Don't worry, he won't win anything.
I remember he showed us some examples or something (memory’s a bit foggy, it was a whole back) and we had a good laugh
And maybe that based on this, they would be more like Australia, Canada, NZ (and the rest of the Commonwealth) than Europe.
What I mean is that you don't simply walk around in Italy and start talking about collettivism, futurism, even italinism.
Also they take a lot of bullets to kill
On the other side, we have more liberal minded governments who are refusing to listen to the angry citizens and are, in the case of Europe, refusing to pursue any kind of Democratic reform within the EU.
Also, if the laws has not changed in the past year or so, if you stay in one place for more than 6 months you can apply for resident for tax purposes on your tax forms so you don't have to pay 30+% taxes from that first dollar you earn and have the benefit of the tax free threshold.
But to be perfectly honest, Google gives conflicting information about pretty much all of it in that if you just straight Google the word Australia, it says it’s a continent but then if you Google New Zealand it claims it’s part of Oceania but also not part of it and if you Google Oceania it says it’s a continent but also not a continent and instead a geographical region
>Doggerland independence movement, to remove tulips
How many of these people had done both the Inca Trail and Salkantay, though?
So I just need to work on my sneak skill for a while yet
And it cost 40 dollars to get a coach from Canberra to Sydney "around a four hour drive" so I guess prices are fairly similar.
When you get to more rural areas, however, it’s a bit of a different story
Must be all the Australian influence.
>but our teacher didn't tell us they're used just in the uk (and australia
Yeah, I'm definitely expecting a solid number of people when I eventually get there.
Barcelona remains one of the most aesthetically pleasing cities when viewed from above
I watched the Dutch YouTuber NikkieTutorials for an embarrassingly long time before I realised she was not actually American
With 100 minutes in an hour, but that being a bigger hundred than our current decimal hundred
Kalingrad looks like an outlier but we know it isn't.
The cliffs are made of Ochre which is where the natural colours come from and look really amazing with the olive-y green pines that naturally grow there.
My computer puts a red line underneath coördinates.
The reason I don't understand is because its ridiculous given that I have no Iranian documentation and no experience being in the place as a non-baby and, according to another user, there was someone else who by Iranian law is considered Iranian (because his father was Iranian) who the US embassy "acted bemused" for him even asking.
Are Hawaii and Texas way more similar than New Zealand and Australia?
Already you see the Indians training with Australia and the US for the first time.
That's not a spice
In most other languages words ending in -a are almost always feminine
I am Indian and I have lived in India nearly all my life.
I really think that the Irish are closest to the Brits in terms of sense of humour, we operate on a higher level of comedy compared to the rest of the world, the only other place that comes close would be Australia.
> try romance for a challenge
It was a mess, no care given to putting heavy/stable items in first and light/delicate onto the top, keeping cold things close to each other and having the weight equally distributed between bags.
that's some messed up weather
They used to be one of the wealthiest nations on the planet but couldn't manage it, so now they try to get money of bigger countries to do their dirty work for them - in this case Russia, in other cases Australia, etc.
- Most Aboriginal "dream time" stories involve the rainbow serpent, a kind of Aboriginal deity which as the name suggests, is a rainbow snake
The gross misgovernace was because Columbus had failed to extract enough gold and because of complaints of fellow Spaniards
But really in mentality Australians are more European largely in a political sense ...
Here it is the cheapest sausages known to man, terrible burgers, and cooked within an inch of its life (yet somehow still raw in the middle).
However, countries east of the Iron Curtain (especially Poland and Estonia/Latvia/Lithuania) were under totalitarian dictatorships, never developed such a consensus, still have the sort of reflexive reaction to Socialism!
I was under the assumption you have the bigger land masses and whichever mass the islands are closest to is the continent it’s associated with
To be fair, none of those are legally binding in Australia, they are just 'suggestions'.
Iceland is just cheating in this thread
Telstra, NBN Co
Sorry, Australia will not resist joining glorious Yurop' Federation, instead of World Wars we will make [World Song]
I'm a relatively experienced track bushwalker (who can't justify buying hiking boots cause I'm cheap AF because ultraboosts4life).
You guys are setting yourselves up for a defeat more embarrassing than the Australians in the Emu War.
I know Russia (West of Urals) is in Europe, but I still kinda think of it as it's own thing
You guys were doing great there for a while!
As an ex-Dutchie I'm glad to see some Dutch people here realising shit is fucking on fire
Does that include the area where the Somali immigrants attacked an Australian camera crew for going there and threw rocks at them?
If they agree that Australia is superior and forfeit the AllBlacks roster to the Wallabies, then maybe
Now all I can do is shout out very specific Italian phrases and swear words like a child
I may not be the best one to give an opinion about this as I only use public transport to get to places, but I would strongly suggest using trains and buses while getting around here.
The same reason you didn't march when someone opened fire on a mosque in New Zealand, all on live stream
above Scotland
Henry followed suite and set up there permanently
Or Gold Coast
That's the only place outside of Europe pretty much.
According to the lore, heavy has a PhD in Russian literature
Like I said, this just for me
That's about it, we don't have a very extensive history
There's 55 areas (according to 60 minutes Australia) where police can't go anymore in Sweden.
Most of the more progressive people in Australia want it to be given an Aboriginal name instead of a Polish one
USA is way too big and will completely dominate any such union.
It said in that thread that it was the insignia of one unit in 1994.
Cheap Airline Tickets to Australia
He was from there - believe me - please do not perpetuate this egregious error.
Geologists assure us that this is simply an accident of geomorphology and plate tectonics, but they still call it the "Great Australian Bight" proving that not only are they covering up a more frightening theory, but they can't spell either
Well he's not legally eligible for the next election anyway, term limits and all that
I'm sure there is a travel site or something where someone has done this and can point you in the right direction.
It’s everyone
The Autobahn is both a terrific feat of engineering and the Nazis committed horrible atrocities.
Since she's lived so long I imagine that means her body was able to stay "young" for much longer then other people.
we may pronounce it like that (ˌjɑnəˈwa↗:ʁi), but no one will spell it like that.
So UK citizens moving to Australia with its points based system of entry, or Canada for that matter, should be treated the same way then?
Because nobody at the RNC was stupid enough to get phished.
Virgin Australia have started doing this and I really like it, but I don't think they're great at warning people beforehand - you need to download their app so once you're in the air, it's too late.
I love Euorpe
"Talk to the hand Frau Merkel"
I remember playing that game you call "gamelle" but I can't for the life of me remember what we call it in English lol
I’d hate to be in your version of cold
That might be a little tough in Germany, but in places like Australia, New Zealand, Scotland, etc.
We don't all have AC here either
I'm pretty sure there was an ad campaign on TV advocating either 24 or 25 for air con because it puts a huge strain on our electrical grid
It's better than ours
I love the name Philippine but as someone living near the Philippines (and not in France) it wouldn’t work
The lower key and richer voices help, plus the Dutch language just suits the song better I reckon
If I have a quick shower, you can guarantee that my groin is the place that I'm most likely to wash!
Oh, and maybe add in a Roman Salute for consistency since you guys are big on that.
+ /u/shayhtfc
(Author of the Hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy"
You can read it on wiki
I use both
Sudden drops lead to hail and heavy rains
1) The proposed name for it (Which I don't remember) means faeces in a different Aboriginal language
>"A hundred castellanos are as easily obtained for a woman as for a farm, and it is very general, and there are plenty of dealers who go about looking for girls; those from nine to ten are now in demand, and for all ages a good price must be paid
I think Australia has more chance of Getting in than Turkey.
And even further away there are more of us in Australia than in Spain!
Germany or France
Captain Cook
[13]
My one regret is not visiting this beautiful place while I had the chance since I live in Australia.
At least according to the backs of Utes belonging to Bogans that I've seen.
Is there a correlation between religiosity and historically Catholic parts of Germany?
Verdelho - Grapes and Wines from Australia
But you already live in Australia...?
I go to uni in Australia, I'm a native born Aussie of Russian heritage, and I have family in both places including 2 of my siblings who now live/work in Russia.
Dictionaries primarily exist to convey what people mean when they say words, regardless (not the nonstandard irregardless) of whether you consider it proper
You’d have to grab him one
If we had some decent walls, May to October would be much less painful  I'm spending my first winter here for 2 years before I move back to Germany in October and man
Yup, the Great Vowel Shift really screwed the English writing system, and even worse, the people in charge decided not to update the spelling
The main buyer is an Australian investment firm, with secondary investments coming from Germany (Allianz), Qatar (their sovreign wealth fund) and China.
Even that would not be enough to calm down people.
And ALL of those deaths occurred BEFORE the 1980s. Nobody has died to a funnel web since
I really hope we can have free movement between these countries.
Funnily enough, when some Americans say 'height', it can sound like they're saying 'hate' to us
But there's also OK, O.K. Okay is the only other one, but that's rare
Guess its an unpopular one
Questions about Cairns, Australia
I mean didn't China already kind of do that with Tibet
com/at/Politik (if de-AT locale) would resolve to the same thing, etc
They have problematic Internet speeds there, though.
Majavi an de bugui an de buididipi
Places to go and things to do for Australia Study Abroad
That would be considered being rude to the customer, which is a no no (unless provoked of course)
I mean, the NPD has next to no influence or real 'sway' anyway, even amongst the far-right.
For far too long it has been Western countries that have been conforming to the cultures of these people who have immigrated, rather than the other way around, which is complete insanity
Australia's is the same style with the bold text in the corner and all.
Prague can be done in 3 days, Budapest might need a few extra unless you want it to be nonstop sightseeing.
On 150 those are "theoretical maximums with an average evening speed of 250mbps
As an English-speaker, I'd be interested to see how this sounds
only if you do the same for capitalism
We consider East all the Arab and Asian countries (and I mean populated by Asians), West all Europe and countries that have a similar culture like the US, Canada, Australia and New Zealand.
That said, I'd much rather have a bit of instability than give a single person too much power, because that opens the possibility of one madman ruining the country, like in the UK or the US
I've seen Dutch people drink this away in one night and not bat an eyelid, as it's a trivial sum for them to save up.
Wow, even as a short trip that sounds amazing.
It has to be Australia/New Zealand, or certain other former colonies (eg Canada).
I think the history and culture we share between us is very different to the history and culture the UK shares with Europe.
Add to the entirety of the Western world, where most people learn English as a second language, and there's an enormous market for British media.
It’s amazing how quickly people shut up when you correct them about your nationality after over hearing them rant about you lol
I do like going on vacation I mean I love theme parks and you guys have THE BEST theme parks every no exaggeration, and I also enjoy San Diego, NYCv and Seattle is one of my favorite cities in the world but tbh nooooo
And that tank ended being the last of its kind and still sits in the Brisbane war museum
However, there are curiously few snakes, possibly because the spiders have killed them all
Ah yes but mustache man make Germany do big bad bad and Austria did little bad bad so Germany blamed for big bad bad
Australia is still a constitutional monarchy unfortunately
Anytime a politician touts policies as stuff that will promote ‘family values’ is a time where you should start running for the hills
The level of formality of some countries is kinda weird/uncomfortable for us
And then there is the rotating presidency for 6 months.
Ahh, Spoken like a true Swiss
It's pretty universal and ingrained in the language now
I underestimated the size of Australia and didn't realize how far everything was.
You guys are so lucky to be born EU citizens
Assuming I didn't die of childhood pneumonia (which was pretty bad tbh) I certainly would have bled to death in childbirth at 20
I don't understand why you choose undemocratic Saudi Arabia instead of prosperous western backed democracies like South Korea, Japan, the European States, Canada, New Zealand, Australia, Singapore and many others.
Australia was turning them away 2 years ago.
" Cause it looks easy to get lost
A few other Germans commented that too, apparently your other bad moustache man, Wilhelm, attempted a genocide on the African population am I correct
I keep seeing pics of this place, keep saving in my future travel folder; just waiting for the r/urbanhell version (where they take a pic of an ugly building from relatively recent times in an outskirt suburb)
Most of the time life is full of moral complexity and nuance.
Shouldn’t the restaurant owner be paying them a fair wage
How to stop "Trumpism" in Europe
Also if you've got a partner,  it's not ok to have close opposite sex friends that your partner doesn't know very well, so if you start dating someone new you might stop meeting your opposite sex friends one on one for a while until your new partner feels comfortable
Holy shit lol I remember chilling in front of this building from this company and they sent out security because they thought I was being suspicious
You really think we stopped at two hundreds?
Im from Australia, but my grandpa told me one small story when he was living in Serbia or Yugoslavia at the time, he watched one day as a German plane was being chased by a Russian plane
Waltzing Matilda is a much better tune our current anthem
It is only controversial because people learn it as the plural but you probably use they all the time e.g, who left THEIR bag here
I'm an Aussie who knows about this from [Viggo Mortensen on the Late Late Show with James Corden] He got a few details slightly wrong, but fair play
At the current rate it'll be a corporate logo instead
If you're going to be in Gibraltar then Morocco is not too far off - if you head to Algerciras then Tangier is only about a 30min ferry ride away.
I found a Deutsche Rock playlist on Spotify and have been binging it lately
Before they entered, the police told them they would not be accompanied for fear of inciting unrest.
Gonna be a while before I have a (real) blue one of my own
Then I was going to argue for Australia being safer, until I remembered all the snakes and spiders and other crazy shit.
Maybe Christmas day is an Anglo thing.
Not sure what it is about it but I always liked the sound of the Czech language
That's exactly what's happened here, no bog rolls to be found
Except brown snakes, they're cunts
New Zealand used to be part of Australia at one point
Also known as all of human history
My parents are huge history buffs so the year we spent living in Italy was spent travelling around looking at stuff
If the Brits did one thing right, it was spread the word of Cricket.
They are a generally very insecure nationality
Good rule of thumb is you can only smoke outdoors
Unless you are some bumfuck island that nobody gives a shit about, you have to play politics.
I've heard they dislike Trump so this could be a prime time.
**Northern Territory** Aires rock
It’s the extremes of temperature in Melbourne that mean you don’t often feel comfortable
[Footage of the crowd as of an hour ago]
How was it an accident
Basically you just search for US working holiday Australia in google.
A pizza and bottle of coke from Dominos around is 24 Aud.
❤️ If you like the outdoors/nature, New Zealand has pretty much everything.
It sounds like a proper word to me
Well the French-English relationship just got a whole lot more interesting
Traveling, we like to see the world.
another Democrats = Right wing bullshit
If Australia can into [Eurovision] Mexico can into EU.
Merry Christmas from Kangaroo land
Austria is the least known part of Australia
I guess you could also say that without sex ed, young people are misinformed or completely uninformed about STI/Ds and how to protect against them.
Classmate - "eeShporte"
You were born in Iran, you spent your first 2 years in Iran.
>We do still sometimes use French kiss for a kiss with tongues but it's rare
1900: Melbourne
Excuse me, we only had one inbred Dutch king, for the past 306 years we have had inbred Germans
It's just a town with a cool palace
Australia got snow before most of europe this year, ponder on that
Many Brits fought with us in WW2, they also heroically defended Crete along the locals, Australians and Kiwis.
Don’t take Melbourne for granted
Don't the banks own the europeans
I didn't let it stop me which in the end lead to the greatest experience of my lifetime.
Since it's a music-free station they do all sorts of in-depth reports on various issues so I guess that's what they were trying to do in Sweden.
My dads friend was born in Germany and she says she never really learned about ww2, she just knew they lost and committed war crimes
Another thing is that an Ukrainian speaking with a heavy accent still sounds very similar to a Pole from easternmost areas of Poland.
They are people coming from horrible conditions, why should we not just try to help them ?
The stages of competition did confuse me.
Both for spelling and pronunciation.
No, but their coast guard brings people from *right outside Libyan territorial waters* and give them a free ride to Europe.
The final year is when you turn 18 and there are final exams with a state wide ranking system for students who intend to go to uni, if you only want to get your highschool certificate, you just need to show up for your exams (your grading is weighted on your whole year of assignments/exams/class work so you don't usually even have to write anything in your final exam as it's pretty easy to get a pass mark)
It is obviously something that is very directly comparable.
Some of those people are elected representatives.
The level of education and power available to a farmer varies wildly
Also, better climate, more mountains.
Canada, Australia and New Zealand were Dominions as well.
Yup, that's how i'd know it
More like 'Woodj' with a hard J at the end
I understand entirely, thank you for sharing
Intresting
I've never heard of a "spelling bee" in Australia or NZ
Fuck, it's been that long already
Any news corp not owned by Rupert Murdoch, which isn't alot unfortunately
My parents recently went to the states without me and had to organise a special visa because they're Iranian, and assure me I will too.
I remember walking outside in the sun thinking how nice and cool it was
My same friends, whenever I say something vaguely of right winged, take off the fascist argument immediately.
How the hell is yugoslavia not part of EU but every damn country around it is
I've used a number of samsung galaxy's running android that work in flight mode, but wasn't sure about the iPhone.
however from what i've seen (in LA&NY at least) hostels like you said are expensive.
Drinking a lot is just standard here
Oh damn, that's a really good deal.
I learnt loads 10 mins on Al-Jazeera English that I didn't realise was going on globally
We would be the guy from another office that nobody really knows but shows up at parties anyway
Oh and Kirkgate in the York Castle Museum
- Most Aboriginal "dream time" stories involve the rainbow serpent, a kind of Aboriginal deity which as the name suggests, is a rainbow snake
Within those regions they're completely homogeneous.
I think every country is dangerous in its own way.
If you go to France on a tourist visa and live with a family for 90 days when you've applied for a working visa as an au pair with that family, the authorities are going to figure out exactly what you are doing.
For a long time, I thought an aubergine was a different thing to an eggplant lol
International brand names, but brewed in the UK for UK tastes...
By the way, get a reservation at Septime as soon as you can; it is wildly popular.
Everyone in USA is immigrant or 2nd or 3rd generation and so on.
That idea was discussed last year, so-called *Transitzonen*.
But sometimes you have to make an overnight stop in a small country town with its only attraction is a ‘big thing’
and sway to the breezes, and the rolling plains are wide
Austrian proposal for an Australian migration solution
They can only move vertically
The anglophone media is a huge influence on political discourse and propagating neoliberalist ideology.
Check
I have met so many professionals while back packing.
Literally
We've been considering places such as Australia, South Africa, Bali, Bora Bora, and most recently Malaysia.
You tend to notice the humidity more when its hot, as you sweat more to cool off, but your sweat doesn't evaporate as fast
Now I can watch the movie and say I’ve been there
I always wondered if the ex-pats think being rude is "fitting in" in Paris?
The train ride is long, from tangiers you're looking at 8-12 hours or something like that (don't quite remember).
Would this have to be done overseas or here in Australia?
The thing is, the UK, Australia, New Zealand and Canada will have even less power in that federation than the UK had in the EU.
Not when youre a romanian speaking english im guessing.
As long as you guys don't have dual citizenship with one of those countries listed on the ban, then you're fine.
I was just in the western cape and didn't see a similarly named formation.
We didn't let them in to the US, but we did not let them drown.
Combine that with smug British expats who do nothing but slag off the UK on internet forum and online newspapers..
Dimenhydrinate is marketed under many brand names: in the USA, Mexico and Serbia as Dramamine, in Ukraine as Driminate, in India and Canada as Gravol, in Iceland as Gravamin, in Russia and Croatia as Dramina, in South Africa and Germany as Vomex, in Australia and Austria as Vertirosan, in Brazil as Dramin, in Ecuador as Anautin, in Hungary as Daedalon, in Sweden as Calma or Arlevert, in Indonesia as Antimo, in Italy as Xamamina, in Peru as Gravicoll, in Poland and Slovakia as Aviomarin, in Portugal as Viabom, in Spain as Biodramina, in Thailand as ไดเมนนีน (Daimenin), and in Pakistan as Gravinate.
If we want to be specific like that, we'd say '24 hours'. I can't think of one time in my life where I would have needed that
It's cheese
Makings of modern Tolstoy:
You left out the part where they weren't citizens of Australia at the time.
Well you do sound like an idiot for sporting dogma, so I don't blame him
Sort the issues out with your aboriginal communities (random example this week: [Machete kids force Cape York’s Aurukun school to close] and your outrageous environmental policies ([Australia scrubbed from UN climate change report after government intervention] first and maybe then you can start throwing stones at our glass house.
Robbie Williams is a household name in Europe but in the US barely anyone knows who he is
Pretty sure every Anglophone person here calls it "kicking the bucket"
Your country isn’t a country until it has protesters
The UK has undoubted historical ties but what can it offer over access to the EU?
More brits actually go to Australia than the EU for gap years work or a similar amount of them - which is quite something because Australia is a country of just 23m people, anyway: they've made their holiday working visa conditions a bit easier from the 1st of Jan.
Trenitalia isn’t too bad and they’re generally on time from my memory,  but it was always a toss up on what platform the train would arrive at lmao
It isn't as busy (and obviously not as big as a city) but the nightlife and food scene are as good if not better, and the shopping and cultural activities are on par.
so Kingdom of Denmark then
I think it's more likely to be an anglosphere trade area: Britain, USA, Canada, Australia, New Zealand.
The US has played a negative role in the political history of Greece, with the aid to the military junta being among the top reasons why the US is disliked.
imagine thinking this is summer
This pale Scandinavian skin won´t handle the Australian heat.
On the Croatian coast right now and was looking at picking up an Airbnb for next week.
Ok, well I'm not surprised about that
Please provide more details about the jokes
>The similarity between Dutch and Afrikaans is a bit scary at times
"supposedly", it was mostly disproven but nobody knows what those quakes really were
Those damn horses are so small.
When a new administration comes in some 5000 people in Washington lose their jobs.
Same here
Yay
* Australia (please don't eat me wildlife)
Papa cold war is over, plus I think you have severe case of alzheimer's, calling W.
Its not even sustainable for Australia, with a minuscule number of asylum seekers and plenty of poor neighbours willing to take people, Germany would either go bankrupt or end up beholden to half of north Africa if they tried to emulate this policy with their problem.
Yet all the locals just seemed perfectly comfortable inside or outside without all this clothing management
Do black people born in Europe feel Europeans and do white people in Africa feel Africans?
My only vague concern is that it's mostly those with less income who smoke so it's a poor tax on cancer sticks
Big open places and the night sky?
Everyone has heard of the continents, where are you actually from.
France is a lot more densely populated than Sweden
I would say Australia but I don't think i'd be able to hack the summer heat.
It's so disrespectful to set something x years in the past and add a y character and have it all peachy
And be careful that some drop-bears don't sneak in amongst them
A German accent is sexy as hell
Sweet ass bicycle
The cultural and political barriers are far to large at the moment.
You grouped roughly 325 million people into one.
Oh dear,  I dropped articles all the time when I was barely conversational in Italian
I think what you are trying to say, is that English is "the language of the Engls (Angles)" and that England is "the land of the Engls (Angles)".
im gonna be honest, i found costa rica to be unjustifiably expensive and overrun by obnoxious american retirees
And yes I suppose I do need to get over it
Gesetz und König und die Freiheit hoch
I just wanna add:
Living in your country sounds like it would be a nightmare.
I guess Danish lawmaking is very secularised, and if you aren't a member of Folkekirken then your taxes don't fund it, so in practice it's a secular country.
Australian, really
I have applied for my numero identidad de extranjeros (NIE) which I should receive in a few weeks meaning that I will be be given a residence permit (TIE).
We don't eat shrimp
What I meant was that EU reform has to be pushed from the national level to have any chance of success.
Wow, I know you said you're European, but it seems like a lot of your year would be spent in Europe?
I've never seen nor heard a Tasmanian Devil in my yard
The last confusing thing about Australia is the
Does Scottish surnames do both Mc and Mac
OMG yeah
I have done in the past but I really wish they'd implement a way to hide American units of measure, either with a separate language for English, or a setting in your user profile
Gas leak, huh
No, I think the problem is that you have a foot on one side, and approximately thirty centimetres on the other
is there a reason you have chosen Sydney?
I hate how it's all just about charisma and what a stupid swing that is in one month if charisma is the main reason for it.
I'm an Australian living in Shanghai and it's great.
Australian Adventure : Byron Bay to Lightning Ridge in Van Dog
Man that would be sick, Weimar Germany was in such a state of flux, seems like a very interesting backdrop
Since your citizenship is Australian with no affiliation to the 7 countries listed in the ban, it makes it even more unlikely that you'd face any troubles entering the US.
No, but you can do it the Australian way, just announce that you will pay a couple of millions to whichever country takes them off your hands.
Americans buy what they're told to
I hate those particularly, because yes we do need to outlaw cars as we know them.
it's almost like cars are bigger than humans
You don't understand the policy then.
40c degree days are not that rare
Happy independence
It's an AUSTRALIAN coin (and everyone mistakes Austria and Australia sometimes)
Woolloomooloo
But these countries are far away from home.
I don't imagine I would have enjoyed the park anywhere near as much if I hadn't learned some of the history behind how and why it was built.
Bin Chicken: Ibis
you called me irresponsible when it was *clearly* a mistake, and your tone came across as condescending.
You'll get through those covers no problem
It seemed to be similar in Argentina
We invented the Blackbox Flight Recorder
In Australia as well and they’re mostly guaranteed to be clean
They're travelling mostly in Europe, and if we want to be even more precise, they're travelling in their own countries, and those that do want to go see the world, they go to the US as they do in any other anglo-saxon countries, like Australia for example.
Yeah so if you see toilet paper, you're lucky
Because he's a fucking dictator?
I'd suggest that and/or New Zealand to get your feet wet in travelling!
My family is Poland loves the 'sz' ending names
They have surprisingly small populations and very similar cultures and values.
Ya I know my phrasing
Makes it easier when looking for things.
Napoleon approves
It's like the people saying the EU should enforce the same migration policies as Australia.
just be careful where you wander in kabukicho haha.
Most of their support came from Tito not Stalin.
This is an example of the cycle of poverty among Aboriginal communities in Australia that began with the "Stolen Generation", they were the Aboriginal children who were stolen from their families to be brought up in "missions" where they were taught essentially how to be like white people
The current module unfortunately leaves Europe susceptible to 'anglophone' or 'standard occidental' colonisation.
Were the Soviets or Brits in it?
More accurately, European convicts were sent, with a few deranged and stupid people in charge
cunts fucked
The Romans were in the UK before the Anglo-Saxons
Though best reports I found rounded numbers to 49% vs 51% and I'm assuming that everyone in 1707 wanted to be part of the UK, which I know there was likely always a simmering independence movement below the surface
You put as many numbers as you want down the list, leave the rest blank
It is very likely that, on arriving, some cheerful Australians will 'adopt' you, and on your first night, and take you to a pub where Australian Beer is served
>+25 C
Many places need to sort out secure bike parking
Fake Aussie accents are horrific
'toung kissing' sounds revolting to me tbh
We're pretty self absorbed people, we're too busy concentrating on ourselves or our friends, or the stranger making googly eyes at us.
I'm sorry, but the first part of your comment reads like a joke.
Yeah same, Finland and Monaco were cool.
Češka sounds better than Czechia or Czech Republic.
Well if we look at the calls with Mexico and Australia it seems that maintaining a good relationship with this madman is anyway an exercise in walking on egg shells.
Lovely country though
I mean I came to the comments for the political talk, interested to see people's views
I only know it from that song
Ever wonder what the knives are for?
If you're lucky, a dish washer is the best you could hope for, and even then that is unlikely.
Only in the most exceptional circumstances can a temporary travel document be used to travel to a country other than the one that issued it.
I really wanted to make some san choi bao, and did some googling and found out that there was a good Chinese supermarket there, but I was so shocked that just one metro station out of inner Stockholm it went from almost completely white to me being the only white person I could see.
From the Australian perspective, my feeling is if you were a genuine refugee, fleeing from Iran, Afghanistan, Sri Lanka ETC, then you would be happy when you get to the first safe country!
If you think India is a multicultural society in the same way as Australia then you can't be reasoned with, but I'll try anyway.
Closer than an Australian and a kiwi.
It was just an example of countries with worse corruption than Australia
At this point, we would like to mention the Platypus, estranged relative of the mammal, which has a duck-bill, otter's tail, webbed feet, lays eggs, detects its aquatic prey in the same way as the electric eel, and has venomous barbs attached to its hind legs,
I'd like to visit Northern Europe (particularly Denmark and Norway).
If a person happens to put their hand down a Wombat hole, the Wombat will feel the disturbance and think "Ho
Car needs to be a Fiat Panda Young with more dents and scratches
That's the impression I got from talking to someone who lived there.
Meanwhile, what the country is burning to the ground, our PM pisses off on a family holiday to Hawaii
Does Canada or Australia not share these values?
Oh come on, the feel of being utterly ridiculous is funny.
I was even surprised at the food quality (really didn't have a great dish in 4 days).
As an Aussie citizen but temporarily residing in the UK, you will be able to apply for a visa there (easiest to do if you will be in London for a bit).
/u/Ax_Dk was simply stating a fact; /u/--poseidon-- does not talk shit about Australia.
Not European , however there is a small group here called ‘Republicans’ such as myself who wants Australia to be an independent republic from the Commonwealth
I may be way off as well, maybe Spain does have loads of current affairs with some Latin American countries.
It already is the most spoken language in the southern hemisphere
I had this happen to me once in Australia.
Quokkas do certainly appear friendly but one can never know their true intentions
Yeah because everyone is really calling it a crema catalana over the world.
Unless you're an English language teacher, most people don't care (especially young people)
In the low 20s for me
I wanted sleep, and it wouldn't shut up
They were horrified and I think I caused some people to have a heart attack from the anxiety of it all
However if you hypothetically were to move here, you'd be welcome, specially in the big cities.
This area would be a bit dangerous for them anyway because of the cars
On our way back to the US we might stop by an island area (Fiji, cook islands?) to relax before coming home.
Those talking points don't even make sense.
I wouldn't either, I didn't get a chance to call today as it was a public holiday here but i'll try tomorrow to confirm.
Check flights, half the time they're cheaper than taking a train and will be quicker.
That's one hell of a terminator
Showing strength to discourage others has been done before
Faced with insurmountable odds and impossible problems, they smile disarmingly and look for a stick
*Our* irony
Some people genuinely want this
In Town Motor Inn offer affordable and luxurious motel accommodation in NSW.
They're the predecessors to the English, you're the followers.
Some of the most amazing sights I've ever seen were just from roadside pit stops.
pretty sure welsh speakers, breton speakers or gaellic speakers can read this but i sure fucking cant
You can also be a travel nurse and work 13 week contracts for way more pay in loads of places in the US like NYC or California, then travel between contracts.
I love the Irish :)
Don't know if other English speaking countries use this but in Australia, a "Dutch Oven" is when you fart under a blanket or in a sleeping bag and trap the smell in there
It’s Spring here now in Oslo and although we’ve had some nice weather, the average day is around 10-11c and it’s cloudy as hell
Reverso - I saw a car on Spanish plates in Brisbane
The RCMP is Canadian though, not Australian
Hey everyone, my partner and I are going to be spending 3 weeks seeing the northern parts of Australia later this year.
Let's go back and have a look at his stupidity:
We used to wet them and wear them, it kept us heaps cooler
Yeah right
Why are there so few natives in Australia?
>Well Iasi, Romania is well known to Greeks
and I want to know if that would be the same for me because the only difference is I happened to be born there.
That being said a vindaloo can fuck me up if I haven’t been eating curries lately lmao
The difference is probably that a castle has people living in it, a fort is just a military building, and often newer.
why on earth it's great for Romania, Germany, Belgium and Portugal to trade without restrictions with each other but terrible if it's with the USA, China, Australia or India.
The practical problems involved are so enormous that I can't understand politicians who throw this into the debate without any concrete proposal.
The only brand i know from there is Carbonell, which is a good brand.
Being irreligious helps in this regard I guess.
We don't all have AC here either
I justifiably downvoted your one comment calling me irresponsible.
I care about my personal space
**AUSTRALIAN INVASION OF NORWEGIAN ANTARCTICA**
Thick socks
We have the current flights already booked:
Far right populism is democracy?
Samsung is superior
My wedding anniversary is a week shy of Valentines Day (9 years next week!).
How can you stand living in a country that is 100 more times liberal then Russia?
You get your Schengen "visa" the first time you visit a Schengen country (effectively, a visa on entry).
I wouldn't have thought inequality would be that low in Australia.
Bonn was the capital of West Germany until the reunification with the East
Not sure where you're flying in from but I was thrown off by how expensive Australia was in general - It's definitely one of those places were you're going to spend a lot there so I would budget accordingly!
The peninsula is dotted with extinct volcanoes - this is the view from last night's sunset at the summit of Mt Tomaree
With the point of difference being that involves crossing the Nullabor, a place you really, really don't wanna break down
Pretty sure Ukrainians were the ones that suffered the most.
animals (the Odd) that are more dangerous
England - English
I'm in Melbourne
Not stopping us from claiming it though
Ok going a bit far with long pants and hoodie for me
Similar population to Australia as well.
Yep that's Hoi An for sure, great spot.
Je voulais pas tendre de perche.
I'm glad you have no real political power
From your examples, the phrasal verb "work [something] out" is the closest that covers all these usages
Me and my gf are away traveling currently and we have found ourselves in a situation where travelling to Kuala Lumpur between Singapore and Australia would add potentially an extra £200 travel costs onto our trip, is it worth the extra money for just a couple of nights or is it better the save the money for our 3 weeks in Australia?
I like the Brits, usually enough to offer a pint when I encounter one in an out-of-the way place.
I have seen a lot of Indian tourists seeking photo ops worth white people even abroad - from Europe to Thailand to Australia.
One of the UK's exes
In many ways we would like to be like you.
I doubt that Australia and Canada are looking to isolate themselves together with the US and UK.
in Australia we have Smart Traveller; if something happens in the country you've travelled to - earthquake, terrorist attack, etc.
They complain that labour regulations makes the UK uncompetitive, but don't want to roll back their protections from abusive and invasive employers.
Australia's is 000
Remember Jan Böhmermann calling out Charlie Pickering in Australia in the #EverySecondCounts video?
I found a Deutsche Rock playlist on Spotify and have been binging it lately
What is the Australian media saying?
[This one] I feel does justice to the absurdity of African borders
Same in Australia
* Fish farms on both sides of the wall can be built to both provide a seafood industry, as well as to replenish the stocks of wild fish which are very low at the moment
Sorry, your sob story doesn't work.
One does have to wonder why it's taking them so much longer than equal regions like the Ruhr area or even Limburg, which though economically also damaged quite severely by the grand economic shifts, still does not feel nearly as derelict as the south.
The cords are worn around the left shoulder and are secure by a badge (campcraft badge if I remember correctly) on the uniform
I imagine if you're a Romance language speaker, they're going to be almost the same
Id personally use the year to go to further removed areas that might be more time consuming to get to from Europe in the future.
It was a massive military failure by the ANZAC's too, for example: New Zealander Brigadier-General Johnston, Australian Brigadier-General Hughes and Australian Colonel Antill (who was portrayed as the bumbling and murderous British Colonel Robinson in the anti-British Mel Gibson movie 'Gallipoli').
Actually we suck at history, I've learned more from podcasts than I learned in school
I'm Australian and don't understand why every other country doesn't have MANDATORY voting
Sorry Dennis
The Pacific Solution is not relatively strict, there is no stricter policy that I have witnessed around the world.
The prime minister elected here in 2013 was born in London
Not so sure about that, May was the tenth leader he called when doing the rounds.
My Granda was an Ulster-Irish speaker, he didn't teach his kids even though they were born in Ireland
I want tp relearn Italian because I used to be able to speak Italian; but because my native language is English I just never had a reason to use Italian and basically lost all fluency
You store money on them and then you can just tap them a scanner when getting on and off a bus or train
Mate = Cunt
Australia is about so committing human rights abuses on these external countries so it's hardly an ideal model.
Travelling to Sydney Australia in Winter, any adivce?
Farm work can be good if you go for things like fish farms, but be very careful with fruit picking because lots are scams that take advantage of WHV.
How many infidels has Trump beheaded?
They do not charge fees for transactions above $5000 (below that it will cost you $5).
Give it the real serial killer treatment before you kill it.
However I don't see what other solution there is.
Well, to be fair, they're usually nerds that love that kinda thing
Failing that, try to marry somebody Irish.
We have moved on from Europe,  and while the ties to Europe is strong in Australia, we’ve forged our own identity and the forging of that identity was influenced not just by Europe but Asia and the Indigenous people here
Estonia still has a huge problem with Brain Drain though
Yes, it's why they come here
Oh where do I start
Thinking about working in Australia for a week
Amazing to see them up close though!
It wouldn't happen here either
If they built enough wind turbines this would not happen
We are often only a few generations removed from our extended families in the UK, but if we don't have a British grandparent we stand in line behind Romanians and other people who only desire to migrate to the UK because of the relative wealth difference.
* Buy a lot of one-usage life rafts with a pre-programmed automatic course (Australia uses them, they do not have a wheel, only electronic steering)
I'm pretty sure they would be ok with having the Burger king in their region as well...
When these texts, if I read them it's quite difficult to understand
Haha my German friend showed me that in school
There may be a chance we would vote in favour of a monarchy if he were to abdicate however, but I don't know for sure.
Well this is MapPorn so I guess like maps of trains.
can you tell me exactly why they would choose it over, say, Canada?
English also has "seven in one blow" which is flies (from the story of that title)
I miss japan so much that i just watched an hour of those vids.
We have much more in common with Ireland, Australia, New Zealand and then much of Western Europe than we do the USA.
I love how Northern Ireland has more fatties than the Republic
We call them champagne socialists over here!
Which is effectively spaghetti with meatballs
Moving to Australia this September
The whole men must be men thing is out of control
I remember reading that Henry’s wife , Eleanor of Aquitaine didn’t like Winchester and set up in London because it was a lot more cosmopolitan
Being drunk pretty much everywhere is fine, even though Italy doesn't have a great drinking culture.
If the question was "Which of the following is most **economically** important to the UK?" the green portion of the doughnut would likely be a sliver.
oh hell, I hope there was no damage
Won't work until you fix immigration
We would be unstoppable in cricket
I would want to start with Canada, Australia and New Zealand and then work from there.
I am continuously impressed at Romanian protesting skill, it's almost artistic
Can I ask whilst you did you road trip what were your must see things?
I don’t know much about him, and here reading this and looking at his t-shirt, he gave me a great advice
Can I just add from another side of the world here; googling (or facebooking you, whatever) I can understand but to be so direct about it in conversation, and on passing with others present especially on a topic like you’ve mentioned is quite the faux pas
I am very not a Christian but this seems like the time to break out some Deus vult shit
A bunch of Americanisms also gives me the shits sometimes too
thank u for being suck great mods :)
It's hard to choose between Australia, Canada, New Zealand and the USA.
Like Armenia or Georgia for instance.
Once it gets about 40 we stop and have a water / ice cream break once an hour (work pays for it no problems) around 45 we stop work completely
I went to Apeldoorn once
If so, what are the differences
Then you get a [Truck Truck Truck]
They're not false, Britain redirected its trade away from Canada, Australia and New Zealand when it joined the EEC, and those countries were forced to realign their trade to the US and China, it was seen by many in those countries as a betrayal on our part.
Denial of medical care, sexual abuse, terrible sanitry conditions etc.
Hence I should give back in some way.
But how sweet would it be if everything was duodecimal and our number system was base 12
Just the country is generally seen as poor and impoverished by a lot of people.
How many Chinese soldiers are stationed in bases over Australia?
I often find thar foreigners will do a shitty imitation of an Aussie accent and say "Throw anotha shrimp on the barbie
Apparently it's a more archaic name for it in English, and I think I heard tell that some Czech politico suggested the anglosphere use it as well.
As an Aussie that's studied German I obviously get German and English
Time to give it another shot I guess :P
The long pants and hoodie is just someone experienced, knowing fully well that the 25 can change to 15 in a matter of minutes
If you're talking about the gray ones, it's Australia and Slovakia.
The USA's population is huge and Americans tend to have very foreign attitudes in comparison to those three countries and other Europeans.
Australia had what's now called the stolen generation
In Australia where we have 'compulsory voting', it's only compulsory (on threat of a $50 fine) to turn up.
Now I'm not saying Lonely Planet is to blame for the imbalance in tourism but I think it does capture a snapshot of popular perceptions of Europe
As we'll be in the Baltic, will we be out of wifi range?
Oh, the Buddhist region where the alien chess guy is from
Either that or taking land from the Abororiginals
Why would Americans care about any history outside their own country?
Yeah "salty" was used correctly
Stayed in hostels, and friends in Switzerland, used couchsurfing in expensive countries such as Austria, Switzerland and Italy.
How dare you
Very hard-hitting but very real experience.
Many people don't realise its possible to use your phone to see where you are when you are flying.
Western Australia had an independence movement a long time ago but it's mostly dead now
"WHEREAS the people of New South Wales, Victoria, South Australia, Queensland, and Tasmania, humbly relying on the blessing of Almighty God, have agreed to unite in one indissoluble Federal Commonwealth under the Crown of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and under the Constitution hereby established:"
So a lot of quotas for immigrants from South America for example, fewere for East Asians, then the rest, and muslim and particurarly mid-eastern at the bottom with close to zero, except for experts, scientists and the like.
Not sure about hiring a guide but why not try couchsurfing?
We call it Australasia
Less than 10 days before our yearly dose of sponsored xenophobia!
Flights from SEA (thinking Hanoi/Vietnam) are only reasonable to Melbourne/Sydney (I think?) and I was hoping to see the Reef, so I was thinking to fly in to Melbourne or Sydney -> GBR -> Sydney/Melbourne, spending about 3-4 days in each spot.
Sweet ass bicycle
Yeah I'd rather not have to have other religion crammed down my throat.
There is 'diverse opinions' and then there is 'wildly divergent opinions'.
None of these are arguments, I noticed the way you decided to address his points by imitating the guise of an argument, but these are all just baseless assertions.
The museum at Schlinder's factory was also quite good, and an underrated one would be the Silesian museum in Katowice
Except for language I don't think we have as much in common with the USA as people think.
Hey, coming from Australia and having lived through a few European winters I find the best clothing for those climates are found when you're over there.
Our many deadly animals are not an active threat
No crowds, trendy cheap bookshop cafes with good coffee and even better breakfast menus, vintage op shops, cheap alcohol, a sick low key Berlin style night life with clubs that are old Soviet Bunkers or up a flight of graffiti's in some carpark looking building, an old soviet bunker in the middle of a forest you can break into/explore, one of the best hostels I've ever stayed in in terms of atmosphere.
who can afford a 2-3 thousand dollar excursion to Paris?
Turning the tide
animal is indestructible
Just replace all those with CIA, NSA and FBI.
The concept included countries such as the United States, the United Kingdom, Italy, France, Canada, West Germany, Australia, New Zealand and countries belonging to organizations such as the European Community and NATO.
Might be American
Yep pretty much
Oh ok
Was it the same in Canada
Well Copenhagen is the site of my favourite brewery's in the world bar, the mikkeller bar.
Out of interest, if not Christianity what is the main religious belief of Estonia (if any at all)?
Britain is playing a dangerous game with their strongest ally.
It’s visible from space as well
Cold
Also as an Australian I feel a sense of camaraderie with you guys considering our countries get mistaken for each other all the time lol
You don't really think there is only sand in Australia and Argentinian, do you?
Of course China, India and Japan are included because it would be weird otherwise, but it also includes countries that just got burned with TPP...
Actually, it would be more accurate to say that of the 9 most poisonous arachnids, Australia has all of them
I use 'whom' whenever I'm trying to sound pretentious and smart
That is still a rare site on Europe although it is starting to spread there too.
did you syend resyume to rish yunibersidy?
Not European obviously but when I was younger I used to think that all of Europe was part of Britain and everybody there spoke English
There's also a lot of places you can't smoke like in basically all public buildings like shops, pubs, restaurants, government buildings; there's  huge stigma against smoking in the house especially if you rent and outside most buildings you have to be a certain distance from the door to smoke
The result is that when conflict disrupts trade, the food becomes boring
Are all poorly integrated Dutch people in Australia old?
We bring beer and sometimes venomous creatures
Anyway it is a lovely city
The NHS is being systematically destroyed by our fuckwit overlords, and they speak English in Australia.
The rules for buying, or more importantly registering, a car vary quite a bit country to country.
I haven't changed my daily routine or lifestyle, and will not change it for morons like The Orange Orangutan who was elected as president of the US of fucking A.
The flags are great m8
It would be like going to Sydney and not getting a photo of the harbor bridge or opera house.
Norwegian is related to English, lots of similarities
Gyros from Greece
The music
Everyone else is on the 24th
Not Macron here, but from what I can find Conte speaks English too
Instead of building a new embassy in a country, we simply share the ones that are already there.
It seems as though it is a rarely visited memorial (maybe I'm wrong) compared to the other WW2/Holocaust sites in the city but I found it to be a really unique and haunting experience.
8% 14+ 12
It's not like Mediterranean cuisine that heavily features herbs that can be foraged on a nice stroll around the village
I always thought Europe was the same
Where we are positioned, the weather can be very erratic
How did they try to present it as preserving Polish way of life
They began ramping back up after the South Aleppo Offensive by the rebels broke the ceasefire back in March.
I didn't realize Russia made Anthony Weiner Sext a child
There are children and babies in those places, places that are really third world countries.
Thank you too OP
No he is saying he will simply block them until negotiations are complete.
It would be interesting to hear anyone else's experiences with there phones..
This is something that Leftists are extremely opposed to.
Cheapest route south to Australia?
Plenty of foreigners seem to love their time in Australia on working holiday visas.
I'm not sure if renting a car is a good option for me.
but there wasn't really any inherent *risk* of being an American in Paris).
And when the British wanted a Dutch king to replace their own
Well, clearly not so well known to *all* Greeks
Cuz the basics are easy
Then it’s long
- Book on a full service airline
And even that will only kind of solve - the other country will still be pissed about that kind of policy - the issue for a land-border, for sea borders you will have to find a way to turn them around or deliver them back to the country they came from, for which you will again need a deal with countries such as Turkey.
Sadly he emigrated a generation too early to Australia and therefore my grandfather, son of an Irishman, was born in Australia.
To make matters worse I don't have any sort of medical/shots history to give a physician - although I know I got all my shots and boosters as a child.
Of course it's not easy, and because so much people push against softer options that could work eventually we will indeed follow the Australian option, proved to work, and that implies in fact to colonize some African country to become the reception center for all refugees and migrants.
It is very likely that, on arriving, some cheerful Australians will 'adopt' you, and on your first night, and take you to a pub where Australian Beer is served
It reminds me of [this] in Australia.
But i think it not will be much beneficial for both sides.
Education is "free" up until college, which is about another trillion dollars, mostly funded at a local level.
Old school Persian and Roman names
My brother and myself (both 21) are planning to travel for a ski holiday at the end of the year, traveling from Australia.
Slovaks come from Slovakia, Czechs come from Czechia.
You think freedom can only exist if it is total.
We have good relationships with lots of countries, a good relationship with the UK doesn't mean we can't have a good relationship with ireland and the EU aswell.
And shortly after that school was closed because of the bird flu.
Usually in the bottom half where it's closer to the lake and turns into a swamp during heavy rain
Yeah, I actually got a shilling coin as a 5c in change when recently in Australia.
Alot of far flung French and British protectorates are part of the EU.
I care about my personal space
If I ever for some reason have to run and charge through a door or group of people, etc
I've been blown away by the incredible scale of the Amazon river and rainforest, and seen vertical black stormclouds where the Amazon meets the Andes that started above us and spiralled all the way down to ground level.
I assume the same thing that prevented Europeans from colonising the interior of Sub-Saharan Africa: Malaria and other tropical diseases.
We have had no problems at all.
My parents are huge history buffs so the year we spent living in Italy was spent travelling around looking at stuff
Took us a bit by surprise
I intend to visit the U.S to see family sometime in the next two years.
I'm pretty sure in some dialects that would be considered correct
So the train went on to a ferry, and in to another country.
Malta
I personally dislike my own accent
I never said hitler alone made them lose.
So after all this, Europe has adopted the Australian model in the end.
My biggest tip is take some tablets for sea sickness just in case!
Now I'm confused whether I use normalcy or normality more
And Australia's always an option.
Written text to pronunciation is even easier because even if a word can't be sounded out, you can usually tell if you are saying it wrong
The Vauxhall brand is a UK-only brand, it's not an Australian brand.
Of course they would if they could.
Here's a quick video narrated by Tim Minchin
Australia has no land border tho...
There si certainly organized crime and political corruption, but you wouldn't notice it.
Have you ever seen an old Australian?
Meanwhile, Alice Springs is confused about what the fuck is happening with the rest of the country
Wagga Wagga
WeSmart
Aussie reporting, I for one are not against the idea!
If they perhaps were to institute an Australian solution I bet a lot of this migration would stop like it did with Australia.
Or just make a second level of streets/walkways
It sounds like you need electoral reform in the presidential elections
Like UK, US, Australia, New Zealand and Canada making their own separate union like in the good old days.
My rules would literally just allow immigration between Australia, Canada, NZ and UK.
Oh yeah
Americans are called selfish by much of the rest of the world but in this case we seem to be the only one defending democratic values on two fronts.
I've been to markets where they're out because the stalls don't have power or what have you, but refrigeration is most common
I've heard about "well behaved" Scandinavian prisoners but they must have a boiling point.
France has similar things, rue / place de la République / de la Liberté especially
It was confusing and I was already outside of Australia so didn't follow through.
Good for super windy days that are common here
Since the 50s or 60s lots of Dutch people migrated to Australia and New Zealand.
This post and the memes in these comments are unreal
I'd say Italy probably has exported the most cultural dishes than anyone that are still considered as a cultural dish
The youtuber I mentioned did exactly that, and did it quite well I think
You can browse more photos on my instagram @lukeee.jpg
I was taking off and putting on jackets and gloves and hats and scarves and all sorts of bullshit constantly
The Australian radio-astronomer Dr John O'Sullivan with his colleagues Terence Percival, Graham Daniels, Diet Ostry, and John Deane[8] developed a key patent used in Wi-Fi as a by-product of a Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organisation (CSIRO) research project, "a failed experiment to detect exploding mini black holes the size of an atomic particle".[9] Dr O'Sullivan and his colleagues are credited with inventing Wi-Fi
I think a lot of Brits wouldn't have a clue about what you were referring to if mentioning 'Las Malvinas'.
Europe is under performing only getting two
I knew I shouldn't trust Google translate
How often do you go to the dentist
My company has offices in the UK, Australia, East Coast, West Coast, but Denver is our HQ so we always have multiple out of towner co-workers and more than one has been given weed by other guests.
Recognize Australia becuase hte camera is really shitty.
>So blühe froh in voller Schöne,
culturally the UK is far closer to e.g.
Gyros from Greece
you arent expecting our
doctors and journalists aren't allowed to talk about it.
Do they expect you to speak in fluently?
I know the Irish anthem in Irish and English
KL was on the bottom of my list.
But that's me getting ahead of myself.
It's always dusk in Sweden as well
Australia is definitely not all that bad.
The big banana,  The big lobster, just Victoria in general
10 year anniversary trip ideas: Traveling to Australia for 2 weeks, then stop by island (Fiji?) on the way home.
And if you believe the theories, politically in the background, the world
Being born in the US but moving when I was only 6, I'd love to come and visit and start learning about the place I was born.
scotland and wales population density is MUCH lower tho
But my husbands fine at about 15
But I think it's cool
Cows milk
Worth noting that the lower income people are more likely to smoke and tradies (tradespeople like builders, electricians etc)
We here in Australia have a great relationship with California
Yeah, I do think so
i don't feel so uncomfortable enjoying myself here because I know most people here in Australia are presented with equal privileges and opportunities.
The thing is, it will take you roughly the same amount of time to join Sydney/Melbourne/Canberra...
- Depicted having romantic relations with a lump of coal due to the fact he is a climate change denier and brought a lump of coal into Parliament and said "Don't be afraid it's just a rock
I can hear upward inflections at the end of words
rock
North Germanics I'm lost, only certain Norse words/phrases
Definitely do it, they're really good - get the pork and fennel one then top it off with one of their tarts :)
This is why Europe is doomed to fail.
Ironically if you join the EU you are going to have to build a wall and pay for it.
He'd started playing somewhere abroad, can't remember where but it wasn't in Sweden
I figured back then something like that was going on.
Apparently they are all over the place
Maybe not pretentious, but it sounds to me like something only older people do or care about
The calls which did get through, even if done during Australian working hours, got to someone who couldn't help but could only take a message (a human answering machine) or "escalate" my requests.
My company has offices internationally.
In Europe, particularly in Germany, we aim to protect our democracy which means that we try to protect the people from fascist, extremist propaganda.
You mentioned that you live in Australia.
- (You can see our speed and altitude - we were on decent to KL) Note - the phone can be used in "flight mode", well my Samsung phone running android can.
Yeah, inmigrants from "Western minded" countries (USA, Australia, etc) and most Asian countries (thinking mostly on China here, but also Japan, Worst Korea, etc) have little to no difficulty integrating.
Advance Australia Fair is quite contradictory:
Yeah, no need to remind me
I love those songs as well
So since austerity is the 'fix', devaluing the currency is off the table and Greece must therefore increase productivity.
Libya has no government, and the other countries around the Mediterranean won't take them.
>now you’ve taken a shit in the blue cupboard
So many of us Americans are horrified by what's going on in our country right now, and you would certainly be welcomed by many of us, however there has been a rise in people openly displaying their bigotry too.
I mean, I don't hate America, I still think it's a rather groovy place full of ideas and a way to protect us from Indonesia...
*Laughs in Australia*
? It should of been in winter
Also note that there will be some value-added benefits of this:
Hard to tell if you're a hypocrite or not without a flare.
I had the nicest couple of days in Ipoh.
Not that Flemish accents are that much better in English, but they're so different from the Dutch accent that an English speaker would never guess we speak the same language at home.
Cant we just send them to Australia?
Short enough to not be too expensive, while still long enough to play around with these features.
I think its the lack of a regional accent
For Australia or any developed country a WHV would be the best bet.
[Question] Australian going to Canada/America where is the best place to buy a car
30% tariffs on European wine being introduced at the same time as US, Australian and New Zealand wine tariffs are scrapped will definitely harm the European wine industry.
When I went to the Reina Sofia there were a bazillion museum personnel hanging around keeping an eagle eye out for anyone who was trying to take a picture.
If for example Italy starts growing less slowly, politicians in the UK should not point at Italy as a means of excusing their own failure.
Worst part for me was twofold:
I have never heard of a country having "a strong aversion to circumcision".
No scary spiders and constant overcast days will remind you of home.
Does Germany have any claims or have they been claimless
- Attempted to pass a stupid bill that NOBODY asked for, and would have backfired entirely if passed (Religious discrimination bill)
How to best spend 10 days in Australia?
He probably didn't anticipate almost the entire Western world (bar Canada and Australia) going mad between the announcement and the referendum day.
" I found it in the middle of London when I got bored on Google maps
There is a tourist route that follows the old Route 66 and many people enjoy it.
Not very much from the Nordic languages, only a few words that sound similar to English, but I understand a fair amount of German and a little bit of Flemish because I am currently learning German for my trip to Austria this year
We don't learn much about the second world war
This stops the light from being overly annoying to other passengers.
Finding that out was so crazy to me
In non-rhotic accents juror and rarely only have one r pronounced.
What part of "don't get into shitpost wars with the Scandinavians" has America not learned yet
It's a brand name for a lab grown cheese with no animal content
Useless Loop
- There is no evidence to support Aboriginal nations conflicting with each other
I was there over the weekend for Bonfire Night
Why you asking me
They actually do here (Australia), but they're already choosing the expensive option since we pay per cylinder and they're V6/V8.
Yeah, then we made him Prime Minister after that
Obviously hasn't read a history book, or looked into Polish history between 1939-45
Essentially the gatekeepers of French
Australia's convict heritage is over exaggerated a lot
Scott Morrison, Prime Minister of Australia, leader of the Liberal party (right wing, not the left wing liberals in America), professional retard
Because it rolls over the tongue more easily (Hol-land vs.
I would say either politically neutral people, or people who would say yes to the ban if it weren't politically incorrect.
Our culture is the same as is our head of state - and culture is persistent.
I've never been to Australia myself, but that's at least what Australian friends who have been here said.
I don't know why you were downvoted, but I think you're correct, although maybe the polls aren't exactly 'meaningless'.
I am assuming he meant Brazilian Portuguese
Haven't had a bread n butter pudding in...
>be me
Most of these websites are aimed at an American audience.
You can do your immigration routine in Perth, then go on to wherever else you wanted to go in Australia.
There are many immigrants from Australia and NZ in New Caledonia?
Whataboutism aside the US, Canada, new Zealand, Australia etc are leagues ahead of not only eastern europe but russia itself.
Perhaps that makes our population surprisingly large instead of theirs surprisingly small.
My mum used to call Czechs and Slovaks 'pepiczki'...I never thought I'd see something similar posted
No ‘G’day, mate’: On call with Australian prime minister, Trump badgers and brags
nae gunna lie this gave me a wee chubby lads
While they are well thought and content from your point of view, you are absolutely messing with things.
Whoa, thats a pretty great price.
A lot of us move to Australia (And Canada, NZ to a lesser extent)to retire/ work as well as many people being part Australian or having family who live there.
see a year ago and three years ago.
Was Germany’s claim on Alsace-Lorraine removed after WW2, or does Germany still claim its former lands like Eastern Pomerania and Silesia
Obviously the holocaust is far worse
Haven't lived there in over 15 years, mate, so wouldn't know
Australia doesn't want open access for the UK either.
Stopped there last year on my Euro trip
>"A hundred castellanos are as easily obtained for a woman as for a farm, and it is very general, and there are plenty of dealers who go about looking for girls; those from nine to ten are now in demand, and for all ages a good price must be paid
Australian PM being reelected wasn't the top story on the BBC
Most people including myself and I'm sure many of you guys, HATE writing in pencil, so many of the teachers in just let it slide, as they to, knew that pen licenses and cursive writing is fucking bullshit
Its okay, we make the CANZUK; Union of Commonwealth Anglo countries: Canada, Australia ^((or is it Austria?
The _Supreme Court_ was faster.
But isn't that because the Amish are Dutch originally
The data and evidence is firmly against the Euro.
We also want to avoid Utah as I know they have some odd county by county drinking laws
It was one of my highlights from when I lived in Italy,  an absolutely beautiful city; also quite amusing to visit considering I lived in Genova at the time Venezia’s rival city
Just wondering if anyone here has taken off a year or so from work to travel in their mid-30s?
Lol not sure if that was supposed to be a dig or not.
It is a form of initiation rite
And for Australians
Yeah, the Republic of Czechoslovenia ;P
Nice try, wordsmith, but in order for there to be free speech there must be freedom of the press.
As such, it's a pity you're so wary of eastern europe.
Australia wasn't allowed to join ASEAN because "You’re not from around here.
I would be traveling Starting June 1st through the end of October.
It's warmer in Iceland than in the Netherlands right now
They're usually referred to as jacket potatoes (jacket meaning they still have skin).
Not perfectly East-West, but variety in location there
There are markets or "medinas" in all of the major cities, it's their version of "old towns" in Europe.
I had a good laugh at this one lmao
I personally do not want to live under a communist government
**Who Am I?** I am a 23 year old single male living in Melbourne, Australia.
How is this any different
It's the same here that the 24th is just a waiting day, nothing special
Australia is an island, Europe is a peninsula.
This is the sensible thing to do.
And for that reason, all the people that aren't in power deserve to be nuked?
We all have our fair share of bad things we are remembered for.
Wow I hadn't heard of this until now that's really interesting thanks
My purple one's still got a good 9 years on it
I have seriously fallen in love with that country.
Britain for fish and chips
For Australian polls it's required to be about 2000 people polled for an error margin of 2%, (for 24 million), so I guess it's largely accurate for the countries listed with an error margin up to 4%.
It's impressive how much money can be spent to achieve so little
Reminds me of Game of Thrones
Actually a lot of those oligarchs are Jews
Yet all the locals just seemed perfectly comfortable inside or outside without all this clothing management
It wasn't that they made them for shits and giggles though, the program was just getting to the end of the testing phase when the Soviet Union started to collapse and the money for the space program dried up for a while
But they are Brutalist, which is a little later than that!
I can't offer any particular advice on trains or visa-requirements for Australians, but I have one suggestion:
Heres hoping for 2022
Is there an upper limit or must we never react.
Never heard that word spoken in English
And Pella (The capital city of Macedonia during Roman times)
Due to your mother's alcoholism, home isn't safe, and you have been suspended from school
Yes, about 10 minutes from me there's a Polish shop, bakery and restaurant
"Blue passports son, we got blue passports"
I'm a Serbian Australian
It's normal in many countries
I went to Kaunas once backpacking and hitchhiking with a friend
I hope this implied town "Grossgross" is founded by the time I come to visit Austria next year
Canada seems to have evolved and moved on more from just a British based culture than both Aus and NZ.
Tim Minchin made a really nice song about this called [White Wine in the Sun] (He's Australian, so Christmas is a summer holiday).
On mainland Australia in rural areas kangaroos are a common sight
I think Britain would agree with you, and wanted to leave until they remembered all they have in the fridge at home is pickles and mayonnaise
Thank you too OP
Also- anything sound of music based in Salzburg
Exactly
NZ for example might not border Australia directly, but you still would cross only the Australian and NZ border if you went the direct way.
That's essentially punishing people fleeing war.
It also does not make sense for the UK only to consider growth of Western European nations, but it should also look at other parts of the developed West, like USA, Canada, Japan, South Korea, Australia etc.
It took me a few moments to work out who Orcan Lothar was, and why he would destroy part of the Black Forest
Then you go home and have to switch it back on your head
How did they try to present it as preserving Polish way of life
Not European but Western Australia did a vote for independence once, they voted No obviously but since then there haven't been any such movements
My girlfriend and I travelling from Sydney, Australia to America this upcoming 28th of February and whilst everything is booked, our passports are in order and we have submitted and had our ESTA approved under the VISA waiver program..
Switzerland has its mountains, Russia doesnt l. Geography alone means Russia couldn't even if it wanted to
I wonder if you've *really* looked at middle English
If you're coming to Australia to go clubbing, you will want to check this site first!
Perth, it's the second most isolated city in the world (1st is Hawaii), and the 1st most isolated on land
Petition to change Isle of Man to Island of Man
From what I can tell, it's kind of true in Australia too.
" To which I politely remind them that "***NOBODY IN AUSTRALIA EATS FUCKING SHRIMP WE EAT PRAWNS YOU DIMWITTED CUNT***"
Hey hey we aren't American here we don't get Australia and Austria confused.
Are there parts that aren't impacted?
Also ptasie mleczko I have a taste for since my time in Poland heh
Don’t you guys have fly screens
I was reading an article somewhere in the Australian press that was saying that Tasmania should change their government model and adopt the Nordic Model as it would change a backward area of Australia into a more successful state...
They're tempting our erratic president to do something stupid like he did with Australia.
Independent in every single way except for when you elect a slightly left-leaning prime minister, in which case the governer-general and the Queen of England coup them
MS Teams & Skype at the moment
Not economy, the Australian economy is smaller than the British one, but wage wise they'd get a better deal.
In each country the rudimentary form of a ballgame on a pitch evolved into a different game with different rulesets.
Ah, I know 'Bibelselskab' is the Danish Bible Society, so I can guess that this is the Atheist Society.
I'd say Italy probably has exported the most cultural dishes than anyone that are still considered as a cultural dish
They did it because they (the PKK) legitimately are a terrorist organisation
You can't say Australia is super conservative when 3 years ago there was a very progressive government in charge.
I like museums
You could do the 4-3-2 but factoring travel in would.
Try putting it in a jug in the fridge
I refuse to believe that most US public toilets are too disgusting
We are on the verge of being kicked out or getting lifetime membership.
OxBridge is incredibly exclusive and highly stocked with foreigners.
Its just we exported that brand of "European-ness" around the world to Canada, Aus, NZ, arguably the US, systems of government of many countries such as India.
Buses are by far the cheapest but the downside is that they take longer and you don't have much time already.
It is what it is
When we arrived we were lost and couldn't find our way or contact who we needed to
For best results in a limited weekend, buy some fresh shellfish from the market and eat them raw
However, they were diligently reminded that the UK will only be able to negotiate them once it has formally left the EU
San Marino for Australia, or better, Vatican City.
" And thats exactly what they did
I actually find it incredible that you can find very easily Australian and South African wines but not European ones like Romanian or Greek.
Thats your solution for everything
We will be going Budapest -> Bratislava -> Krakow which means it will be on the way.
Labour are also leaving a gap in their traditional constituencies, which UKIP is keenly filling.
I would even say that those able to venture out into politics are quite confident in who they are to face scrutiny from people who will always judge before giving them a chance.
when i was in bosnia, i asked why there was ketchup, and they said"try it without ketchup" and it tasted like bricks
Ngl olive oil sucks for frying eggs
Don't do war kids :/
There will be signage indicating "international transfers".
It's a stock image owned by an Australian.
I would classify them as anti-liberals.
Look at Australia as an example!
I don't know, I knew quite a few locals that were renting when I was Hungary.
I doubt I could find much to do in Iceland that would justify a trip for more than 2 weeks.
"Either multiculturalism has succeeded or its failed".
I drive on the left side of the road and when i've travelled in other countries just haven't been able to get my head around being on the opposite side.
Not From Europe but definitely the Netherlands
You might be better off selling your gear to someone before leaving Canada.
Canada, no doubt, if only because I'd wanna live in a similar place to my country.
are considered parts of actual mainland France whereas British territories aren't.
You need a month for the Balkans alone, let alone the rest.
probably because the "take back control of your country" was a ludicrous standpoint for Britain to make, a country with so many exceptions to EU rules already it may as well have been outside the union to begin with
It is recognisable from orbit because of
If you get caught doing this, however, the consequences can be dire.
You were claiming that the press in Germany wasn't free, and I gave an explanation for the restrictions.
Unlike England, we have separation of church and state.
USA has influence in Europe, the Americas, Australia, Asia, and it's influence only grows with time, not lessens.
It won't be gone just more irrelevant.
Top good online travel agents and tourist attractions in each city of Australia
Wait, what's this Donald duck episode
He speaks against the slavery of young girls and punished those who committed these acts with mutilation and death
I do my best to find out as much as I can for all parties and generally have a top 15 and a bottom 15 and the rest can be a bit of a gooey mix in the middle
Yes it is, although I've noticed dentists use the word 'calculus' for it now, so it's replacing the word "tartar', at least here where I live
For non-Schengen countries, it really depends on the arrangements that Australia has with each.
The study found that modern cars *killed more* insects
That's literally just an opinion of yours.
In a football game last night in Australia, a Greek Australia called an Albanian a "fucking gypsy", is it considered racist and how?
In the morning, I went to the kitchen which was right next to the master bedroom where the owners were sleeping
While I'm happy an Australian can make these talks, it also show how much you are detached from my country.
Are Canada and the EU comparable?
That one got asked over a barbecue on Fraser Island in Australia by a not-very-well-travelled mid-40's Kiwi lady.
They decide if a new word is worthy of being added to the dictionary
Which is horrible enough”.
I always thought tiramisu was Japanese, just because it sounds so much like a Japanese word
Oh dear god, those are negatives
That's the only bad thing about Aus
I'm not supposed to tell you all this but here it goes:
We don't have døgn, but we'd just say '24 hours' if we need to be that specific
About 45kms north of Newcastle, NSW, Australia is the Nelson Bay/Shoal Bay Area.
I think they still can maintain a better balance.
Fairy Bread, it's bread with butter and hundreds of thousands over it
I travel from Australia to Romania for dental work due to excellent cost/quality.
Stopped there last year on my Euro trip
Probably was Duisburg, near Essen and Dortmond
Oh hey
My sister will be flying over to Europe in April for 12 days.
Perhaps we might even have brought the north with us if we had gone that route although that's less likely.
eg dijk would sound like saying ‘dayk’ not ‘dike’ in English usually
So he just didn't like America
And there are spiders and snakes everywhere
Around $7-8000 Australian Dollars each for three months, the car cost us $2500 AUD.
All of them
Probably uncomfortable with greasy "centralist" Socialist ba
Most western countries will do nothing because they themselves have declared the PKK (the communist militant group Turkey just bombed) as a terrorist organisation
Haha well no it doesn't, but technically it is meant to be the way things work...
Edit:
We can deport to a random African country that agrees to take in Syrians in exchange for money.
If you have any questions feel free to ask me.
There are some traps for the unsuspecting traveller, though
["O mio babbino caro"]
\>we joined WWI to defend these people
Please do not give away what you have.
>and will be the most widely spoken language in the southern hemisphere
ever
The shortened vowel can also change depending on the following sound.
It was awful, and it caused problems that are still faced today in Aboriginal communities such as depression
Not a mountain in site
You have all heard of the Emu war already, but another interesting thing that happened during that time in the 1930s: Chariot racing, but they used motorbikes instead of horses
I have heard about Padania before, is this actually a movement or an overhyped political thing
Inflight navigation for travellers!
I don't myself
Funnily enough, when some Americans say 'height', it can sound like they're saying 'hate' to us
So like
Since you're still a relatively young guy, perhaps you like partying?
I had a lot of trouble when my glasses were old where I would have to stare down bus until it was about 20m away and then turn away or raise my hand
but I'll have to clear security etc again at LAX.
>So blühe froh in voller Schöne,
At least it's not offensively shit, like Rotterdam
I'm an Australian guy (from r/all dont mind me) i spent 3 weeks in Kuopio fishing and eating strawberries and hiking and had a fucking amazing time.
They were a gay couple
If democracy means hurting ourselves because of lies why would anyone want it?
Multiple turkish governments have tried to populate Cyprus with Turks from the mainland for the last 50+ years, but that hasn't done much to alter the island's original population makeup.
Much better than the voting 'liberty and wealth and prosperity' type of anthems
The Greek diaspora here is still pretty connected to their homeland
In Sydney a one bedroom apartment can easily cost you $500 a week.
They were originally known as that thousands of years ago, with the seperate islands being Albion and Hibernia/Eire
thank u for being suck great mods :)
And I thought inner Sydney was crowded
One should wish to be both, but, because it is difficult to unite them in one person, it is much safer to be feared than loved
This year I plan to go to some boring places like Gettysburg or Altoona which could very well surprise me by being better than expected.
Aserejé ja de jé de jebe tu de jebere seibiunouva
This is a joke of a policy that is extremely expensive for what little it delivers and relies on other countries willingness to bear the burden.
I always thought Europe was the same
*  In terms of execution and general swishness, TfL London Transport Museum
Australian media hasn't covered much, if at all (Fuck you Murdoch) The only reason I know it's even happening is because Google keeps recommending me articles about it because I did a bunch of research about the country for an English project and now thinks I'm some sort of Belarus enthusiast
*Heatwave*
I'm insulted
and no, they weren't round trip.
All compliments, luckily
I can't offer any advice or help but I just wanted to say best of luck to you and your family and I hope your step dad makes a speedy recovery!
How much is a beer in Australia?
Sounds to me like Shakespeare
Australia got easy points for mandatory enrolment and turnout at state and federal elections.
I think it's from my eurocentrism but I never thought of the way that Asian countries function outside of what I hear in the news.
Note that the Indonesian navy has been expanding recently
The UK and Canada are very mixed countries Australia is becoming one so not really.
You don't really think there is only sand in Australia and Argentinian, do you?
Good times
There's German words in there that I've never heard being used in English
German I can understand because I studied it, and about 30-40% of Dutch
We're always hearing about the obesity epidemic here which made me think we'd be way lower.
He certainly didn't help the german warmachine.
[Imperialistic fantasies, you say?]
Christianity is anti-Confucian.
You won't be missing much except for wild Quokkas (Which are only found on a single island anyway, not in the city)
Hopping in from all
Laughs in Australian
Typical Australian sayings
They voted her down for being a loudmouth asshole.
It really doesn't take long for you to adjust
The younger generation seem to be very good at masking their accent
Maintenon is such an apt name for the town.
Depends on humidity as well
Definitely the Netherlands
The UK hasn't been ruined in a war for hundreds of years which would play a part in the inequality, nor has it experienced a Communist regime.
There is no telling which information is passed through which channels, but almost the entire cabinet has some sort of Russian connection.
I did the top 5 tourist attractions in one day and all of them were less than admirable.
The only way to know for sure is to see it yourself ;)
And also the fact that Turkey's current leader insulted us (Australia) because of our failed Gallipoli invasion
But do try Bangkok, Kuala Lumpur and Singapore, they're generally good to get to Australia
Canada, Australia, and New Zealand don't have state religions, but they aren't doing anything crazy.
I'm pretty sure I've clicked this location multiple times in the past waiting for the day when I start my great Australian road trip.
I've posted this elsewhere but it really does help so I though I'd share:
So depending on what one wants to prove ...
I wouldn't be surprised if that's the book that inspirers this trip.
Germany attacked Australia less than two months into the war.
I took a nap around 11 AM and woke up a few hours later to this shit
Is it all of Italy or mostly rural places
Some of my favorite photos from 13 months in North West Australia
Only on anzac day,  which if i remember correctly, is the day when Australians and kiwis landed in galipoli
They did create you along with Prussia but I don't understand why you weren't called Flanders-Wallonia
Australian here, and I've been to Germany and the US.
You say that as if this is a place no one knows about...
Keep in mind that Obama, for example, is center-right on the European political spectrum...
namely that crises had died down significantly in countries that were big senders of refugees to Australia.
Don't know about anyone else, but it was just sheer relief when Biden was announced
About half of the students would stay till they finish the final year for the highschool certificate as many jobs that don't need a degree would at least require HS certificate but many leave at 17, usually the type of people who struggle with classroom based education (most people don't leave at 16 as they have basically have to commit to a career (and usually stick with that specific trade too) 2 years before their classmates do when they choose a degree)
Actually the Soviets didn't supply much support for the Greek communists.
To me that is utterly appalling and why I simply can't understand how anyone could trust such an organisation which may continue to act undemocratically in years to come.
Europe, Africa, Australia, Antarctica, Asia are out due to flights costing over $1000.
I live in Europe, lived much of my life in Australia and a little in the USA.
Often people might speak great English , vocab and pronunciation wise, but they often keep the rhythm  or stress timing (for lack of a better word) of their native language
Asian restaurant in Berlin
Question regarding need of Transit Visa at Kuala Lumpur airport when flying from Australia to Kathmandu, Nepal?
There have been some half hearted threats of it, but there are too many protesters for one thing, and it’s not going to achieve Jack shit for another
Can I travel on a one way ticket to these countries?
It's like like 35 on Christmas day
Now they're just the "acceptable" far right in contrast to neonazi far right.
How long do we think these will these take to negotiate?
Here in Sydney there's so many of them.
As a Brit (meaning I can speak English) the title is far more irritating than the Falklands quip
I understand having a bit of European destinations, but being that you're from that area, i'd personally consider branching out.
Europeans like quality
It's like the word ceremony, Brits say 'SEH-reh-mehni', whereas in Australia (and North America too I think) it's Seh-re-MOANY (capitals for stress)
Or do you just like the unique flair?
Username checks out
We are currently away travelling and meeting my girlfriends parents in Australia for a total of 8 nights on 5th March.
You will love it when you compare it to Australia especially as the internet there is atrocious.
More than one German asked if she was Dutch because of her accent,  or complimented her on having good (But not great) German
The thing is, this law is for abuse and not a single out of context offense.
Save up a bit of money, and get a student work visa and live in a foreign country.
-Jim Jefferies
About the EO, I totally get that since I don't come from any of the 7 countries in the EO, that policy doesn't apply to me however one of my hesitations is that I question the validity of my visa.
And i didn't mean necessarily sink on sight, i also wrote turn back, for example the way Australia does it.
> try romance for a challenge
Eh attitudes change fast when things change
Is that the capital city of Crete, the rectangular island
This is needless pedantry, I'll admit, but I think a better term for the UK is post-christian
Most immigration over the last hundred years has been unskilled.
I never knew how people could stomach that stuff.
Heavily influenced by the 'White Australia Policy'
In 1999 there was a referendum on whether we should become a republic or not and the majority of people voted no
Or the migration rate caused by local born people of MENA descent going back to their home countries to find a more "conservative" wife or husband?
["O mio babbino caro"]
ignorants mix up everything, even sweden/Switzerland or Austria/Australia :-), what about Niger/Nigeria or Mali/Malawi
>Pronounced something like Hedge-eh-mehni, but for the longest I said hedge-a-moany
I guess we will experience mini ice-age similar to the one that occurred when ghenghis khan massacred a lil too many people
Australia is a big country and I don't live in a tourist hot spot (although tourism is growing where I live) I'd say Sydney and Melbourne
We have yellow page phone books in Australia
Hunter gatherers still exist, and they have a lower life expectancy and more violent lives than sedentary human societies.
But it stops being banter once is reaches the "Pavlova debate". We invented it btw fuck off Kiwis
Bongs
This is the repeated failure of these countries to enforce and champion their own values, and require that these people coming in assimilate and conform to the culture of the country they live in
If yes then probably I would go with option 1 so you wouldn’t be going backwards and forwards.
It's strange how strong the Dutch accent is for a nation that speaks it so well.
Canada and Australia especially as they are part of the Commonwealth.
I can go between NZ and Australia and barely feel like I'm in a different country
He pretty much runs the 4th estate in the English speaking world.
God I hope they come to australia
The emu war was lost because emu's disperse and run away in all directions when fired at with machine guns
A lot of drivers would glare at me for giving mixed messages but I just couldn't make out their number
It’s visible from space as well
"Fush en chups"
Most of the places you've listed (opera house, bridge walk, bondi beach, royal botanic garden, aquarium, Sydney observation, Australian museum) are all in the CBD and I would recommend just walking between them.
Although, I do love our wildlife.
They are very proud of it at the csiro
Bonn was the capital of West Germany until the reunification with the East
"Babe, it's 4 P.M."
When these texts, if I read them it's quite difficult to understand
The Italians are quite similar actually
Anyway I was in a pub in Belfast, and this bloke told me he used to hurl for Antrim; so I repeated the above to him and he turned his head towards me, and without saying a word removed his two front teeth
I bet these houses are cosy
any legal difficulties with "It's his first time in Australia, so we took him to the pub
The Eureka stockade flag, it came from a very short lived revolution during the Victorian Gold Rush, a bunch of gold miners rebelled and fought against the British government because they didn't want to get a license to mine gold
34 thousand British soldiers died in during the Gallipoli Campaign, as did 8.7 thousand Australians and 2.7 thousand New Zealanders.
So a lot less undisturbed nature
The shitwinds are blowing here in Europe, fuckin' big time boys.
That's exactly what's happened here, no bog rolls to be found
There's also some Australian TV which has some ground in the UK (e.g., Neighbours), but I don't know how popular that is elsewhere.
He was an absolute dipshit
I'm all for it, it's more my cup of tea.
No one tell the Germans
Ohhh it seems I have misunderstood the concept of downvoting lmao
Tourist was at least a few metres away from the snake which was sunbathing on concrete at the time, it's still dangerous to have your back to a snake though, especially if it's something like a brown snake which are agressive and venomous
Would love to learn the language, but it seems a bit complicated
As a result most Americans don't have electric kettles, because they'd take forever to boil, whereas coffee makers are much more common
Including Russia, if not for Britain and it's allies
Let’s put the columns where they’ll be safest and not at risk of being destroyed in a war
We did try and change the name of our money to dollarydoos once
I'm sure /r/vexillology/ would like this
Aussie here with some survival tips, we didn't have air-con growing up and sometimes nights would be in the low 30s. I used to sleep on a wet towel that had been wrung out, also used to wear a wrung out tea towel around my neck
Being autistic I knew I was going to have to go beyond my limits and was going to experience fear on the way.
Comfortably fapped to this
Dual Citizens have to enter Canada on a Canadian passport.
beach sunset is worth the risk
Perfect
Our government having a weak PM seems like the exception, not the rule
Only European countries with higher rates are Luxembourg, Norway and Spain.
You don't have to put an arm out or anything, just eye contact
The defeat at Gallipoli actually birthed the Australian identity.
Magaluf is the new Australia, it's an overseas prison for unwanted British folk :'D
*If* the war wouldn't go nuclear.
It's interesting how different cultures perceive animal sounds
Girls are not as easy as they are in the US or in Australia (except for the UK).
Pinot Noir - Grapes and Wines from Australia
Oh my that's a very long list
He's not exactly pro-Russia but not a rabid Russophobe, that's for sure.
There are other ways of saying it too, but still pretty common to say shall
They are centre to centre-left, except for the welfare part
Since when was Turkey part of Europe
Here it is
With luck, maybe you'll find a few days to squeeze into the east.
Skipping and repeating years is also not uncommon so you can get a mix of people from 17 - 19 in your final year (although usually if someone has repeated a grade they probably would drop out earlier), a guy in the grade above me was really smart and finished at 16 although I think it was a special case
Jokes on them, I know German, and smiled st them and kissed my boyfriend to piss them off
There are soooo many English loanwords in other languages which mean nothing like the original English word
Mainly Italy for inventing nutella
Without a work visa that's illegal
This is often brought up in conversation about Scomo and he has not confirmed or denied it
Also I think when you have access to so many different cuisines, your bowels tend to get used to different foods
The area around the nordic sea is the whitest and everyone is more brown, tanned, olive, yellow than them.
Can we pick sharks
Sorry to hear about your circumstances.
It's fine to make a law that only harms foreign companies provided that the country isn't doing it *just* to harm those companies.
More like 'Woodj' with a hard J at the end
12 apostles, the rock formation, is in Australia off the great ocean road...
But with coffee, tea or similar things I enjoy it
We take such matters very seriously
so Kingdom of Denmark then
globalchat
Bent Motel’s offer affordable and luxurious accommodation facilities in Grafton, Australia.
That's an interesting way of seeing it.
I suspect it could but I'm not an angry Dutch mob in 1672 so what would I know
(Not sure how great it would be in February, though.)
Local doesn't produce the refined rare earth metals or even the couple of resources which you can only extract by destroying "local" ecosystems (Africa, Australia, West China, East Russia) and turning them into wastelands.
Regardless of what you think about the decision personally, it was a political one based on popular opinion, without intent to harm the company.
Do I do winter clothes or summer clothes ?
I'll follow up with a post to where I stayed.
Not sure where that puts them in European politics.
We only get the hellishly hot days a few times each year.
Woy Woy
Champ = You're a fuckwit
I would watch the shit out of that
I really want to visit New Zealand eventually.
The Duchy of Poland probably defined Poland along with the Lech/Czech/Rus legend
Also- anything sound of music based in Salzburg
you arent expecting our
Gas leak
The movements you are citing are a thing of the past.
And a Scottish king formed a union between England and Scotland, but Scotland was the junior partner
I was posted to East Timor with the Australian army in 2010.
>mfw I see 12 posts about America bombing Iran and how WW3 is now on the horizon
Top comment an answer from Spain
Same with Flemish VB: they're pretty much allies of the Jewish community in Antwerp for whom security is a priority and although they disagree with gay rights, they have declared that the discussion about it is over and they won't fight any rights that are already legal.
Why
The only person I could think of that would be hated as much as Scomo would be Martin Bryant who slaughtered 35 innocent people in cold blood in 1996
I heard the Dutch one first so it sounds far more natural to me, just perspective I suppose
True, thankyou for correcting me
If you narrate videos out loud people are going to think you're a goof.
>Before that, I'd just use less with everything
Every brutal dictator and tyrant has his silver lining
No pay, but it's a place to stay and there's usually perks like free beer.
Edit: this can also include dental hygienists
At the same time because so few women want to participate in porn, women are exploited via human trafficking, drugs, debts, mental issues ect
“The grass is always greener on the other side” is the saying we have in English
Considering healthy discussion on immigration is not being xenophobic.
And all with similar education and average earnings.
I was wondering how many countries in Europe which still have conscription only conscript males?
Americans actually do have the opportunity to extend the Australian WHV now.
I'm in love with the Netherlands though
It was a little Suzuki Jimny
Because American's are the only ones with GoPros?
And it's no coincidence that it's the flight with the least luxurious fitout.
The UK and Australia fell for their circumcision propaganda initially too.
You're just all drunk aren't you
Spend my weekends in Sweden, Norway and the Netherlands
They pull reasons out of a hat.
There is a reason why most pornstars are fucked up, whether that be because of exploitation, drugs, mental issues or some other problem in their life
As far as I know, Australia's immigration system is mostly on a point system - I would imagine that it's easier if you have a company willing to sponsor you but I don't know.
When have you last heard far left doing any damage
Austria is Australia (especially the stupid line from dumb and dumber "throw a shrimp on the barbie...").
I ve changed to frikandel and blulet though.
I find people often tend to have a 'utilitarian' opinion about things that really is just a convenient excuse for why they don't like said thing.
If you want to be part of the EU, this is exactly what you are going to do.
We just use 'Ok' 95% of the time
Still way too clean tbh
However, you never know what's the real reason in her mind to adopt such a "warmly welcomed" policy.
believe me, there are many other countries in Europe that don't even get to live a life that you italians have
Nothing new
The Australians, Kiwis, Canadians, and the rest of the commonwealth would not have been there without Britain
I also find it so odd that such a huge, and old, country doesn't have accents/dialects
House-swap with me in Australia so I can finally leave this horrid sweatbox.
It's a pity we don't get to see what life looks like for so many people and we should make an effort to seek out their stories
Neither of those will work without internet access
You are released from juvenile prison, and not long after you end up there again
if I had any artistic skill I'd love to do an Australian version (I sent it to an artist friend who might
Not sure if it's popular, but it's delicious if you're after something 'different'.
He isn’t in an EU country
One day it can be 40 during the day, cool change in the evening can drop down to 20 in an hour or so
And vice-versa
Saw the WC final in a pub in Ghent that was full of saffers, was pretty impressive to hear
It is far too American for my liking
Well eucalyptus oil is toxic to animals that haven't evolved to tolerate it, so unless they imported some koalas along with the trees it's not that strange that there wouldn't be much in the way of wildlife in them
Straight from Wikipedia
in a mega-hurricane
Last year I travelled around SEA and Australia for 5 months, here are a few of my favorite photos!
"we gotta stop this European war thing").
London: one of the richest cities in the world, but roads of Roman standards
I know the UK's and obviously recognise the French when i hear it but don't know the words
There's nothing even close to this landscape in Australia.
Don’t come to coastal NSW then, unless you want to experience +25°C in humid heat
Rather than there being two English speaking European Union members with a Common Law legal system, there will soon only be one.
I.e I could be at home in Australia, whereas France just feels foreign.
Do you know of any examples on YouTube
Whereas it is a generic Mid west American Accent or something funky like the Jamaican Accent, we are all used to natives speaking English differently
they did still give Trump 2% chance which is way more than gambling companies which have strong financial incentive to be as accurate as possible gave to Leicester before the season, or Greece before the Euro 2004 losing all previous games at tournaments.
They should have their own
Don't see why the Fillon team would need to be putting subtle subliminal messages
Just like privacy
I expected Singapore to be bigger
Sucked in New Zealand, don’t even produce the most kiwi fruit
The US doesn't have a contactless limit at all, even for contactless cards.
Usually happens in mountainous countries
Australia is a big country and I don't live in a tourist hot spot (although tourism is growing where I live) I'd say Sydney and Melbourne
Andalusia is stunning, amazing architecture there which is very different to what you'll see elsewhere in Spain and Europe.
I like [these bus ones]
We went to the zoo today & although the temperature only got up 33c it still fucking sucked (it's been high 30s/low 40s all week and it's going back up pretty soon)
Do not wear a
So flights from the east coast will go via Perth to the domestic terminal to make it easier and avoid transfering from Domestic terminal to international.
Australia and Canada are quiet at the moment...
That's rare nowadays
Because Australians like to watch it.
It's a suprisinly hard thing to catch, in [the recent 7/11 under payment scandal in Australia] part of the under paying was by having people pay back half their wage after being paid the legal wage, it was a mutally beneficial system for the employer and employee that they opted in to.
Are all the letters silent
Yes but no
But I completely understand how you feel because I tried my hand at learning Swedish and I'm shit at it :P
Close to nature and the big lake, the castle where Copernicus worked etc
One of the few times I've seen a snake in the wild in Europe was out there
Having an extant actual caliphate existing might have prevented the rise of radical revivalist Islamist movements obsessed with bringing back the caliphate (i.e.
Instead of blaming reptilian aliens, you're blaming US for your paranoid false-flagging delusions.
Anytime I'm in a new city this is what I do.
What percentage of the average journey would the route from Dublin to Rotterdam be?
Youse guys don’t understand how good you have it
lotta people in a smol area and looks amazing from space at night
I mean, I could understand if we were talking about previous centuries but things were changing way too fast during from 1815 to 1914.
Ya I know my phrasing
Gooloogong
I spent 6 months road tripping and only really saw 2 states.
In U.S.A., where there is 'free' press, it is not illegal to do so (per se).
In the unlikely even you do get bored you can go up to Slovenia and paraglide over the Julian Alps or into Venice I guess.
We're not going to change the word because of it
We stayed at an incredible over the top, 5 star place in Hue Vietnam, in the honeymoon suite, for like $70USD a night.
Did you build shelving and bunks in the back?
I guess the whole of Australia must be in the German countryside
The former organized and bombed Paris and Brussels, the latter didn't (except for one or two guys out the 8).
I don't want a nasty surprise at the airport.
Latest poll show Wilders' PVV down to about 14%.
Should've put the american flag to trigger them harder.
Because to be fair, It is only really the coasts of Australia that are inhabited.
I thought it was going to be very NSFW xD
You can easily catch a ferry to Fukuoka from Busan btw.
It's a LOT less acceptable than Australia.
I can't speak for Contiki or Intrepid but G Adventures only employs locals.
But without it, it is a hell of stickiness and anger.
Having a yearly chance to kick England's ass?
but if you supported Stalin or Mao.
WeSmart
Why should Brits get freedom of movement when Canadians or Australians can't?
That last one is so important I can't stress it enough.
Also known as all of human history
I can't wait for you to fuck off back to Turkey and be laughed at by real Turks for your pretensions.
It can be, considering that England has plenty of soft power in Canada and Australia.
Trudeau in Canada seems pretty leftist
Which countries are actually using imperial.
Reminds me of this opera song
No offence but I find that Italians tend to be pretty parochial about your food lol
Maybe commonwealth countries
Nevermind
Not European but New Zealand and Australia have alot of banter
Yeah, 'fuck all' or 'jack shit' rather than 'shit all'.
I mean there’s only so often I can rug up with a cup of hot milo and tell myself “well isn’t this fucking comfy” while trying not to cry lol
I love it
Kayaking the Snowy River - South-Eastern Australia - Travel Vlog EP5
The entire Limburgish wiki is basically Dutch Limburgish only, a bit of a shame.
I probably won't end up moving, at least not for a good amount of time.
I've backpacked the region three times - at 18, 19, and 20.
This happened only once the police left.
You have a whole day planned for activities, but by 1pm you are just fucked and want to go hide somewhere with aircon
But when you're waking up in 35 degree weather at 6am and by 10am - 11am it's 40 degrees and 90%+ humidity, it kinda makes you want to end your bitter existence.
The idea of seeing Trump being dragged out of the White House is amusing too
Dude, your references are out of control.
Bloody Euros, claiming the whole planet again /s
Fuck I wish we had true winters like this
It's a much smaller city than Paris but is the second biggest city in France (either that or it's the third..
Happy yuri night
Politically, they have nothing on the European influence.
Um I’m not aware of any thermal clothing designed to keep you cool but that’s a good idea for when it gets above 30 with no breeze
I'd say we have alot in common with Europe including Britain and less in common with the US (we do like their reality tv though it seems).
IDK, if you ask Americans about Austria (and they realize you aren't talking about Australia) they'd probably just say "oh, that's where The Sound of Music took place." So you can have that as well.
Not weird in being bad, but in being 'odd'.
In Australia I think 'french kissing' would be the most common term
Hello
Outside of Europe it would be New Zealand and Australia.
I, on the other hand, think this sorta stuff is fascinating
He lives in a retirement village now, and is still remarkably physically and mentally fit for someone of his age
Australia is anglophone country.
I was able to subscribe as an Australian with my Australian address?
How do you sell that to your people though.
com/at/politics (if en-EN locale) and globalchat
This is coming from a guy who has been too 164 out of the 195 UN countries.
And then winter comes
Many companies, particularly larger ones, will also sponsor emigration outside the EU if you want to move to another of their offices - that's how two of my mates have moved to Australia, one from Australia, one to America and one to S.Africa.
I'm not fond of coffee so I couldn't say if he's right or not!
They tried to plant their crops in Autumn(failing to take account of the reversal of the seasons when moving from the top half of the planet to the bottom), ate all their food, and a lot of them died
I thought he had no arms but his child was steering the bike and he was just peddling
Australian cities have more in common with American or Canadian cities.
Oops, I’m lost - this is r/askeurope
As an ex-Dutchie I'm glad to see some Dutch people here realising shit is fucking on fire
My husband and I are considering it as a plan when our current job contracts are up (about 2 years from now).
They may take our lives, but they'll never take
Not European and not about culture but I genuinely like New Zealand's Government
The EU is Australia's third largest trading partner after China/Japan; now with TPP dead maybe they'll look towards us and China to make up the difference.
Hmmm, interesting, this seems a conditioned trend.
Of course many countries that describe said countries as 'uncooperative' would be 'uncooperative' with such a solution.
Did they count the recent one in Crimea as Russia or Ukraine on this map
$90 (EUR63) for 25gb a month, but my download speed in Central Sydney is typically 150mbps down, but slowly things are getting cheaper in Australia..
95765472% which is still 1
It depends the restaurant, at McDonalds or some bar it’s not weird but if it’s at some high end restaurant then it would be out of the ordinary
Many are lamenting how old colonial buildings from the 1800's were torn down for horrid monstrosities from the 60's..
My busabout tour guide took us to this exact tea/coffee place when we were in Sarajevo, lovely owners & an amazing tea
I find it all fairly fascinating
You seemed to imply only English does this, maybe I misunderstood
There are far more trains than that between WAS and NYC each day.
also all the WW1/2 wrecks too
You quite often can't see what's going on inside the teeth
For a long time, I thought an aubergine was a different thing to an eggplant lol
Wow, that's a lot of anecdotal evidence.
If so, why would you worry at all about gaining access to the US?
I was in a forest area quite early in the morning and on the ground many dry leaves so I think it was sleeping and I must have disturbed it.
And it's very easy to get a VISA as a doctor/nurse to Australia.
I came to the comment section hoping for a serious analysis on the likelihood of Australia achieving EU membership.
There aren't many other countries out there that can claim that they've produced successful, advanced democracies like Australia, Canada and New Zealand.
Whaaat
The idea of seeing Trump being dragged out of the White House is amusing too
And much much more room for growth
Of the native English speakers, i find British accents to be hardest to understand.
Sure that was the same reasoning that Assange was not extradited too
Scone rhymes with "Don" in Australia.
Hmm now I want to hear Australian's thoughts on it.
Having lived in numerous countries it is something that I've learned to appreciate.
Well it was given to the head porter and he distributed to the rest (I assume).
You show up to get your name marked off and leave the cards blank or draw dicks on it or write a short message etc
Any scientist knows that if you get labeled as alarmist then you'll be perceived as an outlier and won't get any research funding.
...countries that have broadly similar political structures and systems; and that also tend to cherish the values of parliamentary government, individual liberty, the rule of law and the free market.
It's weird that Australia ranks higher than Any eu country bar luxumberg and the Netherlands, really shows the lost decade of growth the EU had post 2008 that we were lucky enough to miss out on.
I guess the whole of Australia must be in the German countryside
What the fuck does Turkey think it can do?
So here's one thing: the ESTA conditions changed last year as I explained in my post.
"Is that so
Mostly families from just across the border in Germany, but also a lot of British, Australian, American and Canadian young travellers who get a tip about our city while in Amsterdam.
Of all the cars
They're all English-speaking social democracies with a shared legal and political heritage.
I guess thats the same thing with English town names that end with town and ville (Campbelltown, Skyville, etc) and in Russia some places end with grad (Leningrad, Stalingrad, etc)
Google it
Pretty sure it's higher than that, the more popular brands are around $35-ish
Canada does this with the United Kingdom and Australia.
I left Poland 30 years ago but Piłsudski was quite popular
But this area is what caused France and French to be butthurt towards Germany from 1871 to 1918.
Oh, now they say the Referendum is legally meaningless because London Bankers are bitching and some people signed petitions on the internet ?!!!
At night we get barred bandicoots that leave small holes in the yard, wallabies, owls and probably more but I don't see them
It's not though, they edited it after the post, multiple people have mentioned this
This exists in Australia too but I don't think it's regional and it seems like dinner is taking over anyway
Not being pedantic but the royals are mentioned in a later news bulletin
Brexiters are a seriously wacky group of weirdos.
Consider swiss roll or sushi rolls
My uncle went about November last year.
Once or twice is fine, but it's become a massive trend lately and I hate it
In the linguistics unit I took at university, the word vowel referred to letters and the phrase 'vowel sounds' was used to refer distinguish the two meanings
I've met a few Northern Irish in my time and none of them could speak it (aside from some basic words)
Had no idea Christmas Eve was the main celebration in most of Europe
Well I just my own bach with
Really appreciate it
Just try and get yourself a Europe holiday every July and August and then you enjoy the best of both worlds
I am also a 20 year old guy, born and raised on vancouver island.
I almost have to compare the US to EU because there isn't a lot of other similary developed countries, Australia and Japan come to mind but I don't know a lot about them.
Except they don't. They conveniently shift the cost of healthcare and retirement to deductions from their salary rather than included in income tax
So when is Australia joining the EU then?
Australia's politics are rather divided.
It's very rare to call someone anything other than their first name, even children call adults by first name (unless it's a teacher)
That's really sad, it's by far the most interesting place I've ever been to
But once you start studying the dictionary and seeing things that make 0 sense and then you hear different dialects
Australia has had strict immigration policies
Sorry to tell you this, but she's about as real as Robin Hood
Which country is this
" (Not his actual words) So he founded the Australian Federal Police (Aussie FBI) and got these guys to find the guy who threw an egg at him
Just go to Laos, Indonesia, China, Thailand.
Nyarri Morgan was an Aboriginal man who's family had been living in South Australia for 10s of thousands of years
Mount Misery
Correct
I'm betting anyone is safer in a "bad" European neighbourhood than a "bad" neighbourhood in the US.
He does very well when paired with a comedian that makes him seem funny
My time in Australia is limited to Sydney, the Whitsundays, the Blue Mountains, and the Hunter wine region.
Is it possible that the outcome of the Dutch election could influence the French election?
But they probably won't be going to the UK just out of nostalgia.
Great way of restoring and maintaining the old buildings
Honest question, my cousin seems to enjoy it
Britain is probably the guy who’s threatened to quit 3 years ago and is standing by the door trying to renegotiate their exit terms while everyone else is staring at them waiting for them to sign the document
Not to say you haven't seen this, I am just a little surprised to hear this..
This would also apply to the "just take them back to Lybia" argument.
It's mostly dominated by American and British film, TV, and music, but Canada, Australia, and NZ have their looks in as well, particularly in music: Justin Bieber, Kylie, Lorde.
Beautiful
Unless you apply Sub-Saharan standards of growth to Western countries.
We also visited the Golden Eagle festival in Olgii, easily the highlight of the trip.
I grew up reading them inAustralia :D
Nowadays it's still an important country, but nothing like in the past.
To me Finnish sounds made up on the spot
Of course, migration occurs all over the globe and has for as long as humans have been around, but I tend to think the whole "melting pot" idea and the fact that the U.S.
It should be *Nigellus pædicetur* or similar.
The CSIRO (Australia's national science agency) invented WIFI
In any hypothetical war involving 5th generation fighters America would have to carry the brunt of air superiority operations against enemy aircraft.
Do not under any circumstances suggest that the beer is imperfect, unless you are comparing it to another kind of Australian beer
And yes, I feel Russia is certainly culturally European.
Fucking bs
Generally a synonym for Fort (fort=strong in latin).
Award winning beaches and dive locations, cultural and historic landmarks, Safari tours(Aruba's north side is comparable to dry, arid Australia), Skydiving(beautiful experience), excellent local cuisine, caves, dunes etc etc
I feel like it's an Anglo thing as us, Britain, Canada, and Australia have super comprehensive race and ethnicity statistics.
Heres hoping for 2022
All scouts are "expected" to have their red cord by the time they reach venturers, but I was a little cunt and never got it out of spite and laziness
In 10 years times Australia may be contributing to the EU budget...
Mandarin Chinese, Arabic, and German
Holy shit, the best we can get in my country is approx.
That's ok
Hey guys I've been trying to find a cheaper alternative than spending £500+ for a return flight to Australia.
Scott Morrison, our current prime minister, he basically did everything he could to ignore (or undermine) the bushfire crisis we had in January and February
Australians [tried that] before.
Haha, Asturian actually, not Austrian.
At present the challenge is the F-110, the future Spanish Frigate that will have to perform new capacities and missions in a changing and challenging international scenario.
Let them have their own land
There's still a few nations that simply aren't ready to replace their jets, but have said they're interested in getting F-35s; Belgium and Finland for example are having competitions soon, with the F-35 a prime contender.
Today it’s 25 c in Perth and I’m wearing long sleeves and pants
and wow you weren’t kidding
Spain and Portugal are friendly with most of Latin America.
I believe everyone should be allowed to come here on their own merits with respect to the skill-sets they bring to contribute to our society, but not simply because they were born in one of the other 27 EU member states.
Vaguely related: In year 6 my school tried to teach us to "touch type" and use both hands on the keyboard when using a computer
Australia, NZ and canada are basically the only countries in the world that can do better alone.
Canada, NZL and Australia have over 60 million residents combined and they have their own issues, too - I don't think free movement would be a great idea.
They're opening up almoat unrestricted immigration from and to Australia, new Zeeland and Canada.
And thank you Scotland for all the funny tweets
A referendum with 40% turnout isn't a referendum, it's an opinion poll
But as of now, i suspect dropping them free in north africa instead of europe would go a long way
Too many differences
The Turks here saying how biased this subreddit is and how “Turkey bad, Greece good” it is, but when I go on r/Turkey, there’s 50 posts straight of the invasion
Could be a tradition from around that time that stuck.
Sun comes up at 10am and goes down again at 3pm
According to Iranian law my nationality is Iranian, according to Australian law my nationality is Australian.
We also went in the shoulder season, so that brought the price down a little too
Keep in mind that not everything EU is in Schengen (like UK and Ireland as mentioned above) and not everything Schengen is EU (i.e.
Australia: Whitlam giving sand to an Aboriginal elder
The same reason you didn't march when someone opened fire on a mosque in New Zealand, all on live stream
The British did not for example fight long drawn out wars after WWII to hold its colonial possessions.
If Russia would attack the Baltics then that would be the end of Russia as free state.
There are countries were such a journey makes sense (USA, Australia) and others where it simply does not.
Do people in your contry find it sexist that only males must be conscripted?
An inconvenient truth
Why not Zaire, Denmark, Singapore, Mongolia, Tunisia, Australia, or whoever else?
~Douglas Adams
That doesn't explain the modern state of affairs though.
We are usually pretty good at this stuff but having never visited Aus we are worried about planning this/whether it is too rushed/are we making the most of the destinations.
I collect pins and bird feathers for mine, it's awesome
Australian: surely they can't be serious about this right?
I'm sure /r/vexillology/ would like this
the Muslims living in France right now are not exactly trying their best to integrate.
Usually for Christmas eve we have BBQ and traditional Ham for Christmas.
We just say 'just right'
Although the social-democrats (Labor) were leading the polls by 10% in the polls compared to the conservatves (Liberal).
I find the Dutch/German structure truely bizarre
That's very interesting and good to hear
They said they were gonna leave Australia too if we passed some laws lmao
Haha, as expected
China is investing heavily in renewable energy and so are major European countries like Germany.
Well, to be fair, they're usually nerds that love that kinda thing
Because many Western countries have made it far too economically enticing for peoples from around the world to come
Australia is known to be one of the toughest countries on Earth in the way they enforce their immigration laws.
Waltzing Matilda is the unofficial Australian national anthem
Why would the free press propagate fascist views that are *against* the freedom of speech and press?
I have relatives who talk up San Patricio (Jalisco, Mexico) a lot, and that sounds like it's exactly what you're looking for.
The Soviets never publicised the MoP, instead they promised continually that they would achieve communism soon (Like China does today despite having the 2nd highest amount of billionaires in the world)
Obviously hasn't read a history book, or looked into Polish history between 1939-45
Exactly
Throw in the other European powers and they had a very disproportionate influence around the world.
Australia has no equivalent of American Ivy League schools.
So, no one cares that it frequently abandonds democratic principles whenever it suits itself?
Welcome to my blog about my financial journey in Melbourne, Australia (Originally from India).
In Australia, I'm pretty sure we cut welfare payments for people who refuse to vaccinate their kids
But I completely understand how you feel because I tried my hand at learning Swedish and I'm shit at it :P
wages in Germany have increased only very recently and are still very low relative to productivity
You are a young Aboriginal boy, around 9 or 10, who lives in a tiny town in Western Australia, out in the desert
*map shows the UK doing well*
I don't understand why people think it's hard in English
They include, (in addition to the UK) Canada, Australia, New Zealand, and several Caribbean islands.
Hahah I guess I will have to stick with that
Or woman-raping gold showers for that matter.
What's the best city in South Australia?
Hi I was hoping to get some advice.
Oh ffs jist give this dude enough rope to hang himself.
Ding ding ding, same thing with Europe.
Aussie here, why do you think we're notorious for constantly changing PM's?
Obviously those are generalisations but most of Europe is not comparable to India
My partner & I stayed at an Airbnb in Barcelona, sharing the house with the owner
It's a shame, really cool language and everything
The gross misgovernace was because Columbus had failed to extract enough gold and because of complaints of fellow Spaniards
I love it
Haha
The British also had a history of exploration and conquest, so lots of whites ended up there.
Belgium doing quite badly, no surprise: high taxes leading to low net salaries, yet in contrast to Germany those lower salaries aren't compensated by lower prices at all.
Only a Sith deals in absolutes.
This time Poland will do the partitioning now
I think most people don't care about having women as leaders, they just want someone they can rally behind that represent their views.
So there are different opinions.
New Zealand, only we are allowed to make fun of them
I guess I play too much HOI4 or EU4
But I think it's cool
The British I would say treated Australia alright, maybe except in Ww1 sending us to our deaths in Turkey because it’s lot like it was British boys dying
Plus we hold the lion's share of the world's uranium and a good chunk of the coal
When I was growing up we didn't have air-con at home or school and we used to wear a wet tea cloth around our necks & I used to sleep on a wrung out wet towel
Unless your work involves some kind of toxic or noisy process
Hundreds of EU officials would have to fly to Australia.
I think he is a very smart guy, and although I think his spending surge is stupid, a part of me thinks it might boost the French economy because spending worked in USA with Obama and Australia with Kevin Rudd.
And then they report on the place.
So recently flew into Europe from Australia, landed in Heathrow and got a connection to Austria.
I think you're right, this will be his last term
If the rebels infiltrate Mariupol would the Ukrainian government not use force to drive them out?
Iceland - Icelish
Did he not just say no exceptions?
-Why is there no Santa claus in Australia?
I'm not still with that guy thank goodness, but one always stumbles across people who speak the language and now I know one phrase
We just use 'Ok' 95% of the time
I had a great time, with only one weird experience
About then the sheep arrived, and have been treasured ever since
Comfortably fapped to this
The next most favourably regarded country, the US, was way behind on 31 per cent.
But yeah, go to central or south of Europe if you want to have the guarantee of nice weather
Not very much from the Nordic languages, only a few words that sound similar to English, but I understand a fair amount of German and a little bit of Flemish because I am currently learning German for my trip to Austria this year
I enjoyed Naples, probably because I was expecting the worst but was pleasantly surprised by the decayed charm of the place
Omg same and The Very Hungry Caterpillar too
Too many immigrants in the EU, why not form a union with Canada, Australia, and New Zealand, the states that have the highest rates of immigration in the world?
Which was now that think back on it, really fucken cool
Here, muslims don't even get onto the street in the first place.
Jesus are you really comparing Belgium to India?
I looked at some of the earlier years and obviously knew a lot of those
A bit extreme
Just teasing the Slovenian guy ;p
Thank you, but I'm looking for letters from outside of Australia :) Most of our kids are Air Force kids who have lived in several states already.
A sausage wrapped up in a slice of white bread, with tomato sauce and onions
Bitchin' tram, fam
For example te median net worth of an Australian is ten time the median net worth of someone in the US.
I've always found the brand conscious way of dressing a bit gross, so I'm glad Milan isn't like that
Canada, NZ, Australia, or the US.
We rarely write 'okay' either, but I think that's the 'proper' way to write it
Some say the Greeks or Russians say they are the heirs of the Romans, but based on history, it  probably was the North Italians or Greeks
Brexit does not, of itself, change the efficacy or purpose of sanctions or the ultimate truth that they need to be co-ordinated by the West.
Probs like Glaswegian or some shit
- Cold Chisel: An all around good band from the 70s/80s, wrote one of my favourite songs which is Khe Sahn
As far as I know erasmus is between European universities and has nothing to do with your citizenship but rather where you're studying.
Anyone who comes by boat, even if found to be a legitimate refugee, is refused settlement in Australia.
You don't think it'll go like the Eurovision Song Contest and admit Australia?
At least the rest of the sub understands...
I met a Swede playing rugby in holland, seemed pretty unusual
I want to visit before it gets too modernized (people say it won't be, but I've traveled too much to believe that!)
I would imagine this would be much cheaper than simply shipping it to Australia if you want it to arrive in a timely manner.
There will be a security check.
Herd of camels passing in front of Khongorin Sand Dunes, Gobi Desert, Mongolia
Hey don't point out a problem with something I said
I am assuming they do, as it's the same in Australia.
If you're into nature then you could go see/hike the Atlas Mountains, if you wanted to see the Sahara that's also possible (but it'll be a 3 day venture - it's about a 12 hr ride from Marrakesh so you'll want to stay overnight) Essaouria and Agadir are other nice coastal cities further down south toward Marrakesh.
It might be bigger than some countries but it's also isolated
It's a bit weird reading these comments
(composers nerd help out here please)
To be fair, on Twitter I saw hordes of Europeans abusing Trump supporters as well in the lead-up to the U.S.
I hate it because I like Britain and British people.
In light of Sweden reintroducing conscription: countries with conscription and sexism...
Le Roi, la Loi, la Liberté !
That sounds like Sydney weather.
You mean other than the closing of the balkan route this year which made free movement of refugees from greece into central europe practically impossible, for example?
No reason for it, sometimes I just feel like using one, sometimes the other
So I imagine I would definitely be doing some blogging while we traveled.
We did try and change the name of our money to dollarydoos once
I've met a few Northern Irish in my time and none of them could speak it (aside from some basic words)
It's like the China of Europe when it comes to treatment of animals
The idea that the British used Australians and Kiwis as though they were expendable because they were from "the colonies" is a false and gross misrepresentation of history.
Because they would need to make more agreements with various companies.
Is anti-Slovakism common among the oldest profession?
There is the little, tiny problem of resources.
Last year I spent a month in thailand and this march I will be going to Japan for a month (coming back to aus after to finish my visa).
damn that’s interesting
Still waiting for Australia or new Zealand
It will only go through if a majority agree with you, so it's not like you're imposing something on the community (or are a "cunt" in the charming vocabulary of this subreddit).
Existing outside of a city
This idiocy has to stop but sadly it will get a lot harder to deport them to turkey now.
He said "somewhere around here right?" whilst pointing at Europe.
Not as corrupt as say India, Indonesia and other developing countries
Australia isn't even in the EU so...
Even Australia make it FeelsBadMan.jpg
So I wouldn't worry too much
What I mean is that it sounds like you guys use the back of you throat and seem to have your tongue lower when you start a sentence
I suspect it could but I'm not an angry Dutch mob in 1672 so what would I know
The ones that survived learned respect for the balance of nature, man's proper place in the scheme of things, and spiders
Why is central Anatolia and all of the Middle East desert
Tthe [Australian] solution exists to this problem and has worked [successfully] for that country.
If a vegan isn't militant about it, I see no reason to make fun of them.
Super common in Australia as well!
Lots of Australians too if you feel homesick.
Of course there were they weren't going to let Chechnya remain independent.
How does it look for foreign language other than English
They are all more global than all those multicultural 100k man cities in europe or the US
This isn't a breakup with your highschool girlfriend where you "win" by making her friends hate her
So nations should not be importing millions of poor (Like the US does) but only importing skilled workers like (Australia does).
if the US didnt hold that military power would they have the same economic power?
A tea bag stays in a cup longer
Yeah but for hotels while travelling cards are the way to go.
Especially at noon
50,000 years old country checking in to say "we all have different replies to this comment but there's no doubt it's a good one"
'Strayan reporting, I *fucking love* Asterix
In the 1940s, somebody through an egg at the prime minister's head during a rally, he got so furious he got the police to investigate it and find whoever was responsible
Woah, you live in the Canary islands
I'm getting started on planning out my travelling during my two week break during my semester abroad in Australia.
By the second day, the third church, the fourth museum, the fifth restaurant, you've exhausted what makes that culture/country unique.
>as a global language would just diverge into new languages after a while
Is that Cumann na mBan, specifically
Norway also exports hundreds of billions of NOK in oil and gas
Every brutal dictator and tyrant has his silver lining
Brexit isn't bad enough to warrant leaving the country.
This motel located in central Grafton
Mr feet and inches and miles...
Yet again I also couldn't tell the difference between Australia and Africa on a map and I thought Alaska was part of Canada
It doesn't really make any sense that people from far poorer countries with very different cultures can immigrate without any limits just because they are in the EU, while people from e.g.
Hawaiian shirt
For a small state there's a lot going on.
You don't fuck with anything related to bakery here.
In the low 20s for me
You have to travel so far to just get some sunlight then, unless the grid is orientated in a certain way.
” if you’re not dead
European people are quite alike when compared to other nations, even if you include the US and Australia.
He gave up his citizenship 2 decades prior as you can't be a foreign national to be a member of parliament
It's almost like different languages have different meanings for words
It’s like you guys and Africa got all the big, dangerous, Will-chase-you-down-and-eat-you animals, we got the small but stupidly venemous ones, and Europe’s just chillin’.
I visited Copenhagen since and spoke to some CBS students and regretted my decision somewhat
I was invited to go to on this trip with a mapping company - QLD Australia
Thankyou for this insight
Shatner was just the worst
Queenslander or Darwinian
But "average" shows us that an "average" American is
This is an opinion piece by one Australian journalist.
What are you doing outside of /r/everton
The gap between the way the royals/aristocracy/upper class speak and the way the 'commoners' speak is getting less and less each year
German also looks very tough
This is something that is absolutely lost on most Europeans.
FYI: Nobody has died from a spider bite since the 70s, and most of the snakes are really chill, they just sort of stare at you for 30 seconds and then they piss off
An Australian tourist who doesn't harass the other hostel visitors
Trump ralks shit about the media, Erdoğan imprisons journalists.
There's plenty of English speaking foreigners there already.
Australia has its own policy when it comes to foreigners
Once I knew I was going home from Australia, I quit my job and went here.
I know the UK's and obviously recognise the French when i hear it but don't know the words
There is also the matter of the beaches
I think it's frozen in time now
The PM's cabinet is an advisory role, it isn't recognised by the Australian constitution, and neither is the position of PM
I don't speed because I'm in a hurry, I speed if I'm moving with the flow of traffic or if I'm in the middle of nowhere because it's fun
What about shipments of wheat from Australia surely some part of it could have been used in India.
It is very easy to get a self employment visa here and many Americans/Canadians/Australians do it every year.
Hahah, I wish we had the European definition of a heatwave
History nerds, why is the white population of Australia so predominately Anglo compared to countries like America and Canada?
It's interesting to hear from a resident of Donbass because I've only talked to someone from Kharkov.
British Isles Economic Alliance incoming
Lots of people to speak Chinese with in Australia, too
Keep in mind that's 365 consecutive days, not a calendar year.
A principled stand rather than a pragmatic approach paved the way for Hitler's rise to power,
You're trying to ridicule me but I'm receiving contrasting information, so it's very reasonable for me to be confused.
I think it's great
Basically everything to do with the First Nations/Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people
Like going to museums and such?
If this is not safe, is bottled water cheap and readily available?
It's always dusk in Sweden as well
I'm not saying Europe should get down on their keens but they should try and help share burden of NATO not dramatically but putting so much pressure on the US is unfair when combined EU has amount the same size GDP as the US.
Ireland, Australia, New Zealand and the UK used to have ha'pennies too (half pennies).
We went to the zoo today & although the temperature only got up 33c it still fucking sucked (it's been high 30s/low 40s all week and it's going back up pretty soon)
They're already not refugees anymore but migrants as they passed through safe third countries on the way.
As a UK passport holder, you can get an eVisitor visa for no charge.
Coming from Australia to UK (Newcastle Area).
[I actually made this image a few years ago
I must be really unlucky, I've lived in apartments in circular quay, brisbane CBD, the Adelaide suburbs and Perth CBD in the past 20 years and never had a location with good internet
How is UCLouvain seen
The sun set 25 minutes ago
It's not the Australian's fault is it?
It's kind of interesting how we generally only look at the one section of history we are most familiar with and are surprised when we find out that other things happened during that time as well
Denmark, the brains of Scandinavia
Me: a native English speaker : *chooses french*.
Yes, but it's not Dutch Limburgish, but Belgian Limburgish.
Mostly the stolen generations but there was a whole lot more fucked up shit
And I thought inner Sydney was crowded
The Chechen invasion of Dagestan was the main pretext for the second war not the bombings
They were complaining about the mutilation of there fellow colonists
Well thats whom I meant
I’m still wearing wool socks
I didn't encounter too many people along the way when I went, so it was a beautiful
I do still have a travel money card from my last trip but the fees added up to be quite a lot after looking into it properly and why I'd probably rather cash mainly, plus the hassle of having to sign on most things done (from memory)
Alas, to smaller
All the benefits of decimal, and of the divisibility of twelve (which would be named "ten")
Wait, are the descendants of African slaves and European prisoners who live in the Americans and Australia considered natives sine they were forcefully brought there?
Now I know that it means in Italian, but if I didn't, I would think answering with pronto is rude, like saying "hurry up
Hmm story confirmed
Was it the same in Canada
Tie a chain (like what you use on a gate or bike) or something between two trees, run full speed at it
It's going to cost them money, but the hospitals are much better.
Australia & New Zeland Cruise Tour
Also most of us are first or second generation Europeans
You have to be flexible with dates though.
If the US, Britain and Russia are banding together, it may be time for a closer EU-China relationship, maybe even a free trade agremeent if at all possible, sure the ideology may be different, but it is time for practical politics now.
Literally all of those are still common and used in Australia lol
Wouldn’t be weird,  makes sense to me
Although I believe that American development firms were involved in the planning of Australian suburbs in the 50's and 60's.
Any news on whether or not the age limit for Australian working holiday visas will be raised to 35?
Yea true
Now I kinda wanna know what Kiwi’s are taught
Well the French-English relationship just got a whole lot more interesting
pretty sure that's racism bud
The pay here is excellent and the work is plentiful.
Will be in Bali one week with family before heading to Java solo and then going to Vietnam.
Yep, he's 91 years old this year and has had quite the interesting life
IS and Taliban has shown that a focused insurgency can survive for years if needed as long as they have a base of popular support.
That's about it, we don't have a very extensive history
The Duchy of Poland probably defined Poland along with the Lech/Czech/Rus legend
Well, both America and Australia have the luxury of land.
I could do it with a stiff breeze, but not when it’s just pure sun belting down
I was in Alberta at the time and the economy was going well.
Still haven't found a trace of him
Even in June its like 730 am to 7pm
**Ahem** Make: the United States, China, Canada, Australia, New Zealand, Tonga, Fiji, Western Samoa, India, Burma, Papa New Guinea, Malaya, Sarawak, Brunei, Oman, Iraq, Egypt, Libya, Sudan, Kenya, Uganda, Northern and Southern Rhodesia, Tanganyika, Zanzibar, Mauritius, the Maldives, South Africa, Swaziland, Nigeria, Gold Coast, and Sierra Leone **British again**!
Bloody hell you're a nasty cunt aren't you
globalchat
Do you guys say the 'aubergine emoji' when talking about that
Tony Abbott in Australia thought this is what the opposition did.
These things seriously contributed to why it all blew up I think.
The Greek diaspora here is still pretty connected to their homeland
Thus you will be accepted into this unique culture
Then, around 200 years ago, Europeans arrived in boats from the north
Porn is something that takes no skill, its literally trading your dignity for money which is why people look down on pornstars
Unless they're citizens or have some sort of residency visa, they aren't getting medi-cal or obamacare.
Not sure how many records we will hit this summer
Those were made by immigrants from all over the globe.
Well the first 50,000 years is the hardest so we skim very lightly over that
Become familiar with Australia Tourist Visas
They sent me the fare restrictions after they sent the ticket, and I noticed it lists a 14 day min stay as a requirement.
We've cruised out of Miami, NYC and Long Beach on Carnival and Norwegian and have never had any issues.
This isn't an ex-girlfriend where you need to settle a score
I had a lot of trouble when my glasses were old where I would have to stare down bus until it was about 20m away and then turn away or raise my hand
I shower fairly regularly, I’m not dirty
And it's still early in the fire season
How is UCLouvain seen
I'm not very fussed about the recline, honestly.
Make sure you add all your known expenses (even if they are estimates) and know how much "spending" money you have.
my personal favourite is [chill jesus chucking up the peace sign with one hand and holding a pina colada in a coconut in the other] (probably not what it's meant to be but hey, that's what I'm taking it to be)
The dollar value that an average person produces depends on the local currency value and gives true nonsensical results, like the fact that [in nominal GDP, Russian economy is the size of Spain or Australia, and significantly smaller than South Korea, Canada or Italy]
So you are equating every Muslim with every backward, intolerant Wahhabi retard from Najd?
I'm freaking freezing here in Brisbane at 21c, I want my summer ;(
What’s wrong with the ol’ budgie smugglers mate
What your missing is that the EU gave this warning in 2014 to 5 different countries, Australia, Canada, Japan, Brunei and the US.
The biggest problem I can see would be the winter aspect of your trip.
Nothing can send a 90kg over 300m without a counterweight.
I think it's absolutely fine not to drink alcohol at all, even if it's a big part of your culture you don't have to force yourself
It's almost like different languages have different meanings for words
World is much smaller then 1,000 years ago because of technology, etc.
Most of that GDP growth is in developing countries.
What if the US-EU alliance is over, the US-Australia alliance is over and there is a new US-Russian axis in the making which are, as they say, out to disintegrate us?
Is Europe a better country than Australia ?
Late but not that many people smoke and there's definitely a stigma against it
But from Ireland to the rest of Europe?
I.e. it isn't really any more, but cultural bases and assumptions can very frequently be traced to its christian history
I'm fairly certain the cast all spoke English.
Last apartment I lived in was only made in 2005 and it was still max 1
My partner and I where looking at a nice two week getaway at the end of there year.
Maroubra beach, Sydney, Australia.
Even Canberra's roundabouts are smaller
It's truly a fantastic country.
After Brexit, young Australians looking for a new London have found it in Berlin
It doesn't often come in handy
Wait, why did they wear Croatian costumes in Australia?
I have heard about Padania before, is this actually a movement or an overhyped political thing
Are those two the only trains with a $49 fare?
In Australian isn't this: gronk/bogan?
Recently found Die Töten Hosen and already love them
I think of New Zealand as Australia without white trash.
Cassius, Darius, Claudius etc
It's difficult to say that even the most evil forces can have some good consequences
without ever needing learning Lithuanian past few standard phrases and words.
All useful, and I feel I have no hope in hell of learning the first two since they have no English (alphabet
The city is absolutely fantastic to live in, and the (relative) wages are pretty high.
I guess all federations bicker
Find the average you will spend on food.
>australian
Australia is already incredibly remote but at least they have big cities and other countries nearish.
We all know bacteria is the preferred pet of choice for every European
Assassin bush rangers would be the coolest fucking thing, Ned Kelly would certainly be a character
Don't forget to charge for membership
Given Eurovisions popularity though, the amount of young Australians who travel to Europe and the amount of Australians with recent European ancestry i can say fairly confidently that Britain trying to increase ties with us after brexit will be unlikely to come at the expense of EU ties.
Snooker stars can earn millions.
It's about the same rate in Australia for a specialist
For one it pits amateurs against professionals
It's not something most normal people would even care about to be honest
I'm not looking forward to it
Source: Am Australian
as long as it's all consensual and nobody's being forced into it i doubt many feminists would really care
Apparently they like Australia so I guess it's an alright place
when my dad was little and had been living here probably about a year, so probably around 1968, his aunty visited from back home and was shocked that the family had a barbecue and ate outside "like gypsies
This smells horribly like trickle down economics.
I mean that’s completely understandable when your options are complete domination by an evil state or still having most of the control and allowing the evil state passage through your country
Only with that you might be able to get 8-10 grands since living cost is very high if you want to get any travelling done during your time there at all.
[Parlez-Vous Francais
Dude, stating the obvious: if I have a yuuuge garden around my house and my neighbor is an asshole it is a far smaller problem than if I live in a houseshare and the asshole neighbor is literally next room and we use the same shitty toilet.
Not enough places to buy good pierogi though, I mean there's a few, but not as many as fish and chips places
Cheapest way to get to Australia from the UK?
"It's better than a poke in the eye with a sharp
I wave my private parts at your Aunties
It's a cool language, how do they go about adding new words to Irish coinciding with new technology or discoveries etc
And russia isn't going to make much milking it now that bubble burst.
I have had NBN for 8 months here lol
It is only controversial because people learn it as the plural but you probably use they all the time e.g, who left THEIR bag here
They send an e-mail whenever a great deal is available.
Australia = get a basic job, buy a big house and a car and you will have enough money left over to do almost anything you want, within reason.
If you have a high level of intelligence, are white and good looking the chances are that if you are Australian you would already be in a family which has millions of dollars in assets and you father would set you up with a well paying job through one of his friends, where normal working class people do not gain access.
Christmas dinner is not complete without bonbons.
I think that's what OP means by foreign film anyway.
And despite what the Eurovision may have you believe Australia is not actually in Europe (yet).
She is Lutheran (she became one after living in Germany), and said that Bavaria has more Catholics.
Qual é o nome da posição sobre o ponto 5
Oi, they're a good defence mechanism
I’m just commenting to get the 600th comment
Australia and New Zeeland being more focused towards Asia.
Seems pretty simple to me
The issue is what both parties classify as terrorist groups.
Right now, humanitarian concerns are the reason we do not close our borders.
If you do not have appropriate clothing you will have a bad time.
Most probably yes, sharpen the tip of the hat and it will impale the drop bear when it drops into your head from the trees
In regards to a sidebar would be great the only thing is people don't read them often enough much like r/Australia and r/Sydney (even once when I told someone on askreddit to have a look on the side bar in aus about moving there and they ended up just asking the same question there) where some weeks we get a bunch of similar questions, I don't mean to prevent those questions as sometimes they need to be asked.
What I'm trying to say is, most of the animals in Australia are extremely poisonous and deadly, but that doesn't mean they ALWAYS attempt to kill humans
To anticipate Nuclear power plants relocation, duh!
Tinnie/Tinny is also a small boat haha
There's absolutely nothing strange about an American who only watches British shows, an Australian who visits American news sites, etc.
If we're going by that logic why not let Australia and New Zealand join?
>only removes tartar (is this the right word
No idea why he thinks it will be easy, especially when free trade is extremely unpopular in Australia .
23 and a light breeze is perfect weather
New Zealand, Canada, or Australia
Pour a half litre of spirit when a single is ordered
Which countries in Europe would be most Welcoming of Australian's and offer opportunity for work?
* I say discovered loosely because the Native Aboriginal Australians have knows about it for around 60,000 years, so it would be more appropriate to say "discovered by Europeans"
People are tired of "spheres of influence" they want to be under one structure.
It might be due the the US being settled by religious puritans and Australia being settled by hungry bread thieves
The only "interesting" names would be Queensland, New South Wales and Tasmania
Yeah
i have a cousin from germany who lives right on the swiss border, and yeah some swiss people treat germans like how (for example) some people treat chinese tourists
I assume that's the number of people arriving in Australia.
" ALWAYS go along with it, our favourite past time is feeding tourists bullshit
Communism is a stateless, classless, moneyless society in which the means of production are publicly owned by all
I've seen some incredible stuff out of plane windows.
Coincidentally, we also have a city called Newcastle just north of Sydney
The international and domestic terminals are separated and can take a while to get between them so give yourself plenty of time.
At least one teacher I had for like half a year was Australian and one had lived in the UK (but her British pronunciation wasn't perfect, you could still hear a slight Finnish accent).
I reckon for England Wilfred Owen’s last line in Dulce et Decorum would be it
She's since lived in New Zealand, and I think Scotland.
Look mate, you were saying that the Polish can't afford to eat anything but carp for christmas.
Seriously one of the best times of our lives.
Yeah that one gets annoying as well, half the venemous animals here haven't even killed anybody on record here, or at least not killed in a very long time
In 2013 Australia said "fuck it" and sent an All-indigenous team just to shake things up
Saw this in r/TheSimpsons yesterday, was going to post here but apparently these posts aren't allowed
For me, the German/Poland border is where the East/West European border is
English and French sentence structures are almost identical
I am still surprised on how much stuff can happen in an area that is the size of my sub-district in my state
It's mostly the scenery that's different, but their suburbs/cities/cars and roads/social structure/economic structure/sports etc is almost the same
Foreign films are usually categorised as non English-language films or out of the usual North American/British film industry markets.
Australia is going down the shitter
Like don't get me wrong, Paris was amazing in it's own right.
There's other ways of showing politeness in English
I don't know how true any that is
I think I could find more common ground with the average American or Australian than with the average Romanian or Spaniard, especially on economic issues.
I see, no wonder I can't find out what it actually means
>Because of their gross misgovernance, Columbus and his brothers were arrested and imprisoned upon their return to Spain from the third voyage
Yeah, and he can be terfed out if the party doesn't like his decisions, something we regularly do
Primarily educated ones, some middle-aged moving to Australia and some retirees moving to Spain and other places.
So basically tow-back but without calling it that.
Townsville
I mean, Australian politics is really boring, I don't think anyone had a reason to want to assassinate him, and the Chinese spy/submarine theory is just plain stupid to me
And most Aussies keep our eggs in the fridge regardless
Most of the time your national ID card is enough but always a good idea to have your passport just in case
I was about to quip that it was a little more than one, remembering one or two where a small portion of the passengers survived
And the coalition is still led by Merkel.
We don't get brown snakes here
I go to Hawaii, Swiss people in the middle of no where.
PMs get sacked all the time but government still chugs along fine
We mean it
Is there any particular part of Italy that is to be avoided for young people like myself looking to start anew
How did the UK think they could get a good deal against them
Glad to see it's changing
You quite often can't see what's going on inside the teeth
Berlusconi, a beacon of stability.
Nice
I travelled around a lot but a few places I liked were Baguio, Palawan, Boracay, Surigao.
It's very strange thinking about the different sounds in languages, you think you know all the sounds until you try to pronounce a foreign word and nearly summon a demon
All you need is an international licence which is just filling out some forms.
I was just there at the beginning of January for 2 nights
Everything wants to kill you in Australia - weather, flora, and fauna
Flights to/from Europe are VERY cheap right now.
and the LNP are keeping the country that invented WiFi in the past
You very very rarely see any soldier just walking around in uniform here in Australia.
:)"
just because its a solution does not necessarily make it the right solution
Europe 2.0: Now includes the UK, India, Canada (minus Québec), Australia, New Zealand and South Africa.
Unless we can come to some kind of agreement, anyway.
Read them in Aus, thought they were popular everywhere
MS Teams & Skype at the moment
I've haggled a little when hosting my place awhile back, but only when they wanted to turn a short term stay into a long term one.
Good luck
Nothing better than brunost with strawberry jam on toast
Imperialistic tendencies are coming back
Overnight smugglers will be out of a job and people drowning stops.
At night, they often wander the roads
That was crazy
That would be my number one
Also different people take the weather differently
Best gift to buy someone travelling to Australia?
The devastating fires we had, followed immediately by the torrential floods
Will their migration rates fall as well?
I'm not opposed, but I want to do it as sensibly as possible.
I guess worst comes to worst I'll just have to get a visa, but just makes me feel like shit because my fellow countrymen don't have to send their passport to Canberra and get it returned that takes ages and is expensive just because they're white.
Also I am not sure exactly how their visas work and how easy it is to obtain a visa for 6+ months there, and if you could it probably would be illegal to work.
When a foreigner asks something dumb, for example "Do you guys ride kangaroos to school
they actually have a legitimate claim to the roman empire since they're the only sovereign state who interacted with the romans a lot and still stands
For cities that are close enough to take the bus, take the bus.
Uhm, there aren't that many Filipinos here, and given that most people over there don't speak Spanish anymore I'd say that the relationship has pretty much disappeared.
Europe/Australia are secondary choices.
While the farmers in India who grew the crops starved to death.
For your information: since Australia stopped admitting migrants, they stopped coming, and more importantly they stopped dying!
Coming from the states, this is a super short trip to Australia.
Syria will need migrants after the war so there's a place for them there.
Glad I could help out, hope it all turns out for the best!
We're taking her car and she has a 2008 Jeep Wrangler CRD, a two door.
I do wonder if over time, Dutch and German will start to more resemble English in this regard though
Nothing like going out for a walk in a singlet and coming back sunburnt as hell
Can we mention Father Ted
Sorry but it doesn't answer my question.
It's almost impossible to not get a great view flying into Sydney.
"Backsack" would surely a good compromise, but it's two-thirds of the way to a male body hair removal procedure
I'm Australian
Basiliscus, Majorian etc.) were complete disasters and didn't even managed to land.
According to Americans, government investing money in education/healthcare/infrastructure = socialism
Look, the problem everyone overlooks when citing the Australian, Candian or US model is that these countries don't really have a short sea or land connection to the countries being fled from.
If you'd have employers requesting a doctor's note for every single day of absence, you'd be at the doctors for a severe cold too.
Yall aren't in the middle ages, wtf is wrong with these animals
the UK is in no way Crippled right now...
I could see how he could have been tricked into thinking that
aava .... rest  in peace
It looks fucken amazing
The sand dunes themselves can reach up to 300 metres in height.
Why isn't Australia following my Confucian values?
like an enormous bite taken out of its southern edge; a wall of sheer cliffs which plunge deep into the girting sea
Complicated EU visa length debacle (as an Australian tourist)
They also make sure people understand it isn't a typical museum set up before they pay
You're implying she's bringing in these foreign ideas of compassion from the exotic Netherlands into Switzerland, and thus needs to integrate.
He has many layers
Lmao dude if the dictionary AND all native speakers disagree with your terminology maybe it's you who is uneducated
That's crazy
When most people think of Poland's history, they usually think "Haha, got fucked in the 2nd world war", but its history before that is fascinating
Surely building the Titanic is more famous worldwide than any particular bombing of the Troubles
Don't ever put your hand down a hole for any
Not totally un-understandable that it exists imo.
The British were always more practical then the other imperial powers, everyone save Churchill knew and could already admit the empire was done.
Usually between high school and university people go abroad.
So probably you mean bringing Australians and Canadians, for example.
It has an economic exclusive zone of 7.5 million km2.
Oi, they're a good defence mechanism
Must be nice to still see things moving in the right direction instead of a standstill or slow deterioration.
Those guys were amazing engineers
After months of portest it's closer to harassment than anything else.
M5S aren't really right wing or centrist, are they though?
An exception was made in 2015, when Australia was allowed to compete as a guest entrant as part of the celebration of the 60th anniversary of the event.
As for summer
This is exactly what we already do in Australia.
I don't see any compelling driver toward a "federation." Joint security is taken care of by NATO.
Australia is one of those countries who institutionalized the category of working holiday, so if you're of a particular age and a citizen of a country that qualifies for this, then Australia will grant you a working holiday visa.
A fine example of social distancing
14% positive North Macedonia
Heading to Greece in August for 2 weeks and would love some recs on hostels for both islands.
Here in Australia, there are essentially British Xmas traditions implanted into a Southern Hemisphere country.
I'm an atheist, but I say "God" and "Heaven" even though I don't believe in Christianity
Check out r/combatfootage
But compared to North America and Europe, Asian connections with France and Britain and Australian connections to Britain, I think South America has the least.
Would have thought Greek was probably the second language of Australia
That was a right given to the states.
Did you pull that comment out of your arse?
The last thing the EU needs now is an economic crisis - it could spell the end of the entire project - and with the trade deals with US, Australia, Asia and Mercosur stalling, it'd be suicidal to disengage from trade with the 5th largest economy in the world.
I get 5 weeks of paid vacation each year.
If you're referring to the way it was in Britain and commonwealth countries like 70 years ago, no one knows or uses that system anymore
I mean, this is very admirable, but why is it more remarkable than any of the better video players that don't have ads
Brussels, which technically isn't even "the Dutch speaking area" anymore, I know.
"She'll be right
Most Indians target the US or GCC (if they aren't skilled).
As an Australian journalist once said, "there are more Buddhists in Australia than Muslims.
You'd be mainly working alongside young germans, witch a scattering of French and English.
The British Empire was the greatest power in the world (suck it France) until the World Wars and decolonisation exhausted it.
Hollande is beyond useless though.
So we’ll probably catch up to you guys soon
They could be in their fifties or sixties, but they put in as much work as people my age
If you don't want to vote for anyone (which would be silly in our preferential voting system anyway) you just hand it in blank and it isn't as valid vote.
Loads of Lain Americans migrate to Spain due to the common language, but I'd say most Filipinos migrate to the US or Australia, not usually to Spain.
Apparently, and I'm not 100% sure about this, but the Arabic name for Germany is Almaniã, I've been told this is a loan word from French although I'm not really sure
Just some bullshit argument coming from non-French people.
Plus the influence
Unsure, I've always used it for just trapping it
Australia is an ex-British colony.
I don't know much about Estonian law but I would assume it's much easier to get a gun in America
lol I only came here after the /r/India-Europe culture exchange thing.
Well if it involves trump, some idiots being Floridians or a natural disaster, a school shooting or people not doing the wrong thing, then yes, it is often
He's also the reason why the abortion argument has flared up in Ireland recently.
They're alot harder to play than they look
In my half a year in NL I always found Dutch people to be super chill
over here most know the continents, a general layout of Europe, and where countries like the US and Russia and China and Australia are.
I'm currently trying to plan a last minute US trip, due to suddenly coming in to possession of Hamilton tickets in New York.
How will they fill out the boring tax papers that we native speakers have to
I'm ideologically opposed to freedom of movement of people, not because I want to fully prevent people from coming here, but I believe that it discriminates against people from outside of the EU.
It starts with one poolside chair
Well, now there's EU English too.
I wouldn't trust it to be objective on gulf/arab state affairs but looking out to the rest of the world it's brilliantly broad with concise stories
I'll be getting a van in Australia soon and looking for inspiration.
And to discourage future immigrants who try the same.
Fair enough
>native speaker of Germanic language
Those south western terrorists just insult the only true Pain au chocolat by calling it differently.
I know it’s r/askeurope but love this sub ... and I originated in Europe
In Indian English, I have heard it frequently called "at the rate of", even when it's not being used in a unit rate context
I was so shocked at the ethnic divide between just Liljeholmen and södermalm in Stockholm.
Most British colonised towns and cities adopt the names of British ones
After the property bust in Ireland in 08/09 a lot of irish construction workers went to Australia.
In The Crown, Charles is both very a sympathetic victim and also a giant douche, but we understand the complexities of the opposites to understand the character better
Oh dear,  I dropped articles all the time when I was barely conversational in Italian
Lest we forget
I know plenty of Aussies that eat kanga bangas.
The whole of Europe, besides Britain would have become the German empire
I wish you and Poland luck in your endeavours
We should meet up at Amiens again!
This is on my list for next time!!
No biddy for you UK
Where babby go to
20 days in Australia in May -- is this too ambitious?
>Stikstof
You should get out of the basement for once.
It's kind of interesting how we generally only look at the one section of history we are most familiar with and are surprised when we find out that other things happened during that time as well
Don't have to get all sensitive champion
Then my explanation was questioned so I did research which is what typically happens when trying to draw a conclusion with several conflicting opinions
It's like Canadians refusing to call their continent North America because the USA used the name America
It’s so weird how European skylines work, you have low level building 2-4 levels high then you suddenly have 1 or 4 skyscrapers
I've been saying normalcy my whole life
It's called a donkey vote or a protest vote
We need to go back to the previous immigration law, the Bossi-Fini, which made it ILLEGAL to enter Italy without a visa, we need to implement at the European level the Australian immigration model, we need to stop giving migrants full free healthcare that's not guaranteed even to all Italians.
Well done
Absolutely incredible national park, I love Montenegro.
Most of the time your national ID card is enough but always a good idea to have your passport just in case
And we don't even use a barbecue to cook them
1900: Melbourne
It is far too American for my liking
" as loud as possible
Chinese - to make visiting China, Malaysia and Singapore easier and more fun
0900-180 ️
I embarked on a European roadtrip through 22 countries, here are some photos
On your budget, You will not be able to afford Australia or New Zealand.
the fact that 6 have died in such a short time is just really odd.
Beheading an old lady during mass like holy fuck
Indonesian - see above
Why do we give so much shit about **non-Europeans**?
Especially Australia where people seem albeit a tad more "laddish" quite similar to home.
In Australia, the children were forbidden to learn their own language, and each aboriginal "nation" (They dislike the term tribe) had their own language and many of them went extinct so there are no records of the language
BTW you fucking buy Australian olive oil?
What would you travelling somewhere have to do with working in your home country?
unless they are an American
The government is now trying to make sure that anyone that ever ends up in one of those places can never ever come to Australia, even if you get assessed as a refugee and resettled in Australia and discover teleportation, you will never in your life be able to apply for a visa to come to Australia!
Most of our country is already a wasteland
Wait really
It seems like you would identify with your region quite heavily.
The countryside is *so* incredibly beautiful.
One of the few times I've seen a snake in the wild in Europe was out there
Instead, they are genial, jolly, cheerful, and always willing to share a kind word with a stranger,
Fake news isn't news that is biased or news that you disagree with.
Turkey and Australia are too big to fill the hole left over.
If you can't get someone to host you (difficult if it's your first time/have no references/are two people vs one), just ask them to show you around (much easier).
Saying Breitbart is not news is the same as saying CNN, Salon, Vox, The Guardian, they all have bias so of course people from the opposite side of the political specrum are gonna say "Its not a real news site".
when my dad was little and had been living here probably about a year, so probably around 1968, his aunty visited from back home and was shocked that the family had a barbecue and ate outside "like gypsies
Our tariffs with Australia or the USA are also pretty low.
The Scandinavian languages are not too hard to learn in writing but the pronunciation is quite hard
Well I did the same thing the last trips I went to Europe and USA and had no issue so it's new to me.
If someone is going for a job that require that much security clearance they likely wouldn't be posting in Reddit
I was just there at the beginning of January for 2 nights
Have you tried handling the Australian ones?
Good luck finding a suitable cliff in the Netherlands.
this comment speaks to me though I don't listen to black metal
Think of them as British, Australian and American.
Haig's also pretty hated by those who know of him in Australia, because there were plenty of Australians who died under his command
Am I reading this correctly that some place in Scandinavua is going to be just about the warmest place in Europe?
Haha yeah, to be honest it was just about the cheap flights.
To be honest, 13-17c daily maximums in winter sounds pretty awesome once you’ve lived in the north of Europe for five years
In Australia it'd be either stockmen or bushrangers, but most prominently bushrangers
According to Wikipedia, Anheuser Busch (Budweiser) imports and distributes Stella in the US.
[Crown Princess Mary] of Denmark was an Australian born to a Scottish mathematics professor.
In English if you asked someone to name vowels they'll give you a e i o u 98% of the time
I mean I know that I was referencing it in my comment but don't remind me
Buying individual train tickets for some of your connections might be ok (definitely more expensive than bus but could be worth it if you wanted to save time and flights are more expensive) but I've literally never heard of a Eurail pass being worth it.
He matches it so well
Agreed
There's issues in Australia for sure, but I wouldn't say it's 'out of control'.
Look, the museum is awesome all round but an ironworks themed soft play was amazing for the kids I don't have and I definitely didn't play in it myself instead
I'm insulted
I can't wait to go to Spain one day, it looks beautiful, especially the coastline and small villages.
It's like the Australian version of Craigslist.
Its a threatening gesture as it allows someone to attack with nukes without fear of retaliation
Two clueless Australians determined to see the Northern Lights for their honeymoon - No idea where to even start.
More Turkish Cypriots immigrate to Turkey, the UK, Australia, etc, than mainland Turks to Cyprus.
Same here but moved to Australia when I was 10.
Blacks or gays or whatever is added, I hate to see a gay added and the main character JUST MAGICALLY HAPPENS to be one of the <1% of people who were okay with it during that time period
I bet these houses are cosy
People are generally friendly wherever you go and you will feel welcome as an Australian.
I'm not European but here in Australia I see kookaburras, magpies, black cockatoos, possums, wallabies (small kangaroos), water dragons, brown snakes and just as many introduced species.
Clearly if there is a pretender to the throne outside Europe it should be us
I think I take Australia for granted :P.
They aren't stopping boats from coming though.
same here, it's not fancy behaviour but who says we need to be fancy all the time anyway
We must catalog them for our archives
john went to the servo though the forest exept hes a pov cunt
I've always resented this so much
I was getting a really good pay from working at a hotel as well as later at a retail store.
The culture and people are quite similar to Canada (and obviously English is their first language) so I didn't feel too overwhelmed being in a new place alone..
Assyrians, Kurds and Jews would also like to have a word
But isn't that because the Amish are Dutch originally
There is a reason why most pornstars are fucked up, whether that be because of exploitation, drugs, mental issues or some other problem in their life
I have yet to experience anything more expensive than Norway.
Appeared that most were there for the football
Then again I suppose those cities have a lot less rich history then the cities I just mentioned.
You certainly have the public will at the moment.
- Often depicted wearing a lai and Hawaiian shirt due to his absence from the bushfire crisis because he decided to go on holiday in Hawaii in middle of it
>He married his aunt Maria Witlam, his mother's sister, in 1917 despite opposition from his mother
Prolly German, Japanese and French
I would happily pay 50c for a nice clean usable bathroom
(I do though because they are cool
(Author of the Hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy"
Everyone spends differently, 8,000AUD each to calculate it is enough work backwards.
I love this
Toilet paper
For those unfamiliar with it it's a policy in which any asylum seeker who comes to Australia by boat without a visa will be refused settlement in Australia, instead being settled in Papua New Guinea if they are found to be legitimate refugees, it's known as a PGN solution.
Also alcohol is heavily taxed, so like a 1
Glorious
I love the Greek alphabet
There is an award system with cords instead of badges, red cord, blue cord and green cord, patrol leaders where a white cord as well
"The windows here, they only open or close
But meh who cares about facts or justice
There is some like Roki Vulovic who talk about the war and the soldiers, then there is those who talk about wanting to blow up mosques and stuff like that (Koridor, Miro Semberac, and others) and then there’s ones that sing a mix of the two like Baja Mali Knindza
Great
Hasn't been so regular lately though, due to covid
Hope this helps a bit
Ukrainian gov has been launching an offensive
No one in Australia really gives a shit either.
Definitive proof that driving on he left side the the road is superior ;)
I don't see how Europe can do that with hundreds of thousands or even millions.
This is 95 euros per day, and since all transport and accommodation is already paid I think you won't have to worry about anything.
- In 1997 he shat himself at a Maccas (McDonalds) in Engadine, South Sydney
Austria must be the most frustrated nation in the World; they were a Great Power for centuries and now people from Europe consider it a cheaper and uglier version of Switzerland when it comes to skiing while people from outside Europe mistake them with Australia.
I came back home to Australia after being in India for a week.
Because many Western countries have made it far too economically enticing for peoples from around the world to come
They don't need the far right in power to throw "fascism" labels around.
**BREAKING:** Armenian Unified Infocenter just posted images of the downed Su-25
Some of the others here I'm like "Oh, that's from *X*" but Italian food is Italian food
You guys are even worse with your Tunke on Schnitzel.
It snowed in Australia at the start of February,
Your girlfriend gives birth to a son, but it's difficult to raise a child when you have little to no money, much of it spent on you and your girlfriends alcohol addiction which you got after trying "just a little bit" with your mates when you were just young teens
The only one of those that's half good is Auld Orange Flute, the rest are pretty underwhelming
Great
In the 1940s, somebody through an egg at the prime minister's head during a rally, he got so furious he got the police to investigate it and find whoever was responsible
I personally am fine rolling out of bed at 6am after crawling back at 4am after a night out if it means I have to be somewhere for a day trip so getting off a night bus at 6am is no problem for me.
They were surprised that someone so tall could still be so cute (in their language cute very much is associated with little, apparently)
Same in Australia
Australia was annexed by Nazi Germany in WWII and some of the most famous Europeans spent a lot of time there in cafes in the early 1900s.
Send the Crown-princess(Who is Tasmanian).
The real targets are the USA, UK and France.
Camps *can* be safe, but Australia's refugee centers' status in Manus and Nauru have been met with [justifiable criticism] from both the international community and Australian citizens themselves.
Others go do voluntary work in Africa, internships abroad etc.
Estonia is not selfish as everyone else in this thread, instead of taking it is voluntary offering to give away the pleasure of having World's largest country as a neighbour, package includes wonderfull nature, friendly people, a very manly leader who likes animals and surprise shows of power right at your doorstep^please, ^please ^Australia...
but I'm under the impression that I'm eligible for Iranian nationality, but don't actually have it because I don't have any Iranian documentation of any kind.
Do they really want hundreds/thousands of people wrecking whatever they have left
Ive been very critical of New Zealand (a country I call home, despite being Australian) but conversation surrounding NZ governmemy isn't exactly something that comes up very frequently outside of NZ circles and I am in support of the large majority of the decisions made by the NZ governmemt, yet I can still be critical of the counties infrastructure
I'm not European so I don't think I qualify to answer this question, but I follow the politics in Finland, Moldova and Belarus
Norway and Denmark has a combined population of 10.8 million people.
You saying religions are fairytales doesn't actually make them false, and the fact that you come from a very irreligious country suggests you were probably raised with a bias anyway.
The place does fill when they are there.
Was it about the food
Look how much land is left completely unused in places like Greenland, the Sahara, the Australian outback, Canada, Russia and Antarctica.
I chose German (mainly for Inspector Rex), which was easier, but still, bloody genders eh?
Australian translation: Welcome to Balkans, mate
Don't ever put your hand down a hole for any
I'm trying too learn it
It is, though the visibility isn't always the best.
They ate all the available food, and lots of them died
Japan also, but with some twists.
Then if you want to party or see museums or whatever as that on.
I have friends working in Vilnius (in english) and absolutely loved it, and it seems that Krakow is becoming a big hub of international workers.
What exactly does that make me if not Australian ?
Because of Australias proximity to asia, it is quite cheap to fly there, especially bali.
Nah, they are pulling our legs.
Hard to say, Australia is becoming worse and worse by the year due to our shitty government *cough Scomo cough* Kanye in the future when the liberal party isn't trying to turn us into a nation you see in dystopian films where free speech is a crime
Amed, where I was when I took this photo is one of the quietest, least touristy parts of Bali; a world away from the crazy busy south.
Sounds British/Australian/Asianish...
Theres 2 problems that I see with this however:
Don't the banks own the europeans
Is working illegally a huge risk?
Still waiting here in Australia...
Capitals tend to be very overpriced and disappointing experiences.
For the UK I'd probably say Australia or New Zealand.
aava .... rest  in peace
French territory in close proximity to Australia and New Zealand, but they still import all of their products from mainland France
The immigration issues are caused by prejudice against immigrants from poorer nations.
you got it
Well, if you bothered to read my other comments, you'd notice that I'm *both Italian and Australian* so Italy is also my country.
Excuses excuses
Thank you for this
For one it pits amateurs against professionals
Our police forces would need to be able to cooperate better before we could allow freedom of movement.
Might have something to do with that's where our queen lives
inside themselves to the core of their essence, their reasons for being, and the necessity of checking inside your boots every morning for fatal surprises
Visited Armenia last year and went on a tour that took in this monastery
Even flowers can kill you in Australia and you're alive!
From Wikipedia:
Do you believe the UK is pop culturally similar to places like Canada, America and Australia?
Read them in Aus, thought they were popular everywhere
Then turn it on and go "oh no, what happened?"
Oh yeah that to
This seems like anti-communist propaganda written by right wing chuds
Smart, practical people
I was very keen to bring home some fish, but Customs won't allow it into Australia.
Everyone likes different things and is going to have a different answer.
You still have to do it at some point.
It is relevant because the EU has its own data protection and human rights laws, which could be used to make a legal case against this act
Aussie here with some survival tips, we didn't have air-con growing up and sometimes nights would be in the low 30s. I used to sleep on a wet towel that had been wrung out, also used to wear a wrung out tea towel around my neck
GBBO year round
I was in Australia for 50 days exactly one year ago.
That's why I was wanting clarification on the terms "good" and "modern"!
Imagine being a young child in front of a globe and someone tells you that Australia has roughly the same population size as Nepal or North Korea and that South Korea has twice as much.
I would say that generally everyone in the major cities sound the same, though there are a few words unique to each state
How does an uncomfortable path dissuade people from stealing the stones
You can also switch your license over to UK, Ireland, NZ or Australia pretty easily.
He was born in the Polish republic in 1928, taken prisoner by the Nazis as a teenager, and then liberated by the French Resiatance
I'm not sure on how to interpret this map for the eastern part of France.
Well, Vatican does not tolerate other parties, there are no elections which could overthrow pope and establish another one (or even elections which could change council of cardinals), he has the absolute power, doesn't allow priests to get married and have kids, there is only one religion - others are not allowed to hold ceremonies in papal state, women don't have many rights, 10% of overall population is a functioning army
You are absolutely right but I would add that immigrants who are better educated usually assimilate easier.
Brussels be damned
I am of immigrant background here in Australia, among many other people.
I have driven in Europe on my Australian licence before.
Why don't they just use the subways built by the ancient Romans
'Air Farce One' hahahaha
Texts, google maps (make sure you download the offline maps when in wifi first) and some light web browsing.
Stuff like this is inevitable for countries that wage wars that kill many civilians.
Will be a shithole for some time.
Right, insisting that Slavs are an inferior race who need to be genocided was just imperialism, not racism.
'Thankfully' Britain giving a shit tends to mean India, Australia, Canada, USA, South Africa etc tend to give a shit as well which is like 30%+ of the world's population.
You don’t know anything about me
The Australian radio-astronomer Dr John O'Sullivan with his colleagues Terence Percival, Graham Daniels, Diet Ostry, and John Deane[8] developed a key patent used in Wi-Fi as a by-product of a Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organisation (CSIRO) research project, "a failed experiment to detect exploding mini black holes the size of an atomic particle".[9] Dr O'Sullivan and his colleagues are credited with inventing Wi-Fi
Good luck with that one
We are considering going in late October/early November and renting a car to travel up the north eastern coast.
My "regions" are bigger than the average
The wombat kills people in two ways: First, the
I mean this in the nicest way possible but I really don't care about your home movies.
Frosts were frequent but not to the extend as shown in this picture
Trade deals do not happen quickly.
I read this in an Australian accent
He was behind enemy lines and stole the uniforms off two German soldiers as a disguise
But North Korea is in the "east".
They also have wage requirements for different ages, since you're just graduating high school when you research be sure you're looking at pay rates for under 21 (you'll be paid less and might not get enough hours since there's limits if you're under 18 from what I remember).
GMOs, why don't you guys like em?
The 6 months things is your passport has to have six months validity LEFT not you have had to have it for six months.
In Australia the kids were taken if it was suspected that one of the parents were white
7% 14+ 59%
Humidity tends to be lower during the day when there are larger temperature differences between day and night
I can't think of even one time in my life where that would have been needed
Mandarin Chinese, Arabic, and German
Your chances of dying are surprisingly lower than one would immediately think
Do the dutch get to reclaim the entire North Sea?
I guess it was not a hit in Australia cause I was there when it came out.
If you get into the New Territories or even out and about on Lantau island it's anything but NYC.
Brits and French lost more than us or the Kiwis did.
you can find the same types of water with better infrastructure in Western Australia.
pretty sure that's racism bud
Australia are the [second best country] in Europe
Even in the most embellished stories told by
Australia won't be on that ban.
For far too long it has been Western countries that have been conforming to the cultures of these people who have immigrated, rather than the other way around, which is complete insanity
Canberra and the ACT were built specifically to be the capital city, no clue why they put it where it is and I also don't know why they decided to make it the most boring place you could ever visit ever
Probably Australia - it's hot, flat, an island and so on
Looks like Canada and Australia will soon become New Europa and Far New Europa
Question about mobile/data use going from Aust -> USA/Canada
I love the cold, I thrive in the cold.
Doesn't stop it being colonialism.
The telegondola Sinaia was also something I'll never forget
They received a warrant through due process and conducted a raid through due process.
Moldova is just a buffer state between the Romanians and Ukrainians
Although obviously it's not the same as the Roman Empire and Byzantine Empire, one could think of them as similar to the UK and USA in more recent times.
There's a small chain of premium ice cream stores in Australia called "Royal Copenhagen", I don't know why they're called that but it's some of the best ice cream I've ever had
Not even a Highway
France has an even higher rate of euroscepticism than the UK did before its referendum.
Awesome, I'll look into those, thanks!
The second confusing thing about Australia are the animals
Damn, how did you figure out our plan
I would say if he's into weird shit, riding Albania is a must - all those random concrete mushrooms and half-built businesses, it's a very unique place.
I guess they're not counting the tipping system used by most doctors.
"It's better than a poke in the eye with a sharp
And most Aussies keep our eggs in the fridge regardless
My dad's family are Cockney tho so nothing beats vinegar with salt and lots of pepper
He didn't spend long in prison though, that cunt bastard and the rich fuckers in the Vatican managed to spend enough of their hoarded wealth to get him out
It then goes on to count number of children per year (how few has changed in these debates) and says that Australian population is growing much slower.
It is a small town on the edge of lake Como and isn't that touristy.
Poland can into Czechia
My house backs onto a lake so we have ducks, plubbers (plovers/Masked lapwing) regularly nest in my yard
It's cheese
I think 1975 during the constitutional crisis when Gough got the boot was probably the first and only time a federal Australian government collapsed
It can be difficult to find appropriate gear in Aus when our conditions are not generally as cold.
Nah these are the larger two humped bactrian camel.
Depending on where you are in La Paz it can be as much as 4000m.
Actually if I can convince my wife Id do it now.
It's rather cheap, comparatively, it's in English, and from the friends I've had that have studied there, the work life balance is good and the quality of education very high.
That theory comes from a book called "The Prime Minister was a spy" by Anthony Grey, a book that is riddled with inaccuracies and factual errors, including but not limited to; the impossibility of a submarine coming that close to the shore, and that according to Harold's wife, he didn't even like Chinese food
How deep do they have to dig
Ah well, us Aussies eat Vegemite and the rest of the world think that's terrible
Problem is that some people here think that we have to copy Australia exactly.
The Russians made the Buran orbiters to be their version of the shuttle, and in most ways the Buran was actually better than the American orbiter
Beginning as a colourful autumn day at the bottom and ascending into snowy winter at the top
It was largely Americans and Australians.
Within minutes we are drinking and chatting like decade old friends
What to do if I have previously been denied, deported or detained a visa to Australia?
I've seen pictures of these so-called ugly German cities, and none of them I would call ugly
I really disliked the Churchill episode but one of my biggest gripes with modern content is how they whitewash things
I tried to find info on the visiting countries but the English wikipedia only stated Australia and New Zealand were part of it because the year marked as the centennial of the Battle of Somme.
Daladier told Jakob Surits, the Soviet ambassador to France: "Not only can we not count on Polish support but we have no faith that Poland will not strike us in the back."
There was a spate of Thai restaurants in Sydney for a while (“Thai tanic “) is the only I can remember now though
I would imagine an Italian would have an easier time of it
Why are Australians on the internet always like this?
If you have a smartphone, your location, sounds near you, app usage, the websites you visit, the people you communicate with, your contacts, your texts and phone calls are recorded and stored by various governments (the US, UK, Canada, Australia, New Zealand, Germany and Netherlands, as far as I know have been confirmed, though there are undoubtedly others) who often share that data with corporations.
Maybe with Australia and New Zealand, but not with the States.
One is hundreds of acres of carefully groomed and pruned trees and educated farmers who understand the global market and may even process their own product in cooperation with international distributors or even the end client on a different continent, the other is about 5 acres of untouched trees, you pick the product, take it to market and get the price of the day
You'd be welcomed with open arms!
Yeah I guess our alps must be slightly warmer than yours in Switzerland
Tittybong
Just don't set up shops near the dropbears and you'll be right.
But if you were to say that Australia's culture is exactly the same as American culture, it'd be a hilariously misinformed and ignorant thing to say.
Lived in Genova for a year,  Liguria is absolutely one of the most beautiful parts of the world and Genova was a really nice city
Danes arent olive skin though but pale white.
I can only imagine Australian and American ships that patrolled the Pacific Ocean prior to the war were on friendly terms with one another.
It's not about denying or rejecting, I just don't think Singapore policies are possible to apply in Denmark.
The Australian media is very confused as we haven't had a PM do as such since the 60s.
[Ahh yes, with the scene where a set of helicopters transporting the English Royal Family instantly freezes above Scotland and they all die in a violent burst of flames
I expected Singapore to be bigger
I guess all federations bicker
If so then I'd recommend staying in the UK within train distance.
Pretty bland
- In 1997 he shat himself at a Maccas (McDonalds) in Engadine, South Sydney
Didn't know that one either
"Nudelsalat mit Krebsfleisch"
When talking down to americans, pro gun control people from Europe, Canada, Australia, etc are all about how strong and perfect their system is.
Queensland, specifically Brisbane and the Gold Coast are popular destinations for domestic travel and I think it's a lot more popular now with international guests than it used to be
I look at facts and figures, not anecdotes from well off youngsters on the internet.
You could implement the Australian policy without the bad conditions.
Australia already took part to the Eurovision Song Contest.
And there's a little village there called Nieuw-Zeeland
Even the Bolsheviks, judging from Kronstadt.
But it's *The* police exists
Except that not participating in swimming lessons doesn't actually threaten your health,
The Australian solution is a total disaster that causes needless suffering among people fleeing persecution and has separated families.
Big, empty, far away and it even has the desert and camels that they're used to.
*shrug* I only just signed up for it from this thread and it didn't charge me or notify me of any issues and said I had signed up successfully, I doubt the website is that badly coded to not realise Australia isn't in Europe.
How the hell is yugoslavia not part of EU but every damn country around it is
My parents were massive history buffs, so we went on road trips most weekends around Italy.
A free Belarus is good for all
Oh, Melbourne, that makes sense
I hope you all get a potato today
No other language Wikipedia has this issue, but none are as large as the English one
Nursing - 6 weeks paid leave a year where I am.
And how can I forget, the only place in Australia where snow can be found year round: The Snowy Mountains
MEH
My sister did the year work visa in Australia and had a great time, but there are restrictions and it's difficult to do.
It’s part of the commonwealth so I guess maybe a little bit more like the UK?
They are mostly Christian Arabs though.
Mind sharing a picture of the ones you mean?
And the unionist version of "The Men Behind the Wire"  is dreadfully boring- should've named that one something else so it wouldn't get conpared to the Republican one
I started buying it here in Australia as well since I came back
Ne-der-land), because it is more known abroad (just think of all the countries that know us as Holland) and because it used to be more OK back in the old days.
We both speak English, no Russian at all.
That being said, for some reason I love the culture, language and country.
Yeah, the Australian model - extraterritorial facilities at least - is the way to go.
So he just didn't like America
We have a high limit at my company
USA over Australia, New Zealand, Canada and Ireland?
lol
Australia is still a Commonwealth realm, but I do not spell the way I do because it is, rather I spell as I have been taught to.
Nobody has questioned high position of New Zealand.
How easy is it to fly in Europe and how much does it generally cost?
You're flying out of LAX but you're from India?
We've been doing this for years in Australia now.
Private tours and small group tours in and around Melbourne, Australia, luxury private tour at affordable price.
We are an union of 4 nations, very much like the EU (thing is Wales and Scotland aren't none countries like Belgium and Luxembourg) You need to understand Scots and Welsh are Celtic and we are Anglo / Norman's we are are different.
- Cubs: The teams of kids within Cubs are called packs, named after a different colour of wolf fur (Grey, brown, black red etc), the cub leaders use the names of characters from the jungle book rather than their real names
I get a kinda Scottish vibe from him
Between your sentences, you've grown up, found a lovely girlfriend, but all those years of missing out on school meant you have no education and therefore no job
Australian off shore asylum model is also criticized all the time yet Europe would be in such a better position if we adopt it.
**AUSTRALIAN INVASION OF NORWEGIAN ANTARCTICA**
We got our independence in 1901
Any feedback would be appreciated
But I am neither a national of Iran nor have I ever visited there.
I got blindsided by them on the first day in Sevilla, and I didn't know what was going on so I buried my hands in my pockets because I was kinda worried they were simply distracting me while someone steals my wallet or some shit.
Yeah so I learnt from some of the other Germans that commented here
I feel like it was a little distracting, and now it looks more like a private Australian beach :-)
I'd probably ask for more details on your fears ...
What you propose doing is to implement the Australian model, with which I agree completely.
Brussels be damned
>Pronounced something like Hedge-eh-mehni, but for the longest I said hedge-a-moany
Well they were wrong as it killed far more British troops.
Yay
A century of imperialism followed by globalization how can you not expect the pakistanis, indians, asians, and other parts of the very former british empire to choose to relocate to the UK 'mother country'.
So it’s a multiplier of the urbanites x the younger generation voting left, and the rest voting right
But way too many people were sick of Hilary and media's "ya'll sexist, racist, homophobic, white bigots"
My plain was to solo backpack South East Asia a bit and Europe for the most part of a year, although I've kept my plans super open ended and my folks will be happy to see me whenever I return.
>Bobadilla was immediately met with complaints about all three Columbus brothers: Christopher, Bartolomeo, and Diego
Christ, I knew Europe was small and dense (in terms of distance between cities) compared to Australia but wow
However due to the distance from Australia (and the corresponding 28 hour flight), I thought I might as well visit the rest of Europe while I'm at it.
[Footage of the crowd as of an hour ago]
During the Greek War of Independence many people from northern Europe came to help Greece.
And never heard of that second word
Closest thing I can think of now would Lord Howe island, which doesn't want independence, it just wants to be part of New Zealand instead of Australia
It seems to work for the anglosphere.
The problem is economic mass immigration.
As long as [Pedro Pascal] plays the Gypsy
As an Australian "perkele" is one of the one Finnish words I know
>(which is done by an hygienist but in the same clinic as the actual dentist one, so "going to the dentist" sometimes refers to the clinic and not to the professional
Robots don't run on thin air and Europe has little.
It's not something most normal people would even care about to be honest
They have a very close relationship with Australia already and there is no language barrier.
Lol wasn't expecting Australian comedy in this thread.
I was expecting it to be awful but it was actually alright
Don't be surprised when these countries show up on your doorstep.
Onya Kasi
In Australia, the children were forbidden to learn their own language, and each aboriginal "nation" (They dislike the term tribe) had their own language and many of them went extinct so there are no records of the language
Just don't plan on traveling big distances, as like in the US, they are massive.
Why so many days for the Italian cities ?
It is extreme Nationalism that is the problem, everything in Moderation is the key.
This subreddit smh
I've never been to the UK, but I feel like the UK wouldn't feel as foreign to me as the US/Canada do
Salzburg, was supposed to go hiking on the Alderweg trail this year, not happening anymore because I have exams to study for next year
the Princess of Denmark is from Australia and met the Prince while he was in Australia and it wasn't until a year later when he told her who he was
They are racist even to their fellow Muslims (especially where most of their menial labour force came from like Bangladesh or Indonesia).
On the other hand, the British accent sounds very good!
Hard to say, Australia is becoming worse and worse by the year due to our shitty government *cough Scomo cough* Kanye in the future when the liberal party isn't trying to turn us into a nation you see in dystopian films where free speech is a crime
Australia could stop all emissions tomorrow and it will die.
April break during semester abroad in Australia!
They're just some of the biggest tourist destinations, and that naturally attracts these people
would advise against Australia, which speaks the same language and has similar food, cities, and people to the US.
Shrug, i don't think most Australians, Canadians, and Kiwis along with hong kongians and singaporians would be against a commonwealth revival, but i dont think the other 2 billion commonwealth citizens would be as favourably inclined.
I was with this girl who ordered a Scottish whisky and coke in Edinburgh.
[I actually made this image a few years ago
The vowels are slightly different
And god forbids you ever go to Italy and start telling the same things you wrote to a university student.
I guess your government are payed actors in a drama show called “Brexit Blues”
As a Dane living in Australia, a lot of my friends here would join an Army to defend the integrity of Europe....
That's what google translate is for ;)
They might polder their way to Australia.
Wasn't that that Australian guy wot nicked it?
I figured I'd have a better chance with the Dutch page than anything but it looks like an elaborate joke
very simplified explanation they *dont* generally work.
Clearly if there is a pretender to the throne outside Europe it should be us
Belisarius surprisingly defeated Gelimer with ease when previous Roman attempts (i.e.
Stopping to ask directions only works when there are people nearby
You only live once, and shit happens, right?
But your argument has no merit because you are implying that charities aren't *all corrupt scams* (either ponzi schemes, pyramid schemes or economic bubbles), and that statistics are primary sources/evidence....
Not only to Europe, but to the Middle East, Asia, and Australia as well: Please accept the apologies of the majority of Americans.
Your bank will have international numbers you can call that will be listed on website.
Its a pain to get through all the paper work but people do.
Edit: I have just been reminded that our capital city, Canberra, is most certainly soulless and boring
Pro-EU politicians were extremely corrupt so people got disillusioned.
Hell no, Eurail has got to be one of the biggest ripoffs in existence - if you take all buses you'll end up saving a ton.
You really shouldn't believe everything on reddit blindly
My best friend is visiting from Australia in a month.
It was never 'German'. You need to learn the difference
Here I’ve only seen two
Heraklion
What private tour guides do you recommend?
BREXIT is caused by rubbish like this
It is was a risk for Vattenfall all along, considering Germany always had a strong anti-nuclear movement.
Apart from Lord Howe Island wanting to be part of New Zealand instead of Australia
Sounds delightful, is it friendly to visitors
Currently waiting in Guangzhou airport for my flight to Australia.
Hi everyone, I'm an Australian travelling around europe for 5 weeks flying into Istanbul and travelling across the continent to Amsterdam, where I fly back home.
Australia too, but in a more explicit way.
Are we gonna make a poll on which one's the second best when they are all done?
America also doesnt have their ethnicity you are American, but at the same time Chinese or Arab American.
They rely upon the vertical precipitation system, whereby water condenses in the air above the crops during specific meteorological events
So what if Germany takes over all of Europe again?
Im bit sure how the rest of Europe fairs but I know I could make much more in the US and slightly more in Australia.
Because that's what it means in Spanish, so people probably get them confused
culture they say) - whereas all the Aboriginals can do is happily survive being left in the middle of a vast red-hot desert, equipped with a stick
Politically, things are more complex
*Germania* - nice name
Although practically one knows about Lucky Luke
This time Poland will do the partitioning now
I've never thought about moving somewhere else permanently and I don't want to or think I would enjoy it.
If you are fleeing persecution there are *legal* avenues to get to Australia (or another safe country).
Whole Brexit thing is a complete shenenigan.
Australia had what's now called the stolen generation
Same language, same religion, same people.
Is there much support in Poland for getting rid of the Palace of Culture?
That Aboriginals (Australia) were already dying out when the British invaded and that if you really think about it “the British saved them”.
The Su-35 also has a larger RCS by about an order of magnitude, a larger heat signature due to its size and engines, etc.
truly 1 of the worst era's of architecture.
Not anymore
it's almost like cars are bigger than humans
I was living in Denmark around 2 years ago (from Australia) and was shocked at how cheap cigarettes could be compared to Australia where 1 packet is around AUD$35 or about 160DKK
Well, the problem is that the US actually changes the requirements for Australians (and other Visa Waiver Program nationals) who have dual nationality with certain countries (or who have visited certain countries).
The air was filthy (couldn't see from one side of Tienanmen Square to the other), it's difficult to walk around because the roads are massive and everything is barricaded off, and the main sites were disappointing (including the Great Wall and Forbidden City).
Venice is nice but I would do varena (lago Di Como) over it any day.
As an Australian, reading this thread is quite amusing and highlights the difference in climates and housing design
In most modern places here, the hot water is instant
Over the wall - not so much
America first, Australia second
It's almost like the climate is changing
Not sure how the 8 million or so Jews that aren't Israeli are responsible for that?
Yeah
We definitely have some interesting couchsurfing stories though ha ha
Sounds delightful, is it friendly to visitors
Why don't you understand this
Most of them are extremely fluent in English anyway, so you'd be able to get by whilst learning Norwegian
I looked into that term "Negative right to freedom of expression" some more, and I feel like it actually doesn't guarantee anything of the such, without the EU law that brought it into law here in 1998.
My knowledge of swedish is basically: I think I could do pretty well introducing myself with casual formalities but generally any question beyond "varifrån kommer du” and "hur mår du" I'll struggle with
Ikea needs to add this to their stores
Surely, as a German of all people, you are familiar with the concept of a false flag attack, [no]
You're still an EU citizen, aren't you?
Australia, new zealand, canada or the us
Australia is a fun place, I especially enjoy the Bondi Beach and shrimp on a barbie.
Hmm, the US has associate membership too, like Australia.
And yes, the Royal Flying Doctor service is touched on briefly in Australian schools
Universal values and human rights, but not for refugees.
Look at [a case of Luxembourgism] caught by an Australian.
Having one at a polling place on election day is so iconic that we call it a ‘democracy sausage’. They can otherwise be found at Bunnings (hardware store) on the weekend or at any standard school fête/barbecue/outdoor event
Also They, they has always been a neuter option for ages
I mean I came to the comments for the political talk, interested to see people's views
Well we have a spot opening up soon.
Somehow this doesn't apply to Greece
^please ^let ^us ^stay ^we ^love ^eurovision ^a ^lot.
He had slaves too, and had sex with his slaves
If you read the articles, it wasn't until Alem Matthees, *an Australian*, sued for Freedom of Information that the data was released, after more than 4 years of inaction of any UK body.
Imports from non-EU countries should be much cheaper once we have trade deals in place and we can get much more value for money than what we currently get from EU producers & manufacturers.
It doesn't have to be a choice between career and travel.
My niece has a Happy Feet DVD where you need to select Australia for English.
Edit: Teachings and Activites in Joey's - scouts generally have a bit more emphasis on Aboriginal Australian culture, because if you think about it then everything Scouts have been doing, the Aboriginal people have been doing for over 50,000 years
They’re tearing each other apart right now
I'd have taken the EFTA option; I think quite a lot of Remain voters would have done, since nothing in the Remain campaign extolled the benefits of political union but only of the single market.
I think we have the most stores per capita in the world
Pretty much every time I've had sex, I was too drunk to drive.
Politically Australia is more like the UK in my opinion, but products-wise (yes I judge that) it feels a tad more American (when I was there in Noosa, the stores had that...
Nah I just talk shit about people all the time
In Australia it's always $1,200
I love conversions like these
cars, the wombat becomes an asymmetrical launching pad, with results that can be imagined, but not adequately described
It was the largest federation the world had ever seen.
In order to survive, you steal again, and get caught again
Again, not all the things I write about Sweden are negative.
I guess I play too much HOI4 or EU4
And now because English is the international language, and spoken all over the world, it's gonna pretty much be impossible to update the writing system and to get everyone in every country to agree to it
This happens in Australian English too but the prevalence isn't as high as in the US.
Yeah, I think once I've mastered German (ha ha ha, never gunna happen) I might try my hand at learning Dutch
I hadn’t ever broken it up completely though, so thanks for that
I'm jealous of you continent guys.
Seems pretty simple to me
Australia isn't old enough to have classical music, but we do have Midnight Oil's "Wedding Cake Island"
November to March expect 30 or more during the day
I believe it doesn't work for me then :/
My cousins in Slovenia say they get a bit of a shock too sometimes, more so their elderly family members though lol
Yup
It's mainly mining companies, China (we are over dependent on China) and general big business
I knew the Dutch liked to get high
Can I travel within the Schengen area for more than 90 days?
**Denmark is threatened to silence about Australian refugee policy.**
There is a train station in Cusco and some trains do go from Cusco to MP.
That was a few years ago now, but we have been back a few times.
about the su-57 - Russians haven't even introduced it to their airforce yet, hasn't seen any use as an air superiority fighter, and by most accounts it's largely undeveloped
Way higher than it used to be but still pretty low.
First thought Australia, but New Zealand seems like a safer option.
It's definitely workable with the 'refugees' coming across the med.
New Zealand is full of great mountains too and generally awesome scenery.
When I was growing up we didn't have air-con at home or school and we used to wear a wet tea cloth around our necks & I used to sleep on a wrung out wet towel
Specifically the area around Sydney Opera house and I have no clue about Melbourne
Hello mate
I know opinion on mental health can vary quite a lot depending on where you are in the world
I don’t know how but my hometown managed to become a big fuck off city yet is still obscure somehow
E.g. 9/11 happened at 10-11pm here
Pay $80 a month now, have never even seen speeds above 1
Those just did not happen, right?
And the board said: "Yes".
It is good to see it is on your list.
Ours would probably be iPhone 7 plus, Samsung Galaxy s7 and Google Pixel
The US and Australia detain asylum seekers.
Take a selfie with a snake
I'm Aussie, first generation from Italian parent
I was there over the weekend for Bonfire Night
>so I guess we’re continuing with feet on both sides
>I've learned that English speaking people never ever respond with just one word
sexy sexy Soviet communist butt stuff I bet
As with many things in America it seems, you take something relatively normal and useful, and turn it up to 11 as a competition
We set an immigration policy to meet our needs, and accordingly we are delighted to welcome such highly qualified people wherever they may come from.
It's one of the most culturally diverse countries on Earth
I just prefer those places - continental Europe doesn't really interest me (Except in terms of History).
It's probably not news to anyone that India and Pakistan aren't in the EU.
Ah sorry Macca’s is a slang term for McDonald’s lol
Why would you want to live in Europe
English and French sentence structures are almost identical
Only the minority is very vocal.
This money can be used to fund all of this.
It's all about a damp wet snall rock on the other side of the world.
The irony here though is that Clinton herself was playing the "women card" with all the ads about the "first female president".
Extremely Based
Australia came close though, despite being pretty much as far away from Europe as you can get.
Thousands died in the punitive action.
* The dam walls would also have a railway, allowing freight and passenger traffic along them
I had never heard of the term Anglo Celt identity until I lived in Australia, where is was used often.
If it's not too late; I would like to reserve Pomerania, or Milan, or a Dutch OPM.
Its happening in Australia
I generally scream "BLITZKRIEG
It seemed to be similar in Argentina
**Melbourne** Words cannot describe my contempt for this city
This is honestly just retarded.
It's currently closed for renos and thanks to covid, won't open until 2021
- Often depicted wearing a lai and Hawaiian shirt due to his absence from the bushfire crisis because he decided to go on holiday in Hawaii in middle of it
But Brits far and away more than anyone else.
For instance, someone from the UK might put Australia in the first tier, Serbia somewhere in the middle and Mongolia near the bottom.
How long was he doing it for
>(which is done by an hygienist but in the same clinic as the actual dentist one, so "going to the dentist" sometimes refers to the clinic and not to the professional
Everyone felt something: anger, fear, happiness...
According to Eurovision, all the way to Australia :/
When I was a child I found Australian history quite boring, because it really is taught in a fairly dull way, but there are a lot of quite interesting moments in Australian history
I've heard people pronounce it 'arch', but the first syllable is actually 'ark'
I also know that New Zealand or Aotearoa has had the same case in forging their cultural identity too
He was accused of sexually abusing and harrassing children in the 90s.
:flag_au: / :flag_nw:
I get many compliments about my hat
It's really just all about the Gallipoli campaign
Now that is some groundbreaking technology right there!
Most partner nations are a couple orders of magnitude less over the lifetime of their F-35s.
Germany to propose the Australian solution for the migrant crisis: migrants that will arrive in Europe illegally by boat will be send to asylum seeker centers in Northern Africa
First of all, you should book travel insurance, and register your trip with your country's relevant authority (e.g.
The policy itself is effective, but the way it was implemented was inhumane.
Genuinely curious
Maybe we should have had a word for that, but are you seriously telling me Norwegian has not borrowed any non-slang English (or any other language) words that didn't exist in Norwegian beforehand
Why can't it be like Australia where the spiders carry the rats away lol.
As we were getting out of the lift my boyfriend turned to me and loudly explained what they were saying about me
I'm English...I'm fluent in Australian, New Zealandish, Canadian...but not the French part, American, normal Irish, also one of the south African languages....the English one.
Spelling is supposed to reflect the spoken language, not the reverse.
"God's Own Country") and "Best bloody place on earth, bar none, strewth
I hadn't even thought about it in many years but this comment brought the memories back
One of the most spectacular points along the way was Khongorin Sand dunes, about a three day drive south from the capital Ulaan Baatar.
!RedditAllenKey
If they are then sure, I'll give them shit.
And they're totally oblivious to it as well
We invented the Blackbox Flight Recorder
The £30 limit really only applies to contactless cards.
Fuck, trade talks, let them join.
'toung kissing' sounds revolting to me tbh
john went to the servo though the forest exept hes a pov cunt
German I can understand because I studied it, and about 30-40% of Dutch
You are a young Aboriginal boy, around 9 or 10, who lives in a tiny town in Western Australia, out in the desert
As a semi rural Australian guy who plans to live in Milan, do you have any tips or links to help me not look like such an uncultured tourist
Just because he was an experienced swimmer, doesn't mean it's IMPOSSIBLE for him to have drowned, so I think that's what happened
Please tell me that "Australian regions" isn't supposed to refer to New Zealand.
Finding that out was so crazy to me
The US can't be in both places if Europe is not committed to do its part in the alliance.
Tourist was at least a few metres away from the snake which was sunbathing on concrete at the time, it's still dangerous to have your back to a snake though, especially if it's something like a brown snake which are agressive and venomous
Legend has it that if you pronounce
More than I thought they would
Nice
I largely agree, which is why I think it would have to be a "weak" union.
That's why half of them in English match
It's why Australia is allowing more us troops into Darwin and new Zealand is allowing us destroyers and crusiers back into its harbor.
A delicacy only deserved by true pain au chocolat followers.
They're cute
They should have their own
I'm pleasantly surprised at the majority of comments here, I thought /r/europe would be sucking this right up.
I would stay longer in Singapore or add it to your Australia stretch.
The US already has an FTA with Canada and Australia, and TTIP would have given us an FTA with the UK.
Well, some people love a leg of ham but are too kind hearted to kill the pig, so it becomes...
I'd imagine most airport hubs fly direct to Australia.
>And of course having little robots everywhere
It's almost like the climate is changing
Well they're not Slavic are they
Haig's also pretty hated by those who know of him in Australia, because there were plenty of Australians who died under his command
Hinterland Motorhomes provide a huge range of used and affordable #Motorhomes for sale in #Australia.
What is the word for milk in Greek
>À toi notre sang, ô Patrie !
And so it was recorded in English as well.
I moved here, from Australia, and I can't imagine moving back!
Definitely would've paid though, I thought it was brilliant.
As long as [Pedro Pascal] plays the Gypsy
Tasmania does lots of dairy farming
It's always bad
It's entirely iconic, too
It's not in the interest of Australia to destroy their economic ties in favor of some superficial cultural ones.
That's why checkups (with x-ray) are important, at least every couple of years
Late but not that many people smoke and there's definitely a stigma against it
When did Australia become part of Ireland?
Sometimes I even make my own if I have an item that has a story behind it, for example I have a real casino chip from vegas that I stuck a magnet to the back of.
Not dissimilarly, any Commonwealth Citizen has access to British consular services if their country hasn't otherwise provided for consular services in the country they're visiting.
Germany starts demanding other countries food, they give it to him to get him to shuttup but then he starts demanding more and eventually starts a massive food fight
"Fush en chups"
I guess Erdogan was your history teacher?
Ok I see
(Beds are burning is about the stolen generation, Dreamworld is about the construction of the Dreamworld theme park, etc)
There's issues in Australia for sure, but I wouldn't say it's 'out of control'.
They may have jumped at the opportunity but they didn't start the second war.
I find it hard to believe that Hungary is only at 22%.
my favourite is seeing commercial where a family sits down to a nice traditional Christmas dinner, with a baked ham and winter comfort foods
I friend of mine was in Melbourne, Australia and visited a local league football match.
If I've learned one thing from Reddit it's that as terrible as American ISPs are, Australia has it far worse.
Your conversation is just something that should be held in a class, it has anything to do with the factual reality of a country, nor its economy, nor its people.
What is happening in Europe is the same thing that is happening across the western world, why we have Trump in the US, Le Pen in France, Farage in the UK, Wilders in the Netherlands - why Australia has had five prime ministers in six years and the current government still denies climate change and gay rights.
*map shows the UK doing poorly*
For comparison, 19 thousand troops of the Empire died on the first day of the Somme - the vast majority of those were British.
Cunt (friend/mate)
Fair enough
England - English
TL;DR Worried about long term travel.
Please provide more details about the jokes
As much as I agree with the 'Australian model', having recently visited Australia I get the feeling there is a lot of violence and abuse that takes place there...
50+ years on the wrong side of Iron Curtain is not good for a country(you and I perfectly know why) not to mention being subject while you have a lot of resources not to mention being subject to Russia.
A free Belarus is good for all
One should wish to be both, but, because it is difficult to unite them in one person, it is much safer to be feared than loved
Fun hurling story; my mum is Irish and my dad always trots out the same joke any time someone mentions hurling; "to be a hurler you need knobbly knees and no front teeth
The closest person we have to that would be Ned Kelly, despite being a murderer, thief and overall and extremely dangerous criminal bushranger (Australian Cowboy)
Most probably yes, sharpen the tip of the hat and it will impale the drop bear when it drops into your head from the trees
My family friends live in Australia and they have done the swimming with whaleshark and said it was incrEdible!
And if you split Asia Pacific into Asia and Pacific, I'm almost certain that the Pacific would come on top of Europe for renewables, some parts of Australia have had days of completely renewable energy
Spent just over a year in the NorthWest of Australia.
I knew about Canada but the others?
Surprised it isn't liek that for foreign languages.
Plus our economy is integrated with Asia and Australia.
Well clearly you're not a product of Australia's number 1 tier education system.
No matter what you say or what your "expert" says, he IS running for president.
Wow
I like Joe, but srsly, fuck Johan.
26th the day after Christmas is boxing day when all the sales are on.
(Goon is a slang word for cheap boxed wine, and that gave rise to this [classic meme]
Where to buy 4WD for living out of in Australia?
I wish we had winter in the first place
Had he asked croatia vs Spain or even Croatia vs Catalonia of course my answer would change.
I'm not supposed to tell you all this but here it goes:
Australians will arrive anywhere in thongs (flip flops)
There's lots of Australians who are descended from Italy and Greece.
Personally i don't mind if Australia join.
Isn't Canada mostly a commodity export economy like Australia?
In the winter, there will be mornings with frost on the grass and cars
According to the lore, heavy has a PhD in Russian literature
the US or Australia, that are far more similar, don't have free movement.
But the PKK is designated as a terrorist group by Australia, Canada, Germany, the UK and US and many western countries.
Botswana is doing great economically but has a massive HIV crisis and a poverty rate around 10%.
That's why I said "compared to Australia". But that bit about the Benelux is still amazing
Oh no, I went out at night plenty (every night I was there)!
I refuse to believe that most US public toilets are too disgusting
So that's how Australia keeps the warboys off the streets!
The only top predators Australia has are alligators and crocodiles, but the US has them too.
Most Australians are now urban dwellers, having
Don't forget our awesome Ä and Ü
Is there a lingua franca for Eastern Europe?
It completely threw me when I heard it
Sun’s out, Guinness out
Okidoki (okeydoke/y) is seen as a different word, and is a bit old fashioned
Your study visa for the UK is totally separate to the Schengen visa.
And if she is a very naughty girl, Saint Nicholas will not bring her any gift this year.
Scores detained as police disrupt Belarus protest
Almere is not that bad, although when I visit and walk into stores speaking English with an Australian accent, people get very shocked and think that I overslept on the train and meant to get off in Amsterdam.
The government used to kidnap aboriginal children from their families and take them to "missions" where they would be taught how to live and act as white people did in an attempt to assimilate them into European society
I cringe every time I hear people discussing their damned investment properties.
In the Netherlands, rent a bicycle, leave the city, and just follow nodes from a _knooppunten_ network.
It's so mind blowing
Kind of same as if this happened in Australia.
An event we're all taught about in school is the Eureka revolution
Bloody kiwi's
They are always young people with backpacks, asking you if they can sleep on your couch.
There's a difference between a solid economy and a state that for some reasons has twice the GDP per capita that surrounding regions.
I might add more to this later, I'll put new edits here:
Economic engagement with Asia is a must and not a choice.
If you choose not to vote, you have chosen not to vote.
Just go with whatever feels natural
Also helps when a portion of the population can't afford to be in the waiting list at all.
It's hard to keep track of that if like Word just had a universal English where it recognises everything
He must be an Australian, trying to confuse people!
Or is that just a name
any opinion on reunification with northern Ireland if it becomes possible?
As per usual, we are not distinctive in any way.
I do in fact
Also, a lot of assholes from Metro Vancouver seem to end up there on the weekends.
Man I fucking love castles, and there's so many different kinds around Europe to visit, it's something I never get tired of
I love this
You're
If you are a non-US citizen, you may even have even more opportunities available to you for work holiday.
For an Italian it was much farther the US than to a Briton, but Australia was as far to both of them.
I actually went there my second time in Dublin
Eventually, the new lot of people stopped being
I'm in Melbourne
I’d still go there
I learnt loads 10 mins on Al-Jazeera English that I didn't realise was going on globally
Pretty sure it's higher than that, the more popular brands are around $35-ish
What do you call white Africans who live in America?
You can read it on wiki
I’ve always found the youth of Warsaw to be so progressive, so I was rather surprised when I saw the way people voted
**ACT** Shit cunts and summernats
Milan seems to be a great place to go to me, but I admittedly haven't done too much research
I am English first, British second and if anyone starts on Australia or New Zealand I'll knock you out.
I look forward to trying these :)
I been there during the times of DDR, when it was called Karl-Marx-Stadt
Scottish and Scouse are very funny.
Here, Christmas Eve is just an (mostly) ordinary day
You would need a Schengen, Irish and British visa.
In Australia, ALL our waters are infested with atleast something, you just need to either take the right precautions or just gamble with your life
Nothing better than brunost with strawberry jam on toast
Netherland - Netherlish
The best answer would be to help improve the economic conditions of countries there.
Same with Nepal, Malta, India and many other countries
In Australia the true universal suffrage (regardless of race) wasn't achieved until 1962.
I went to Kenya, I hear Swiss German at the breakfast table.
How many operate on chinese websites?
Fighter planes dog fighting is entirely believable
I have been to SEA several times, and in Thailand particularly I met nearly as many Scandinavian tourists as those from much more populous Western countries such as the UK, Germany, and Australia.
What
I meant that we could build a new city like Australia built Canberra and Brazil built Brasilia.
Its such an easy solution you get an education, and you are still travelling - just making one destination your home for a short while.
Australia can send bombing missions to Iraq but wont take the refugees it created.
Well done dude :)
Or quote anything from it
I love this image
Australians have more lives than cats.
France has similar things, rue / place de la République / de la Liberté especially
And when we ask what it means in English, most of you struggle to say the word
Not everything is desert (Just look at a fucking map)
Besides, this is Australia, we have far more than our fair share of ocean dwelling shit that will kill you in minutes
For the non-Yurop countries that are around the top, it's Canada 7, New Zealand 8, Australia 10, Israel 11, Costa Rica 12, USA 14, Chile 20.
I've posted this elsewhere but it really does help so I though I'd share:
Wow that's really interesting thank you so much for sharing
Might try Latvia instead then
I think people forget that it is a big city so it will be slightly dirty.
As someone who is half Maltese
The only "interesting" names would be Queensland, New South Wales and Tasmania
It's a swamp, beaten into submission with more than the usual Dutch approach to aggressive terraforming
there's a lot about the UK I dislike but there is honestly nothing more I hate than seeing British expats trash the UK every chance they get.
Fun fact, Major General Alan Stretton, the man in charge of the evacuation of Darwin after the cyclone hit, went on a holiday trip to China in the 90s, and was followed by Chinese spies
Haha possibly although most of Queensland don't know what aircon is and the windows in our houses open up all the way too
Moved from the uk, with its official limit of 112 km/h and effective limit of 135 km/h, to Australia where speed hysteria never really evolved into the more nuanced road policing approach, 100 km/h limit on motorways except for some glorious sections of 110 km/h, and god help you if you're more than 10 km/h over the limit
The town itself is quite cute but the real draw are Les Calanques which in April you might be ok swimming in (I hiked them just last week and I ended up in just a singlet about 20 mins) - if you like hiking, this is a really good place to do it
(Furthest east is Byron Bay, NSW, which is as far east as you can get on the mainland of course).
I've worked split shifts in hospitality (two hour break between lunch and dinner) and it's the fucking worst
Why are people getting offended by these comments, can't people understand political rhetoric.
I'd highly recommend doing a night tour also.
The good thing about English is even if you use the wrong stress, you will still easily be understood
This was my first thoughts and I was surprised it took so long for it to even be mentioned in the comments.
During the cold war thousands of tiny bomb shelters were built all over the country in the shape of mushrooms - supposedly today virginities are lost as often in the bunkers as they are in cars in america!
The fact that you spoke to a stranger for 2 hours makes me think that you are not actually a German, or
Self-driving cars will be the norm within a decade.
The original definition of liberal, relating to individual liberties is something I believe in however with political correctness and identity politics they have tainted the definition of "liberal"
Hopping in from all
This is the plan for the final week:
Don't like sport, don't like the beach, don't drink and don't like Vegemite
but IKEA told me that allemannsretten means a nice dinner of their frozen veggie balls
It's not required in Australia and it's just estimated here.
They're American wannabes like the rest of you /s
Smaller place and lots of interesting stuff to do and see for tourists including tours of Parliament House, the National War Memorial and a bunch of other things
I am quite surprised I thought that Australians can travel without any visa requirement to the US/UK or CA
Nationalism is not the problem.
The result is that when conflict disrupts trade, the food becomes boring
America is just a parody of what it used to be
BBQ and a cold drink weather
Back then many Australians and NZers identified as British anyway.
Z.b. dein Brudi hat das Bier gekauft
~~Thousand~~ Twelve Year Reich
In the UK, North America or Australia etc...
What
The Independence-class Littoral Combat Ship (it's not a Battleship...) isn't an American design, it's actually an Australian design.
We've been given the impression that Indonesia is the best version of a secular islamic state.
are issues in India, Africa and so on, not in Europe.
Moreover, Assimilation policy also sought to breed out aboriginal people through Biologically integrating them into White society- ethnic cleansing is the epitome of evil shit
- There are over 500 Aboriginal nations (They don't like being called tribes) each with their own unique language, stories and teachings
Again, if I did the same from an Australian point of view, I'd be told to take it to /r/Straya.
What kind of work were you doing there?
Happened to me when I was in Italy lmao
Ok, why are you travelling with a single credit card?
I'd kinda like to see a semi-elected House of Lords and then the elected ones could function like some kind of senate, elected by larger constituencies than the Commons ones.
I'd love to have those guys help us replace our population!
Sorry, Russia hasn't got anything on the west when it comes to that.
How can I best prevent these things from happening?
And where, around the overflow, the reed beds sweep
Living in the surrounding area in France is like living in the next town.
Instead of school or home, you decide to go play with your mates like you have done for weeks now, still wearing the same clothes as last week, unwashed
Would a street-smart Australian be likely to be bashed up if they entered Chavvy areas of the UK?
My parents watched it growing up and now I have a Eurovision party at my house every year
Should culture be respected if it is, for instance, considered racist by the rest of the world?
*map shows the UK doing poorly*
Apparently, and I'm not 100% sure about this, but the Arabic name for Germany is Almaniã, I've been told this is a loan word from French although I'm not really sure
Britain has strong ties to Australia, so the Anglos had a bigger impact there, much like the Spanish and Portugeuse had south of the USA and right down through South America.
What constitutes respect or disrespect?
Not everything with a heartbeat will kill you
Cloudy day at The Whitsundays, Australia.
That's why I said I was shocked to hear that
But my question still stands :P
Tipping is rare here
Lots of older houses don't have it, although it is becoming standard in all new construction
Like how we learn that we used to ship all our convicts to Australia, or how we learn that the Great Wall of China was built to keep the Huns out.
This is one hell of a strawman
Surprisingly New Zealand is the country with the highest skin cancer not Australia
Wanting to travel to Australia...
That’s not being “honest” or “blunt”, that’s just rude
The Aussie was convinced there was no reason to leave Queensland.
Can only imagine the level of education in Bulgaria if your reading comprehension is this bad
Australian answer: Literally every city other than Sydney, Melbourne, Canberra
Go back and study English Literature
How on earth did you manage to sneak a photo of Guernica?
Can't believe it's been 6 years, I still remember waking up and reading the news that day
Get on the subway or a bus and just get off somewhere.
The revelations  as you watch are OMG
What happened to it after the unification
Also the school I went to had a rule where you weren't allowed to use a pen until you could write in cursive and received a "pen license" but some people including myself used a pen anyway and if any of the other students questioned us, we would tell them (politely) to fuck off
Thinking of moving now
How many terms can a Canadian PM have?
American accents are the easiest to understand of all.
Having one at a polling place on election day is so iconic that we call it a ‘democracy sausage’. They can otherwise be found at Bunnings (hardware store) on the weekend or at any standard school fête/barbecue/outdoor event
>"I assert that the violence of the calamity of turbulent persons has injured me more than my services have profited me; which is a bad example for the future
The big banana,  The big lobster, just Victoria in general
All those places would be very difficult and expensive to visit on the ground, and they probably look better from above (I certainly don't think Kati Thanda would be nearly as impressive at ground level - see [pictures] - it really looks more or less that good out of your plane window)
BBQ and a cold drink weather
If I didn't have aircon, I would boil.
Literally anywhere that isn't Perth, Darwin or the East Coast
yea no, "acting" in porn consists of degrading yourself and your body for money, its something any person can do and takes no skill
Sorry about that
You can spoil your ballot paper (you're not supposed to but with a secret ballot they can't tell who did) but you have to put one in the box.
Most airlines let someone else pay for the flight but I would call or email just to make sure.
Usually when a foreigner mentions the animals, we warn them about the drop bears *wink wink*
+44c with a UV index of 15 in Australia was pretty wild.
I've posted this elsewhere but it really does help so I though I'd share:
Hey guys, I'm gonna be bouncing around SEA for a 7 week trip (in/out of Hong Kong) and was thinking about finishing the last 1.5 weeks in Australia in early May.
Aren't the animals a problem
Lots and lots of wallabies as soon as it turns dusk
Very intense battles being fought with armour, artillery and infantry as well as drones
Edit: Teachings and Activites in Joey's - scouts generally have a bit more emphasis on Aboriginal Australian culture, because if you think about it then everything Scouts have been doing, the Aboriginal people have been doing for over 50,000 years
They make sure you've fallen asleep before they call
I don't deny that Columbus brutally mutilated and killed many people, both native and Spaniard alike
You make a big assumption there, that the concept of reason is something of significance in their culture.
Soon you won't need a passport to visit Australia: Face recognition technology will vet travellers
I'm also saving to be in New Zealand on the working holiday visa starting in november.
In 1902 Australia allowed white women (women of European origin) to vote and to be elected.
If you're sticking to metro areas of California, you should be fine though.
I think you're making the wrong asumption, the fact that Europeans do want to go visit NA over Europe.
There's German words in there that I've never heard being used in English
Asian restaurant in Berlin
I dunno
In a cold snap
Culturally we are more akin to Canada, the USA, Australia, New Zealand - and to a lesser extent India, South Africa, Sri Lanka, Ghana, Nigeria, Jamaica etc.
if you look at the two places on a map, it's pretty easy to understand why.
The more hours you work, the less you are getting paid per hour.
I'll look into the consulate in Sydney if there is one, thanks.
But at the same time you created us
Edit some spelling errors
Most Australian's feel quite friendly towards Yanks.
Yeah
The only people who live in the desert are Aboriginals (Native Australians) and cattle farmers
The first of the confusing things about Australia is the status of the place
I for one welcome our new union of Anglo states, Canada and Australia can come too, new Zealand is welcome but it has to prove it's not full of orcs first.
That would have been the law a few hundred years ago.
Double cheese ration for you citizen!
Russia has sent positive feelers to PYD/YPG/SDF in the past (at least until their recent rapprochement with Turkey) while Turkey has been one of the main supporters of Ahrar ash-Sham.
French - already learning but it would relieve me of more years of work
Where did you get your views from USA, Canada and Australia from...
This all hinges on Europe stopping the Brexit, Trump trend.
What Air Force
Iceland is a bit chilly
LMFAO, crying in Australian
I wasn't aware of that when I visited Barcelona a few years ago
This is both amazing and so sad
dutch language sweetie i am so sorry
Now: Sydney
If you want to buy a bohemian crystal you will have to czech it out
I went to Kaunas once backpacking and hitchhiking with a friend
Prices tended to vary depending on how many people were in the van and the quality of the gers you stayed in.
Can confirm
UK was behind Turkey, Australia, Egypt, Ireland, South Korea etc.
I think the French took that too far so people don't even have to draw at all
By comparison, Melbourne climate is terrific
TIL that uitgang means exit in Dutch.
It is widely shown on the TV and can attract millions of viewers.
When did *he do anything racist or misogynistic*, he might have said some things but people can say anything, where is any tangible proof that he has done anything to deserve those labels?
It's hardly a secret in fact they recently posted images of Russian crewed artillery unit.
Nothing new
At all
>Phoenix Park in Dublin, Ireland is larger than all of London’s parks combined
Is your money and rich life-style really worth letting thousands of innocent people die ?
Is it as popular as it was during the cold war
Victoria 3 confirmed
Thought it was either Moskau or 99 Luft Balloons
Portugal once again showing its colours as an Eastern European country.
When I was a kid I thought Spain was in Siberia and Bulgaria wasn't a country
Oiy Cunt I’m comin for ya
More recently however, due to the pandemic, our government has been pissed at China and they have threatened a trade war with us
Pointing out problems in Europe and pointing out faults within certain cultures is not hateful
Everything costs more, but for the locals, it evens out because they're also paid a lot more.
I usually go 2-3 times a year for a checkup and clean
We were the first country to use polymer banknotes instead of paper ones
Where other land masses and sovereign lands are classified as either continent, island, or country, Australia is considered all
Cycling to Docklands in Melbourne, Australia in the evening for some fish and chips (Sorry for the shaky shots, used the wrong weights for the gimbal)
In Australia, lived at multiple adresses in 5 states
Decentralise Europe into 3 spheres: Germanophone, Francophone & Italophone.
To OP, if you can go anywhere in the EU, I'd go to the Netherlands or the Nordic countries
I don't see them keeping those and removing all the European countries.
a lot in there
I am a big fan of freedom of movement.
Solar thermal will be a huge contender in 5 years.
Us, but probably because it's what I grew up with.
Le Roi, la Loi, la Liberté !
I was thinking of activating Vodafone's $5 a day roaming package so I can use my 8gb of data and 300 minutes of international call inclusions but still not sure.
Facial recognition to replace passports in security overhaul at Australian airports
We could eventually see someone winning an election on a Join EFTA manifesto, though.
There's no common identity, no wolf nipping at the heels (e.g.
Burrumbuttock
Yeah Canada and Australia the two ***commonwealth*** countries.
The ironic thing is that the petty nationalism that led to Brexit would likely make the lingua franca of the EU become not English but American English.
Why is that so worse there than elsewhere?
Blah blah blah, if derailing discussions was a crime you'd be in jail.
There isn't a limit for terms in Australia either.
As the great professor Clarkson said: we sent our criminals to Australia, and our religious lunatics to America.
We are SUPPOSED to be able to get around without a car but Sydney transport is a fucking joke and has problems with the train and the new self driving metro system every 10 minutes
Australia is too good for this, can't be second, Australia is the best in the World.
And when she corrected them they said 'oh but Austria is right next to Australia anyways'.
Doesn't work anywhere near as well anywhere in Asia though.
The numerous disasters that have occurred in the past 3 months are not a result of climate change/Climate change isn't real/Climate Change isn't a man made disaster and there is no way to stop it
the people who founded holland were a buncha rowdy hipsters who rebelled against the french and went to the swamp so you can't blame em for having some whacky names
$12USD in UK doesn't seem that much difference considering the minumum wage is Australia is $13.50 USD/hr compared to $9.81/hr in the UK.
Interesting place
I recently had airline staff kick up a huge stink over a one way flight to Hong Kong.
And Nazi Germany has one of the most extensive animal rights legislation at that time.
Passports to get into the UK, but the other way around is an outrage.
So the only thing I'd consider changing would be those two (they're so close to each other anyway).
You already got the visa, no reason to put it at risk.
How does that work
...Who now include Australia as a European nation..
Cities like Krakow, Prague, Budapest are beautiful cities that are cheap with lots of friendly people and are super fun over all!
And you guys have never borrowed words
I've heard Norwegian spoken, and you guys say/use tons of English words without 'Norwegianizing' them (as do many other languages)
The thing about American accent being the original British accent is a gross misconception that I'm pretty sick of hearing.
I think it's absolutely fine not to drink alcohol at all, even if it's a big part of your culture you don't have to force yourself
[Ahh yes, with the scene where a set of helicopters transporting the English Royal Family instantly freezes above Scotland and they all die in a violent burst of flames
Not this bollocks again, just about everywhere else in the developed world manages to do the job cheaper than you, even countries like Canada and Australia which are very large but much less densely populated.
So we aren't going with "Swamp German" for the Dutch
We don't get brown snakes here
Most Slavic languages can understand each other sufficiently with enough hand motions.
Book Luxurious Australia Cruise Tour Online
Não tou a ver
You guys aren't falling for that again hey
Untitled Goose game
He just hates anglo-saxons- he was ranting in another thread about how British immigration to Australia was aimed at maintaining the stock of Anglo_Saxons there, for example.
Even though this isn't correct, in my mind there's Western Europe, Eastern Europe and Russia
Perhaps this is an Australian thing, but "Americans know shit" comes off as more, "Americans are knowledgeable on this", whereas I think what you were trying to express would be better said as, "Americans know shit all".
R.I.P Budapest Mayor
- Visited a couple of fire affected towns so he would look good in the media which absolutely fucking backfired because he was shockingly rude to people and physically forced a woman to shake his hand when she refused his offer to
- Each nation has their own stories but some are shared by other nations and they differ slightly, most of the stories you'll find online are either a combination of these differing stories or a version of it from a more well known nation
Because less the 0.3% of EU populations that comes here each year ?!
It was about 30% in our last census (2016)
I am going to post what i said in another comment
My Dad & Brother are Autistic, this reminds me of them soo much
Your original comment is kind of misleading.
German beer is everywhere after all
I've made the move by an internal transfer.
French politics have always been more positive regarding our relations we Russia than, say, the U.S.
that's some messed up weather
I'm sure I would find a lot to do in Australia, although I don't plan to visit that continent.
I think they tried to get us to learn 'pure French' and avoid English words, even if they're common there
Australian, French, Scottish and Irish.
Yes, in Mission Beach in Queensland.
do you mean when he was asking for funding
Thinking of moving now
Does it align with East German communism, or are there other factors?
I'm a 3rd generation from my father's side.
Well thats whom I meant
I don't understand why people think it's hard in English
I'm somewhat doubtful about that actually.
Australia itself is a self-evident example that this is very much true.
Man I remember camping in Canberra in -3 and fucking freezing like it was the end of the world
Firstly, thanks for taking the time to respond like this, I love these passionate comments and this is a *great discussion*.
We just say 'partner' for that
Romania I'm guessing
We heard it too
TIL Malta is not an EU country /s
His biggest surprise was how at the stadium (15-20K people) the British accents would drown out the Aussies.
Why support a domestic car manufacturers that gives better deals to other continents and would have gone under if proper retribution was demanded for their crimes.
And I don't judge when a holidaymaker overdoes it and passes out or pukes in the street.
Well most of the world outside of Europe hasn't been bothered.
You said the same thing in both comments, that is unnecessary.
It was really high in the 50s, 80% of boys were getting it but it went down quite quickly.
I don't think anyone fell for it or thought it wasn't a PR stunt.
Not From Europe but definitely the Netherlands
Also its been 20 degrees celsius all week and I’m getting around in a t shirt
So what jobs do you think they have on a cruise ship that aren't shitty?
Well, clearly not so well known to *all* Greeks
Well done dude :)
**ACT** Shit cunts and summernats
It's difficult to say that even the most evil forces can have some good consequences
The Holy See
Just put your stuff away/check in later that night when you get back.
Oporto
Ireland is the home of Europes largest Alumina refinery - lots of bauxite coming in here all the way from Australia, West Africa etc.
Same with India when in the 40s they just let million stave, that one I kinda get just a bit because they were at war but they were the most powerful nation on Earth at the time
The thought of invading other countries is abhorrent to the people of the country.
As an Australian, it is my duty to go "pfft
The huge parts of the island being off limits kinda sucks since Malta is already suck a small island
Though I'm still wishing it was an actual wheel of cheese and they were able to actually smuggle it past security
Yeah, I actually voted remain as well.
It's impossible to feel any other way when you realise *why* the Italians came to this country...
Gets it right again
I don't disagree that it's bad for business, but surely that's still better than another wave
I can't speak for Russia or Poland, but USA definitely has large variation in accents, especially considering it's a lot younger country
Hillary was literally Hitler even though only /r/conspiracy knew it before this election.
The company isn't going to win an ISDS case if it tries to sue, so you would still have the option to implement the laws.
I know very little about Australia, ive always had this idea in my mind that they were like the US or something, how come they're always on top in the HDI index'?
So leaving room for traveling by car...
The work is project based and often contract.
Perhaps Israel, as I have a right on Israeli citizenship.
French - already learning but it would relieve me of more years of work
Why on earth Brits want to be arrogant and try pushing imperial system again?
But surely the check-in page must be more accurate than seatguru?
Lovely city
"Dad, that rat tasted funny"
Not pure evil or good, but a mix based on various topics
>only removes tartar (is this the right word
I should mention that I grew up in Canada and moved here as an adult
Shorts+t shirts or long pants+hoodie are acceptable at 25°C
I can't recall 10% deficit happening except when a nation is in a deep, deep crisis like Greece was.
Worth noting that the lower income people are more likely to smoke and tradies (tradespeople like builders, electricians etc)
There is a Dutch ice cream chain called Australian ice cream
But still, it took 307 years to get the first vote, and it failed, would it be wise 6 years later to have another one so soon
This is considered the third most embarrassing known way to die, and Australians don't talk about it much
I could probably pick it up in a few months with intensive instruction (Norwegian is, after Frisian, one of the easiest languages for Anglophones to learn after all).
Those that still mostly still sit on their own tractors instead of use these automatic industrial machines you sometimes see elsewhere.
“My Friend, you would not tell with such high zest; To children ardent for some desperate glory, the old Lie: *Dulce et decorum est, Pro patria mori*.”
How proven is the Typhoon, Gripen, Rafale, etc?
Which ports are you stopping in?
As an English-speaker, I'd be interested to see how this sounds
Can confirm "fuck you" sentiment is strong in my demographic of 18-25 Australians.
Thank you both for sharing, this is her interesting and I do like to see both sides of an argument
I have no idea how you got upvoted
I can't speak German, but I would know hundreds of common German words just from picking them up over the years
I like to use rhythm as a better example of this
Do Tintin characters count
Well we need to do what we did before with immigrants, stop picking them up off 12 miles the coasts of Africa, because that's how far we're going to save them.
Harder to sneak *out* of East Germany into West Berlin
[Australia] is the worst country in Europe.
I thought it was some political thing lol
They are a member of the council of Europe so no they don't have it.
The last row of seats usually doesn't recline.
Yeah speeding cams in Australia are pretty nasty, too.
Repost
That's actually very interesting, I always forgot how long the Ottoman Empire lasted, I would say the British Empire lasted about 140 years but the Ottoman lasted 600
That's even excluding China and smaller british cities like Edinburgh.
Important to note that this is just Minsk, Protests have been taking place in multiple towns and cities in Belarus all across the country today with pretty significant crowds emerging there as well
I'm concerned that a few basket cases and hysteria is going to make the move more difficult.
/r/MapPorn should definitely see this
A picture I took from my recent trip to Geoje Island, South Korea
Our ass got kicked by a couple birds, economy went to shit, got dragged into another few wars and all round it’s burning to the ground
As an Australian, I’d probably just throw the towel off, wait until they come back and convince them that as part of a penal colony there are no laws that can hold me
Australia managed to do a trade deal with the USA in 18 months, the EU couldn't manage it in 18 years.
What the fuck did WE do
Canada and Australia have a Constitution and a parliamentary democracy that is very much modeled on the British one but adapted to a federal state, and it doesn't seem to work out too badly.
My cousin and I were walking near the beach just after midnight and this guy approaches and offers to sell us some weed
Even my mate down the road (same street same suburb) gets almost 40 times my speeds at best (usually around 25x)
It's currently a massive destination for brits looking to leave the UK and can, along with Canada, pretty much choose from their pick of the crop.
I just spent a month back home in country Victoria, and the one thing I got sick of was having to drive everywhere
Tiny island with tiny population, but for some reason there's so many Maltese people in Australia
We kind of pick it up by cultural osmosis rather than people mentioning it outright in a history class, if that makes sense.
Apparently, a negative comment about a photo (without any sort of abuse) is worthy of deletion.
I lived for many years in the south of Denmark
The Queen is already monarch of sixteen countries, known as the Commonwealth Realms.
Germany needs thousands of police to keep people safe from rape on New Year's.
Always a wise choice for a budget conscious traveller.
Six
It'll be more of a headache sure, but it's still doable!
In general though my specific area has a small Polish community; a local soccer club called "White Star" with a badge similar to Wisła Kraków, and a local Polish school and community hall called Syrena
Articles are so much more simpler
Cambodia 3 years ago at 18 - 3 years later and I'm in my 33rd country solo :)
Only later in life did I learn they were the same thing
I really enjoyed that museum
I know little about Joey's or rovers but I can outline some of the aspects of the rest
It's low season, and I feel like if I'm not going to book it for next week, no one will.
Canberra and the ACT were built specifically to be the capital city, no clue why they put it where it is and I also don't know why they decided to make it the most boring place you could ever visit ever
Northern Italy
I am currently studying abroad in Australia and would love to go to New Zealand (probably the South Island?) for our mid session break in April.
what type of question is that
Some people might be afraid to refuse
Might have changed now
Although years ago I worked on a 45 day, in a manufacturing plant (which was much hotter) with full head to toe clothing, face mask and rubber boots/gloves/ apron
And don't forget the rest of Europe.
There's been a Measles outbreak in Sydney Australia, watch out for symptoms if travelling there!
So I don't think it would change much if it was done under the EU banner instead of the French one.
It would be insulting to pretend that they were settled when Canada, NZ, Australia, etc.
Don't get me wrong, the language looks fascinating, but I can't get past the sounds
If you aren't lucky enough to have a trust fund, it takes a lot of research, saving, and work.
didn't china stop counting new cases
A lot of educated people leave Estonia, making it hard for the country to truly develop
He took the thing by boat from Darwin to Singapore and then the rest of the journey was overland
Does Australia, NZ, USA or Canada have an indigenous president and are most of their inhabitants indigenous like Bolivia?
Hello
Probably that Germans have higher standards, which is fair
However, Finland's -20 degree days would destroy me.
I don't own an Iranian passport and never have, I don't have any association with the country (bar communication with family there).
Just a stamp and they let me through no worries.
Walking distance to everything you want to go to.
Does anyone have experience/advice on getting exit-row seats on Etihad flights?
Except Iraqi's i have no clue what you cunts are saying
I'm going to reverse that a bit!
Roman Empire was not comparable to a world order because it only had influence in it's immediate area.
8% not heard of Monaco
Besides the obvious large landmarks.
He was accused of sexually abusing and harrassing children in the 90s.
Doggerland expansion when
I really like the Polish names Agnieszka, and Katarzyna, and the Irish name Aoife
If you are 31 or younger you can get a year working holiday visa and RV around the place working farms if you fancy it.
There's not much in Europe like Wieliczka
Cinque Terre is posted on here pretty much everyday.
He does very well when paired with a comedian that makes him seem funny
And maybe somewhere like South Africa if you're adventerous.
All very wealthy countries interested in getting on with life and not wanting 'international' power.
I think it will help you understand a bit more about prescriptive and descriptive dictionaries
Sorry for my ignorance but I thought saami is what you called “Finnish”
Then I noticed the baby and his hand on the handle
Thanks for taking the time to answer :)
As a result most Americans don't have electric kettles, because they'd take forever to boil, whereas coffee makers are much more common
Filter /drip coffee is not common.
and sway to the breezes, and the rolling plains are wide
I was going to say Antarctica is a lot safer, but I guess the climate down there is a bit hostile.
We could potentially house trillions upon trillions of people if we could inhabit these lands and live there efficiently.
{insert your own regional swear word here} country in the world
It starts with one poolside chair
Germany's interior ministry floats hardline 'Australian-style' asylum policy
From your examples, the phrasal verb "work [something] out" is the closest that covers all these usages
Also I think when you have access to so many different cuisines, your bowels tend to get used to different foods
Virgin Australia has a pretty good range of movies and TV shows available.
Imperialistic tendencies are coming back
He was so experienced that we named a public swimming pool after him after he dissapeared
Hell, now their dollars go further, even..
That's how foreign and obscure many of these words are to most native speakers, even to those with higher university level education
Just to be clear, I would LOVE if they agreed to it.
Where other land masses and sovereign lands are classified as either continent, island, or country, Australia is considered all
People wouldn't be bullied for wearing glasses anymore because they were banned
Don't forget the "fully Independent" constitutional monarchies like Australia, New Zealand and Canada that are still under the British crown
I think the anglosphere will strengthen after all of this by becoming closer.
I also love the word for microwave
Airbnb can also be significantly cheaper than hotels and hostels.
Walk around till you have no idea where you are.
My family is Poland loves the 'sz' ending names
The right wing HDZ get so many donations from people in Australia, Canada and the US.
No it's not, Australia has the same policy in regards to illegal migrants and it's working just fine.
How long was he doing it for
We heat up to 18 in winter and down to 24 in summer, though we only have one cooled/heated room in the house  so usually just use fans until it's over 40
I'm freaking freezing here in Brisbane at 21c, I want my summer ;(
Travelling to these places (in general) I feel like I could integrate immediately and culturally feel at home.
Iceland is a bit chilly
And people genuinely confused as to why our mob are in Eurovision.
It was fundamentally undemocratic.
Also, those rankings are based on research output and mostly irellevant to student outcomes which is the main job of unis now days.
any legal difficulties with "It's his first time in Australia, so we took him to the pub
I think the French took that too far so people don't even have to draw at all
Hasn't Russia stopped bombing Aleppo for the last week with the humanitarian pauses?
When I did labouring work, the amount of grey haired Greeks I met was astounding
Australia (three times): there's a lot more than just creatures trying to kill you - sights, nature, wildlife (the ones not trying to kill you) and Aussie lifestyle for example.
>People do not replace their native language with English
Omg "éblabla" might be the funniest/strangest word I've ever seen lol
What about the broken wall that had a chunk knocked out
Is there a Finnish translation of the Lumberjack song
It's like the China of Europe when it comes to treatment of animals
More UK troops were killed in WW1 (let alone in Gallipoli) than the rest of the empire combined and as a percentage of their population.
Luckily it was a red bellied black snake which, although are extremely venomous, tend to piss off the second they sense anybody near them
I lived in the Northern Beaches so I had a long commute, but I was also able to watch the sunrise over the ocean from my living room (totally worth it for a Midwesterner) and be close to my friends.
Rugby countries often have fantastic anthems, particularly SA, Scotland, France and the king of them all, NZ
I, for one, welcome our new Bulgarian allies
I recommend Smoko if you want to hear some of that
Lest we forget
It had no real noticeable effect and was met with wide noncompliance and nowadays you have biker gangs in Australia running around with machine guns.
I've couchsurfed a handful of times now and I can tell you it's fine, you also end up meeting some really cool people and best of all you get to see a side of the country you're visiting that you otherwise would not be able to see - you get to see how everyday life is there and you get to see and do things you'd never find on your own.
'bo de b' for the greatest sandwich in the whole city
I have no fucking clue how to pack.
Australian suburbs are copy-cats of American suburbs, endless sea of houses built in the last 20-30 years max with a local shopping centre and school
Good luck over there
(We don't know why) But we know why Australia joined.
It is certainly interesting
Close enough I guess
OMG same here
I know the Irish anthem in Irish and English
Just curious to hear from an Italian what it's like
I personally have a hard time hearing any sort of 'flow' or structure
Yeah that one gets annoying as well, half the venemous animals here haven't even killed anybody on record here, or at least not killed in a very long time
Also, if you don't, [Hawaii's state flag] is going to look pretty darn archaic.
I know many in Europe don't consider Poland to be 'eastern', but I do and always have
Um, Australia and Mexico aren't Europe mate
We do but nobody ever obeys it
Australia depends on high commodity prices.
Yeah, but they often don't give prices or allow you to print a ticket.
I just wanna add:
Turning the tide
Clever Austrians, making the world think that Mozart was Austrian, but Hitler was German
It may be similar to the longer visa an Australian can get for the USA - it has to be done in Australia, it can't be done once you're in the US.
I'm pretty sure it's possible to stop being a member, but there's not much point unless you live in a country with a church tax and don't want to pay it.
Chzechia*
I've heard Norwegian spoken, and you guys say/use tons of English words without 'Norwegianizing' them (as do many other languages)
Travel Tips For Australia (East Coast)
In my experience an Australian (well, Brisbane) winter is fairly similar to a decent British summer.
I’ve been in those situations myself
Tangambalanga
I tought that was a thing Australians invented about about New Zealand
Have you been bitten by a spider before
Okay so Spain, Belgium, the UK, Sweden, Denmark, the Netherlands, Australia, New Zealand, and Luxembourg aren't democracies?
", I was quite dissapointed to be honest)
That's crazy, my grandparents moved with my mother to Australia during the 60s, but one of the uncles (who also came out) moved his family back to Belfast because his wife was homesick.
Useless Loop
Then again, we elected a 13 year old child to run our country so who knows.
Important to note that this is just Minsk, Protests have been taking place in multiple towns and cities in Belarus all across the country today with pretty significant crowds emerging there as well
(I do though because they are cool
If we don't have a border we don't have a country.
Someone from north Queensland (tropical part) would find Melbourne weather on the cool side
Midwest steak and potatoes isn't unique, but nonetheless it's a prominent and very tasty part of USA cuisine.
The only high ground you have is moral
I just checked the website, the programme ended after 79 days apparently.
I used a Nikon D7200 (crop sensor) with a Sigma 18-35 ART and a Samyang 85 f1.4 (fully manual)
They'd be the most populous nation in the EU.
I don't think that matters though, if i'ts the EU its the EU, not much has changed there yet.
Air-conditioning
Looks like a designer mocked up four different designs and said; "which one do you like
I think the Italian and San Marino governments should meet to arrange lifting the entirety of San Marino country out of Italy, and swapping it with that little island (Pantelleria) down south
If I get to call myself a “Waffenhandler” then count me in
(When I got to the top, I remember thinking "Is that it
Yesterday morning had quite a bit of cloud cover where I was.
Australia should join EU (Europe Under) :-P
However, as I said, I also stated it was a great country and that I would like to live there after I turned 35 and [here] I also post good things about Sweden.
I'm not sure what Gymnasium means in Danish, but I think you're using the German meaning of it (a high school for smart people).
At least you guys get relative warmth in place.
Résumé.
Americans buy what they're told to
I also flew from Bilbao to Seville...
Instead, they are genial, jolly, cheerful, and always willing to share a kind word with a stranger,
Stupid question, but why have a summer home in northern Sweden?
We have an affinity with the likes of Australia, Canada, New Zealand and the United States (albeit to a lesser extent) which we do not have with any European nation.
Learned British English, a few times differences in British, US American and Australian English would be mentioned, but generally anything else than "proper" British standard English would be corrected.
We also invented the chochlear implant among other things, those are the only 2 I can remember off the top of my head
It is somewhat slow, but enough for when I'm not in wifi range.
No it isn't, the PM in all Commonwealth countries is just another minister, hence the name: prime minister
1700: ...
Amsterdam I think is a bit cheaper than German but it might depend.
Like I said, I plan on starting Thailand and then moving around every 1-3 months while I work remotely.
Should EU adapt Australia's refugee policy?
You've got me in the 1st half, I have to admit :)
I'm an Australian who has been to Denmark, Norway and Iceland and I would definitely say that all three of those countries are much more expensive than Australia.
Apparently it is pretty expensive in Australia.
Yeah, then we made him Prime Minister after that
Maybe this was just me growing up, idk
Wouldn't that help them immensely with all the resources and extra space for farming etc to support their population?
The Three Blue Ducks Open a Farm in Byron Bay, Australia
We allowed Israel to be in Australia now?
Go to Barcelona, Lagos, and Nice if you want Beachy.
Except they don't. They conveniently shift the cost of healthcare and retirement to deductions from their salary rather than included in income tax
Would USA/Canada/Russia/China/India/Australia have laws dictated to them by a foreign country?
Despite our arguments, the kiwis have and always will be sheep shaggers
Czechia was like >90% Roman Catholic before communism, but afterwards, only Slovakia emerged with strong religious numbers.
They even sendt a letter to the king Philip III asking if they could colonize it (along with the north of Australia) in his name, but it seems like the king said something along the lines of "fuck it, I have enough lands so if you guys are not sure if this place has gold I don't really care about it".
If you're having 3 meals a day, that adds up to 4€ per meal
A few weeks ago an error fare to Australia from the UK was available for £200-300.
And I didn't mean predatory as in crime ruling the streets, more as in greed is mostly rewarded across the board.
English is a broad language where you can speak it good enough at a basic level but can change it when you master it
Yup, and plenty of other languages change meanings of their loanwords too
You will need an Asia economic strategy sooner or later.
Eh, I've seen bigger
And ALL of those deaths occurred BEFORE the 1980s. Nobody has died to a funnel web since
European geography is definitely the most interesting imo
...of the so called "Western world"?
My suggestion is to get lost at least one time.
There are differences, but they are not huge.
I'm moving to Europe (from North America) in a month's time and will be travelling all of March, then want to see one country in Africa, South America, Asia, and also Australia by the end of the year.
A lot of things are comparable, but things like fruit and vegetables, cheese and alcohol are probably about 3 times more expensive that what you would pay in Oz.
*Australians cackling in the distance*
Love letter to the Bibbulmun Track, Western Australia
¿¿¿¿¿¿¿¿¿¿¿¿Whaaaaaaat
Croke Park was one of my favourite things in Dublin
Turin has that famous Egyptian museum
We've discovered their primary weakness
I say this because when I went to the High Tatras to snowboard, my hist said that German was more likely to be understood than English by some of the older folks
UK, Ireland, Australia, USA, Canada, New Zealand, South Africa.
Youd sound stupid saying it today, but people will still understand what you mean
An act of kindness like that goes a long way to making positive memories in a place and I have good memories in Lithuania
You have a whole day planned for activities, but by 1pm you are just fucked and want to go hide somewhere with aircon
As soon as they have responsibilities they crash on their faces.
Also the musics selected for this serie are sooooo  good
Pavlova wasn't invented by Australia or New Zealand, most evidence supports it being an American invention
The UK tested their nuclear weapons out in the desert at 3 different locations
Very much, but certainly not as much as Romania, USA or Russia
With a bit better multilingual support and maybe poster flags
They call the land "Oz", "Godzone" (a verbal contraction of
Brighton Beach, Melbourne, Australia [OC]
However sometimes your fathers first name can be used as a “middle name”.
San Sebastian), or a central/southern trip (Madrid/Andalucia incl.
Sometimes you've just got to walk a little bit faster
ANZAC is definitely wrong here unless discussing biscuits or war
Don't be ashamed of who you are, but try not to play into American stereotypes.
I am strictly against this open-door policy and would like strict border controls at the Schengen borders and an immigration policy like Singapore, Australia or Canada.
For some reason there's a park in my city called Haig Park that still hasn't been renamed
With the internet, that is highly unlikely to happen
Why are we here
Is Northern Northland where Santa lives
Depends what site I'm on, on reddit, depends what sub I'm on.
lovely
For example in the form of family reunification programs from poor and undeveloped countries.
Some even have their own lakes on plots full of fish they just chill at on a nice summers day with beers.
Visiting Australia for 2 weeks, would appreciate some advice!
You can just put 1 and leave the others blank, or you can fill them all out
Was surprised how different chips are in Australia, more like fries
Once you get to this side of the world prices get cheaper.
Mount Disappointment
Out of the plane from 20C to 45C, into the terminal with 18C, out of the terminal 45C into the bus 16C and 2min later into the terminal 18C for the helicopter.
I love all the Easter eggs
Não tou a ver
It's a bit weird reading these comments
Onze ziel en ons hart zijn u gewijd
I booked a flight from US to Australia on Cheapoair.
Don't want to cut through a high voltage cable
It was about 30% in our last census (2016)
The colours there at sunset are so special, such a beautiful coastline!
Ned Kelly
The devastating fires we had, followed immediately by the torrential floods
Also Australia and New Zealand have about the same standard of living as western/northern Europe.
Nauru has a pretty insane history.
There are some words that are stressed differently between various countries as well
I'l check out the couch surfing 101 thing.
Heya, I'm 21/F and on a super stormy day I could probably be taken down by the wind.
Australian, really
Of course, because it's not like there is a new record on the number of immigrants getting to Australia each year.
OUR EUROPEAN UNION MEMBERSHIP
FYI 2/3 of France's uranium comes from 3 countries : Kazakhstan, Canada, and Australia, Niger is 4th.
Age rarely factors into to who you hang out with in a hostel, you'll make friends who are 30, 22, 26 and you won't even notice.
It really got to me with Incubus (1966)
France is a lot more densely populated than Sweden
How clean are they in the US
Labelling in order to trigger a knee-jerk response.
We were passing through Nazca anyway so did the flight there.
November to March expect 30 or more during the day
Excellent Visa Migration Services By Australian Visa Team
If my theory is correct, unless your country is already invaded, poor, non-white, already filled with immigrants historically(ex: US, UK, Canada, Australia etc) etc, it is rather difficult to accept immigrants and multiculturalism.
To be honest, every city is bad in it’s own way, ugly or not
>now you’ve taken a shit in the blue cupboard
There are 8 EU MPs from Latvia, out of 751.
You are also ignoring the factual reality that more UK citizens move to Australia than the other way round.
I just anecdotally know they're wealthy oil cities
And even in the English-speaking world, I think this is just an American thing
Peleş is wonderful
Not European , however there is a small group here called ‘Republicans’ such as myself who wants Australia to be an independent republic from the Commonwealth
My list would be Canada, Australia, New Zealand, Japan, South Korea, USA.
Approved by the Australia and New Zealand gangs
The same England who once had a company so big, it was actually worth more than the entire country, because it was a giant pyramid scheme?
My fam is from the north so it feels like home for me :).
I support gay marriage but both side piss me off to no end.
It's not just in places where it is hard to kick people out that there are high guaruntees.
Is "let's get fucked up" much of a thing into young Italians 20s? Or is it usually just people who've just become of drinking age
So that by itself shows there is a debate about it, it wasn't as simple as just "no we are perfect, nothing ever happened and everyone thinks we're awesome".
I was under the assumption you have the bigger land masses and whichever mass the islands are closest to is the continent it’s associated with
Also, don't forget, it's time for higher taxes and more social spending cuts as we'll all have to vastly increase the size of our militaries to be ready to defend ourselves as the US won't be a reliable partner in defense anymore.
For Santorini so far its between Caveland and Santorini Breeze Studios.
It’s everyone
Yeah, that one and "Tall poppy syndrome" (which I think is a thing in Australia and New Zealand, if I remember what I read correctly) were the main concepts I saw that surprised me by being very similar to jantelagen.
Well, it so happens that the EU is not Europe.
Nope, that's something I'm glad we don't have in English
I'm not sure if English would have been mutually intelligible with Dutch or German, even if it wasn't influenced by French
“The grass is always greener on the other side” is the saying we have in English
Vittu
The vin fiert in lodge capped off an already perfect experience
Two on the top 20 for Australia and two in the top 20 for Europe, they must have a very odd metric.
Book Australia & New Zeland cruise Tour
Where babby go to
I doubt people outside the media and political junkies even cared.
A company is a collection of people - it's shareholders.
The first two weeks will be spent mainly across NOLA, DC, and NYC, but since we have to fly out of the West coast, we thought we'd try to get in a short road trip before we leave.
Nice
&#x200B;
Furthermore, do you believe that indigenous peoples in the Americas and Australia have the right to fight back against white people there, even though they're no longer in the majority?
Growing up to Australia, the best school trip I ever got was to our capital city right before primary school graduation, which required a plane trip as it was further away from my city (not even in the north geographically) than Berlin is to Paris
**Queensland** The Florida of Australia
We're more interested in Australia tbh
Work of any kind for any duration requires a working visa
I don't know the specifics about how it'd work; I'm not any kind of political scientist.
What the fuck is wrong with you?
¿¿¿¿¿¿¿¿¿¿¿¿Whaaaaaaat
Have you got a similar trick to remember selvfølgelig
I left Poland 30 years ago but Piłsudski was quite popular
The Ramones went to Rockaway Beach and played cbgbs - New York
Probably George Pell's trial(s)
While I don't know much about Kazakhstan, I think it's safe to say Canada and Australia are reliable partners.
I suppose you could look at it as blue being a 'cool' or 'cold' colour, representing conservative values (wanting to keep society to traditional values, etc.) while red is associated with fire symbolising the left's desire for progress.
My auto correct added that accent, so it must be in the dictionary and 'official'. And I only knew kamikaze as a kid because it was a ride at our local fair
Very cute
As an Australian, we are also a bunch of bloody foreigners
"Beneath our radiant Souther cross, we've boundless plains to share
I've been to Copenhagen, and caught the train to Gothenburg.
Shortcut
Your probably less anti Russian than America historically fam.
Subscribe to cheap flights finders.
Because other people go skiing in Australia /s
I still kind of assumed this would all blow over as I'm an Australian passport holder and I thought that actually meant something.
But I've also heard that you all dress more or less in a similar style, and there's not much individuality as there is in some other countries
I see from other comments that you are studying/will be studying.
I knew some people went there but not as a popular place.
I'm from Perth and have visited Sydney and Melbourne as a tourist
Our conservative party has a rather tight stance on migration as well and was heavily criticized for it by the others, but they stuck to their guns and per consequence we still had fewer asylum seekers than in the early 2000s when your stipulate was true for our country.
Additionall all tax benefits are revoked if parents refuse to do so.
"Bloomin onion"
22 today on the Illawarra coast, jeans and a tshirt for me
If the ticket is actually issued, as in you have the ticket number (not just the PNR) then it will be fine.
Your view of Australia is quite strange, and misinformed.
I rented a cheap campervan and did a loop from Perth to Port Lincoln to Darwin to Broome and back down the coast to Perth.
Batu Caves, Chinatown and Little India are fantastic in KL, as well as night markets and these cheap 24/7 Indian food places (I can't recommend these enough, but unless you know locals who live there they might be hard to find).
The thing that is noteworthy is that American accents have retained certain features that haven't survived in England, but the reverse is obviously also true.
We've been wearing them for months here and you're the odd one out here if you forget now
of them
With the F-14 long gone, it's been used in this role successfully by the US Navy, let alone Canada, Australia, Spain, Switzerland etc.
New Zealand, Australia and Canada are incredibly comparable to the UK as we share a language, a history, a legal system and a head of state with them.
I don't smoke though so I couldn't give you exact prices
*Freedom
They make a society with higher quality of life and lower crimerate
I thought Australians already did this when 4chan was invented.
I usually hate ham and cheese sandwiches, but ham and cheese baguettes were like crack cocaine to me in France
Most people including myself and I'm sure many of you guys, HATE writing in pencil, so many of the teachers in just let it slide, as they to, knew that pen licenses and cursive writing is fucking bullshit
Or things that really stood out for you?
Vienna especially looks beautiful to me
That's fair, they sure love their marches up there
Then the crown and legacy was given to the Spanish, but I'm not sure why the Russians claim the crown of the purple
The moment their Labor party scrapped the ban due to domestic pressure it rose up to 25000 boats in 2 years.
No Eurovision grouping including Australia:(
Ok I see
What happened to it after the unification
Mosman Gorge, Queensland, Australia
With such a distribution, there is very little democratic about the government formation if basically everything is possible and it just depends on who likes whom better.
Mainly because they speak English, I like their state of affairs and their cultures, and I think I'd feel most at home there outside of Europe.
A lot of waste gets incinerated rather than recycled in Japan.
One of their plans is probably creating a global union of some sort though, but let's just focus on the first part of the plan.
We here in Australia have a great relationship with California
The PM's cabinet is an advisory role, it isn't recognised by the Australian constitution, and neither is the position of PM
They only same-ticket with Qantas.
Seems very similar to the famous British TV licence, which I assumed was unique to that country
**Western  Australia** I don't know if anyone lives there
Australia is still a constitutional monarchy unfortunately
yes please
They had picked Australia for the win.
We're talking about **Australia** here, not about Kenya or Egypt or the Basque Country (where as far as I know the original populations are still there).
Australian bank account as I am from there, but I think transferring his EUR to my account might be more expensive than having a travel card?
Are you confusing music market with music exporter?
I had a zip on my bag opened on the Rome metro where it was busy, but nothing of value was in there and I kept everything important close at hand
Oh yes we spent the other three weeks out west.
the people who founded holland were a buncha rowdy hipsters who rebelled against the french and went to the swamp so you can't blame em for having some whacky names
Maybe it's cause their media is so popular and movies have conditioned me that way, but American English sounds the most correct to me.
Isn't it due to the fact that America and Canada were build up by Protestant Migrants who wanted to practice their religion while Australia was built on British Citizens either leaving for a better opportunity or because they were sentenced to exile?
Probably, we've been calling it choccy milk for decades
Anyone working in IT can up and go anytime between projects, with no impact on career.
>Well Iasi, Romania is well known to Greeks
They are in a class by themselves.
In Australia, eggs are refrigerated, unless you bought them from a farmer's market or something
Have you ever seen any forum conversations about either gun control or health care?
Surely you mean east Sweden
I know the Jews got their suburbs burned in Smyrna, I haven't read up on what happened in other towns
Yes, about 10 minutes from me there's a Polish shop, bakery and restaurant
I often see travel/language websites citing The Nordic countries as being very expensive.
Laughs in Australian
Like for example; 'we have have more important things to worry about than the design of our nation's flag'.
True actually, but Down Under is much more well knows throughout the rest of the world
Europeans like quality
Last October they released the first €3 coin of this "Tiertaler" series, the "Fledermaus”.
I know an Australian who has multiple restaurants in Finland, he moved here because his wife is a Finn.
It just sounds so 'old timey' to me
I can live there without a visa and find work within 3 months though can I not?
They're all Americans now, while the Latino will always be "different" Americans as long as they keep their Spanish up (which is probably forever)
This is getting controverse, but our intellectual scene always strongly emphasized the negativity of fascism for good and/or for bad, but at the cost of mostly reducing it to simply "evil", diluting its historical value.
ayy boaty mcboatyface fan here aswell
Neo-Fascism is not necessarily the answer, at least not in a bigoted patriotic sense, but it needs some kind of Tripartite model where *cultural corporations (that perpetually grow)* mediate the organic and mechanic functions of the Nation as a collective.
Haha I actually quit my job to go to Australia.
>Doggerland independence movement, to remove tulips
We've discovered that she can only pronounce the letter J when she pronounces the G in the word "Charger" but we can't get her to make that sound in any other word
Anyone can be knighted, but only commonwealth citizens (Canadian, Australian, etc) can use the title of Sir.
But it can sound very abrupt and defensive if you just say 'No'. Saying 'No I don't' sounds a little nicer
I love all the Easter eggs
South (and even east) of Naples there wasn't much at all
Lovely spam, wonderful spam
UK news junkie Expat in Germany: I go for as my primary sources.
I believe Britain has one as well if I'm not mistaken
Hahaha, that's basically the coldest it gets in Melbourne
It is just that people here are so used to the good life, they complain.
Highly appropriate with people mixing up Austria and Australia all the damn time imho.
It’s cold, middle north
It's another planet compared to the island.
Do not attempt to use Australian slang, unless you are a trained linguist and good in a fistfight
Because there was a different attitude due to the fact that British subjects in Canada, New Zealand, Australia and other were committed to their countries.
The problem here is lack of spelling reform rather than the pronunciation being wrong.
The world’s first astrology hotel has opened in Australia
Normally it's 4 x nighly tariff, but always check with the hotel ahead of time.
You can't fight in the war room!
Except Iraqi's i have no clue what you cunts are saying
48% against a referendum, as well.
* Bratislava: had people tell me that the best tourist attraction of Bratislava was Vienna - fck that, this city is awesome.
Dunno - Ireland like to take the piss out of us.
I've only ever stayed in two, Industrieplaast (which I don't recommend) and Sunflower which I thought was great but I've also heard good things about the two you've mentioned for Kreuzberg so you should be good with any of those three choices
They were your recent, in some cases living memory, ancestors.
no, it seems service 1F43 was within 1 minute of schedule
But when you look at countries around the world that accept "Genuine Refugees" the top 5 are all western advanced countries, the USA, Canada, Australia, Norway and the UK.
Exactly what I was looking for, thank you!
Eh, it's their journalists reporting on the Swedish problems like everyone else these days.
More people passing through means more chance one of them will spread bedbugs.
Nobody has better Donalds than us.
Ngl olive oil sucks for frying eggs
My history teacher is less than impressed by my use of his teachings
At least a policy that accepted the full asylum process of boat refugees.
Someone who killed 35 people in Australia will never be allowed out of solitary as there are too many people who would be happy to bump him off - I doubt the prison guards would even try to stop an attempt.
As I understand it, franking credits are only available to Australian tax residents, so you just lose them, and can't use them to offset the tax on other income, which sucks.
hopefully this Hungarian revolution will see more success than the last
I'm Australia we're taught that Australia is its own continent, but Australia, New Zealand, Papua New Guinea, Indonesia and a few other island nations like Tonga and Nauru are part of a REGION called Oceania, not a continent
You're all going to hell for this
They can be divided into three categories: Poisonous, Odd, and Sheep
Mean while in Sydney Australia it was 40c fucking degrees
We also care (to a lesser extent) about our core partners: USA, Canada, Japan, South Korea, Australia, etc.
Holy shit,  I didn’t know what Qormeh was but looked it up
Any little tips or recommendations specifically for Switzerland, Germany & Austria to suit my situation would be great too I might add, as those are the 3 countries locked for visiting!
See if the cider didn't exist, Strongbow by itself would be a brilliant name
I would be down swimming at Brighton beach from late September, early October, right up until May
Seeing $1
He constantly talks about himself, and at inappropriate times.
Whenever I said stuff in Korean there they were ecstatic
What's the difference between England and a tea bag.
I came to ask what camera you used but I see you've already answered, so thanks!
If it is any consolation to you, we have people ask us if we come from Austria xD
I'm sure the Poles on this subreddit are pleased to see you call them Nazi collaborators.
You'd lose your sh*t here
Don't even dare to climb higher, Australia!
of them
Not my thing though
A closer musical parallel would be that people in the village tend to listen to really loud music whenever they like, greatly disturbing some people, but they selfishly don't care.
Guess we'll all have to transform to Vikings and raid that green island if we want to live.
You can do a chopper ride that lands on the nearby Taku Galcier which is well wroth it.
I never leave the house without having my daily piss bath so I'm not worried about them
Why
One less ethnic minority for Serbs to commit genocide against.
Добре дошли!
Good luck
Gooloogong
They're pretty much all over the place.
Is that where Iskender comes from
Its 2209 currently
[10][11] In 1992 and 1996, CSIRO obtained patents[12] for a method later used in Wi-Fi to "unsmear" the signal
Literally one of the main reasons the be in the EU is the strength of their unified negotiations
I'm gay, and I still think it would be weird
Czech Republic is such a mouthful, and simply calling it 'Czech' just feels really wrong somehow.What else can I call it?
Lol I must have spoken incredibly broken Italian, mi dispiace
That sounds like they want him to fly the nest, tbh
It isn't like "a" and "an" in English that have specific rules :(
But if you overstay your time and try to leave you'll be fined.
Again, we're very sentimental when it comes to Australia, Canada and New Zealand.
Then a year and extend the three months for New Zealand.
It’s so cute when the UK has a little ‘heatwave’ and y’all dying and it’s like 28 degrees
Nah mate I wouldn’t be surprised if Adelaide got more international recognition than Brisbane lol
How did it catch fire
Australian here
If you want anymore info let me know and I will email him to send me more details.
Not as corrupt as say India, Indonesia and other developing countries
I have less than that for a 35 day trip, so I'm sure you'll be fine.
Admittedly I'm there were other factors at play here, though I'm Australian I'm not white, have a black American name which has roots in Arabic (like the most common black name ever), have no father and follow no major religion.
Let me just check the database
Because muslim societies have a great track record of freedom.
Australians are generally pretty similar to British people, so other than the TV we grew up watching there wasn't a huge amount of adapting to do.
That said I’ll wear jeans up through to 30 to 35 in summer
Looks amazing
First time shopping in Australia, the cashier asked me how I was.
"This Act may be cited as the Commonwealth of Australia Constitution Act
I made this video to showcase some of its beauty
The movie with Johnny Depp (nice German name)
Not everything is desert (Just look at a fucking map)
I think Spain won
Yeah, let people do justice themselves, what could possibly go wrong....
Its 2209 currently
!RedditAllenKey
People believed the Netherlands was too full with just 10 million people or so, so people went to Aus/NZ and places such as Canada to look for farmland and such.
Aix la chapelle rightfully in France.
I honestly hope something like the Australian system will be adopted sooner than later, it doesn't have to be an exact copy but it has to remove the incentives to illegally immigrate.
I've been fined $150 for sleeping through an election
It's definitely Germanic
Its easy to get stuck there believe me.
So your comment implied that all Jews destroy people's homes and steal land.
Nah there's none in Victoria, which is a shame
>I also envy countries were people generally know multiple languages, but I suppose we get by quite easily with just English
My best hope is to flee to Australia.
They’re tearing each other apart right now
Australia always went second...
Often have to cut through the frame at the bottom and hinge side of the doors
Hey England's own version of the Great Emu War
Some cousin took it though and we haven’t seen it since
So that's probably why we don't have it
That's the main advantage of compulsory attendance (like Belgium and Australia), although at least in Australia there are still too many boomers for the youth to matter.
Same here
A Collaborate Frankish, Volkish and Roman Legions will be perfect for European Military unification without destroying the integrity of its independent nations.
When I talk to people about Amsterdam, I always lead with the fact it's a monument to architectural arrogance and recommend het Grachtenhuis museum to explain what I mean
holy shit there are a lot of european racists
that was literally OPs question.
Australia Visa Lottery Online Application Form | Types of Australia Visa to Apply
>open my phone and open reddit
My vocabulary is still as limited and I haven't done any spelling training since grade 6 and I for sure have gotten lazy since we have autocorrect now
His hands were left in his village
Europe does not have a crisis of too many people.
We already saw with Medvedev that he doesn't need to be president to be in control
Tipping
Those guys are truly blessed
Edit: I have just been reminded that our capital city, Canberra, is most certainly soulless and boring
I have to admit, I was expecting that "grey, dreary, post-soviet industrial cityscape" that films always seem to portray Poland as
Once it gets about 40 we stop and have a water / ice cream break once an hour (work pays for it no problems) around 45 we stop work completely
Say that in Australia and it's an immediate arrest
I just assumed without looking.
Very common
He lives in a retirement village now, and is still remarkably physically and mentally fit for someone of his age
The police also said they're bringing in weapons.
Bitchin' tram, fam
The F-35 in stealth configuration can only carry at most two radar guided missiles and two infrared missiles, not enough for an enemy that could launch combat air patrols that number in the hundreds.
I don't think Australian migration will be a problem for Brexiteers, isn't that their wet dream?
Since when does Australia use the euro?
As an Australian I'm too surprised to see us so high.
I see you're 55, hope you're well off mate otherwise it wont take long for you to realise how fucked America's healthcare system truely is
I'm assuming this party is right-wing
It was an Australian beer, more than a generation ago though.
Lived in the back of the car the whole time and must have had the most wild experience
>I take it my oath that a number of men have gone to the Indies who did not deserve water in the sight of God and of all the world; and now they are returning thither, and leave is granted them
We also invented the chochlear implant among other things, those are the only 2 I can remember off the top of my head
Lebanon is living contradiction made state, buzzing with life of different sects, built on foundations of Roman empire.
My adopted home (AU): Immigration Museum in Melbourne
So a huge sparsely populated country, Canada, US, Australia can deal with this.
When most people think of Poland's history, they usually think "Haha, got fucked in the 2nd world war", but its history before that is fascinating
Because that's what it means in Spanish, so people probably get them confused
But since I insulted the Scots by calling them English
No, that's our glider club
Mooloolaba
I don't doubt it but damn that balloon can bounce then
Never smoked:
Careful there, you're reaching the Australian level of banter.
"Oh, I thought you were Australian." As opposed to "you look like a stinking [insert national insult here]."
of course having less of your population whore themselves out is a good thing, what good comes from having girls being exploited for porn
Now I know that it means in Italian, but if I didn't, I would think answering with pronto is rude, like saying "hurry up
I was taught fin de semaine at school
Heraklion
Though he has to catch his own carp as Aussies don't eat them so shops don't sell them
I understand far right sentiments though I dont agree with them, but that should always be a step too far if you how the US is completely destabilized and muzzled
And I was trying to get out of Europe for a while :/
At least with ISIS there a clear threat while PC is guerrilla tactics that kills you from within
I personally know many older people that have "that cousin in Australia" or "that uncle that lives in Miami".
Anyway, median age varies from place to place - in Myanmar the crowd leans a bit older (around 25-30) and then in say Koh Phi Phi it's more 19-24, but again don't let that influence your decision on where to go.
You create a profile, fill in your passport information, and authorise a payment.
uisce (beatha) ?
Also, if you are not diving, you probably won't see as much dead corals.
Not exactly soulless but there is nothing to do there, really boring
Only
(Not European obviously)
And tell me how you produce vanilla?
They're basically Americans, but not as extreme and with a Commonwealth style of governance
A referendum with 40% turnout isn't a referendum, it's an opinion poll
In the rural parts of Australia it is arid and dry, which wouldn't be so bad.
A question - it looks like most (all?) of your 30 odd km walk was through national park; are there any accomodation options (hotels/camping/etc) at about the half way point?
The processing in shipping is only to the USA or Canada.
a lot in there
But yes, many natives struggle with this one
It wasn’t too bad, just weird wording
Russia is eating eastern Europe and China is claiming the whole South China sea.
You won't be any less safe in Berlin compared to other big European cities.
Seems like of the high wealth countries Australia has the smallest difference between mean and median.
How do you use it if so
ell to be fair, Australia will never really recover from the intergalactic war against Lord Xa3khto in the late 109th century.
I hope this implied town "Grossgross" is founded by the time I come to visit Austria next year
Although, I will use my heritage and use the word "craic" I love it
I understood the first 5 words then it degenerated into alphabet soup
A returning of the English theft artefacts does in no way mean the museum ends up with only British stuff, it is a nonsense presupposition
Or ethnic or cultural component?
I know a number of Australians and Americans who are not in the slightest bit Italian, who have *one* Italian grandparent and for some reason this entitles them to an Italian passport..
Don't forget the good beer you guys have!
They just take you through atmospheric themed rooms while speaking about Irish mythology and legend
Are the flights on an A380, though?
Wish we could emulate their quality of life.
Pauline Hanson's One Nation Party (nativist and protectionist right-wing populist) seemed to do the best amongst the third parties in the Western Australian polls.
As stated in the post, Romania has a huge corruption problem does it not
So indirectly it's shared with Russia and thus Turkey.
It's called a donkey vote or a protest vote
I'm in Australia and this took 10 minutes to load.
Why young Americans and not young Canadians?
Wow, German media is really so one sided on the issue?
Check
If you learn German old english is easier, but aside from a few words it’s pretty much incomprehensible to me
I dont know
I don't get the current times ...
Why do Danes love killing animals so much
I wonder what is like to live in that yellow/light blue frontier.
If you have any questions about English grammar or other rules I'll be happy to help you :) unfortunately I don't know enough swedish to ask about anything in particular
Western civilisation =/= only Western Europe (now putting anglosphere aside for a moment).
What are the employment prospects for a web developer?
So Australia and New Zealand aren't Western, but Russia is?
They ran 2 lessons of this and then realised that teaching primary school kids the opposite of what they have been doing their whole lives was a shit idea and dropped the program entirely
It's that normal to just have it on
Where would you recommend instead
Maybe the wildlife is somewhat less lethal than Australia's?
They did create you along with Prussia but I don't understand why you weren't called Flanders-Wallonia
Not beating Belgium really isn't a good score as it's not that great of a country.
How common is that though in your area
That's hilarious
Also many of the students abroad will have been travelling not studying in the US, holidays exist
Know Tipping Etiquette In Australian Restaurants with Aussie Trip Advisor
I'll ask again, how would a location you've traveled to affect a job prospect?
:)"
Even more, the Navy tows boats back to Indonesia in the first place, not even letting them get through.
So, are you saying that you're most attracted to aboriginal Australians?
But they're obviously still less at fault than the actual colonists and the European economic migrants, who are also beneficiaries, who went there of their own free will, to a nation with an immigration system set up by the white colonists, also recall the Asian exclusion act or whatever it was called, in both the US and Australia, where i think it was called white australia policy) who arrived after them.
You've got to hand it to the Romans, they were good at planning ahead
Aye you got me , I would go as far
On the surface you can say it's reasonably competitive though
As an Australian, don't copy us, our offshore detention is probably in violation of international law, the conditions on the island are intentionally obscure but are likely in breach of the occupants human rights, and at this point we probably cut off the only place to which Myanmar's rohingya minority can escape what is looking to be tantamount to genocide.
New Zealand
I think the attitude comes from interactions with particular minorities or ethnic/religious/political groups in whichever country, (Don't know, don't want to get into any debates about it), but I've been thinking about moving permanently to Europe for a few years already and I'm from Aus.
Nah there's none in Victoria, which is a shame
And besides the only claim we would really hold to be considered " "Europe " is being and English Republic , but they are no longer part of the EU .
very nice
When I was 18 I decided that I loved BC but wanted to be gone out of Canada for as long as possible.
I hope your day is great even without cake
Besides Brisbane is kinda overshadowed by the Sunny Coast and Gold Coast
Like it or not, despite China's slowdown and Japan's stagnation, around 60% of world's growth is being generated in Asia as the growth in ASEAN and South Asia is strong as ever.
Liberalism in it's current form is a real problem.
Nobody really gives a shit about Australian politics so I don't really know many of our previous prime ministers
Australia
And saying Shakespeare was Dutch is still a hangable offence in the UK ;)
Rupert Murdoch alone used his media empire to influence politics in Australia, the UK, and the US (with Fox News being more influential than ever).
So that's probably why we don't have it
He could build a huuuuge wall and let Austria/Australia pay for it.
If you commit to it, when you get home you end up with an amazing collection permanently on display that is viewed daily.
Our government is also good at subsidising mining companies that destroy our country
if you think that's bad, just wait until they start *throwing* the damn things
I don't know about Australia, but day to day life in the USA is *really* similar to the UK.
That picture was very helpful though.
Here it is
That's why I wonder if it's more to do with the post trip exhaustion.....
stick
Reminds me of Game of Thrones
Just wondering where he coolest place to go where the exchange rate for the dollar is best
Yes I’ve heard that quite a few times while watching the rugby, it’s great
I did 4 months in mixed hostel dorms in Australia and I never had a problem.
But realistically I'm pretty sure Australians would prefer open borders with the UK than the EU right now if they had to choose.
All these tricky r pronunciations can be solved easily by adopting a non-rhotic accent ;-)
Have you never heard the old sarcastic joke from Canadians/Americans/Australians "if I wanted someone to tell me how to live my life, I'd go to Paris"?
Whether that means they import the Belgian Stella, or the UK one, the Hungarian one, the Australian one, etc.
They both might be a bit far for you to go being US-based and on a budget but something to consider in future!
Australia is really bad, but then again it's also a country the size of a continent.
Our true allies are Australia, US, New Zealand etc.
There is obviously more nuance to it than that.
Not like anyone with a mind expects real depth from Farage though.
Nah, I'm just complaining about Belgian weather from far away, living in Sydney for the time being with weather being one of the reasons to want out.
If youre at an Australian uni I'm sure there are exchange opportunities to European universities but it won't be subsidised but the EU.
Whats tedious about finding the things you want on google maps and starring them?
We've had every kind of protest from those camps including sown lips, to suicide jumps, and people torching themselves.
"Talk to the hand Frau Merkel"
Xpost r/Hiking: Australia - More than just beaches (Mt Kosciuszko & Dead Horse Gap)
I'm looking at backpacking and working in pubs/workaways, sleeping in airports and hostels etc doesn't bother me.
That might be true for the US and Canada but for the EU it is not, for international law it simply doesn't matter if you go all the way to Australia or just the UK, if it is not in the Schengen Zone it is not in the Schengen Zone so that makes it more easy.
I heard emotion and grunting with a few words in between
This was basically how it was in Australia too.
I know it sounds good, but that's the last thing you want
Not anymore
Keen on Partying/Food/Nature/History/Really getting an authentic experience of diverse cultures.
New Zealand
I don't think Canada and NZ said anything on that front.
I met a few incredibly nice people, but the place overall was not fun at all.
Curious, thanks
Simply put, you cannot ignore the most economically dynamic region of the world, and you will need to deal with Asian nations despite differences.
GBBO year round
When you get back from a foreign land, you should look at your home with new eyes and see its domestic attractions.
Typical Australian sayings
Did that ever happen in Australia.
Contrary to what he said, all Australian eggs I've seen are sold unrefrigerated
Exactly
Canada, Australia, and New Zealand are Commonwealth realms.
How is the linguistic integration in Arizona?
Lucky they didn't call their dog that lol.
The next 100 years is the second hardest so that's covered pretty lightly too
I imagine that depends on the country.
Then people undestand it's said by an Australian, and not any Aussie, but the one which designed some of the (if not the) most inhumane and criminal immigration policies among the 1st world and disrespectful towards human rights and one has only to laugh.
long list] with several cases having most passengers survive
After that he moved to London, got a job driving the red London buses, married an Irishwoman, and had my dad in '65
Maybe for the best, I just turned 16 too at the time and it basically set my mind to 5-10 years of far right thinking, also co-caused by local muslims' reactions to those events.
My eyes played tricks on me
Very interesting how so many cultures have adopted this method of naming
An Australian friend of mine once said that there was nowhere good to get a coffee in the entirety of Sheffield.
Many just park in the middle of the road wich make trafic worse
Let alone trying to get multiple people a job.
The French make everything taste good
Dunno how to describe it but yeah there is definitely a regional difference
>Bobadilla was immediately met with complaints about all three Columbus brothers: Christopher, Bartolomeo, and Diego
Stand in the bicycle lanes
They're common in houses aswell though
The British Empire only came up properly in year 9 (age 13-14) but I'm sure I must have known that America was an ex-colony of ours before then.
All these are far smaller than America and two are smaller than the U.K., are they naive as well?
Such a waste of energy
I mostly blame the boomers
I worked in a cafe with shit air-con (in summer it was hotter inside even on days that were over 40), our uniform had a beret
We have done Prague and loved it, so similar experiences would be great.
On the other hand you have isolationist totalitarian states like DPRK under the Kim dynasty or Paraguay under Francia.
2nd biggest tourist destination in the world.
One thing that I'm getting sick of seeing in Australia is American ass kissing.
Photos of my time in Kyushu, Japan
I'm saying that I've seen plenty of people make that argument about the British Empire and the colonies.
1st of March is the start of Autumn in Australia.
During the Australian bushfire crisis a few months back, Scott Morrison did these things:
Perhaps if you were not so defensive at the slightest criticism you would realise that.
Why don't people ever try to smash this sort of patriarchy
The voice crack didn't help
I really don't get it why Ankara was chosen as capital.
Hmm not sure I'm too familiar with any others in Europe
Yep
Oh hey
There's also a different between going to a foreign country and entering a place of worship.
Another recession in the Eurozone in the next couple of years and everything will fall apart - no way some of the countries without margin to adopt counter-cyclical policies have the stomach to do what it'd take while staying in the EUro.
They also make sure people understand it isn't a typical museum set up before they pay
So it does kinda make sense for him to sound far more intelligent in his native tongue
I can't remember off the top of my head, but I recall that people have raised some concerns about certain processes, and I support examining the whole thing to see if democracy and transparency can be maximised.
If you have as well Australian nationality that's cool, but the Iranian one is there.
When you get to more rural areas, however, it’s a bit of a different story
I did and I'm more than happy to admit defeat on that point.
Colonisation made many Europeans go to the new lands and it happened that we completely changed their traditions and languages.
Tittybong
Your comment brings him down a peg.
This is how a stock market works....
Don't forget Woodenbong, Humpty Doo, the little known Butt of Liberty or my favourite, Nar Nar Goon
In that case I am sorry, I must have misremembered.
Will be visiting here in Oct on the way to BC
On colonial Australia too, some of the tidbits of history that occurred are wild, and not even well known in their own country
Nice part of the country imo
Using whom at all in colloquial speech comes off as pretentious.
If you think that communism inevitably leads to totalinarianism that's fine (and even reasonable) but it's either dishonest or ignorant to proclaim them as the same thing
That's one hell of a terminator
I apologise, I didn't even think to check.
Hated Australia with a passion though :P
Although coastal regions tend to stay pretty steady, in my personal experience - probably depends on the wind direction and how much the air passes over open water
Ah sorry Macca’s is a slang term for McDonald’s lol
Australia is a federation with central government and local authorities.
(Look up Opal Tower for more context)
It's because the map represents the entire population and it was popular in Aus until the '80s.
It makes me uncomfortable
Yeah so I learnt from some of the other Germans that commented here
Backed by Russian soldiers who are really running the operations.
Aussie here with some survival tips, we didn't have air-con growing up and sometimes nights would be in the low 30s. I used to sleep on a wet towel that had been wrung out, also used to wear a wrung out tea towel around my neck
We're also taught that North and South America are seperated, infact this post is the first I've heard of them being called 1 continent
Australia and the US are traditionally very close allies.
Because they're called the Falklands
It's entirely possible that they're changing to a narrow body.
I been there during the times of DDR, when it was called Karl-Marx-Stadt
We won't be stranded anywhere on long treks or anything.
Yeah so it's still another 20 or more years away at this point
And yet we still manage to survive
Don't look at USA, Canada or Australia.
They were in Eurovision, after all.
Most of the time, the option exists because the countries in question have treaties with each other allowing such an option.
Lots and lots of wallabies as soon as it turns dusk
Maybe there is somewhere better to stay than Times Square then?
Lol
I took a nap around 11 AM and woke up a few hours later to this shit
Outback Steakhouse isn't Australian, it's the most American restaurant chain in Australia
Lovely lyrics, and as a bonus it's neat to hear the contrast between the accents of the Dutch lead singer and the Belgian featured artist Geike Arnaert
Immigrating to Europe for new world westerners
I use 'whom' whenever I'm trying to sound pretentious and smart
Or something else with not much spam in it
A store won't sell you alcohol if you are under 18 but most people here have had alcohol for the first time by the age of 16 (if not earlier).
How many Polish women have been attacked for not covering their hair in public?
Oh it did
“I love a sunburnt country” - although it was quoted rather sardonically at the end of last year, start of this year, for obvious reasons
I think this is maybe where Australians/Americans etc have a different mindset to Europeans (although as per usual, Americans have to take the concept to the extreme)
As an Australian, I for one expect that if I'm not in a country whose official language is English, then I expect to be able to talk to very few people
They literally needed a police escort to be safe there.
They said they were gonna leave Australia too if we passed some laws lmao
And an hour in Europe is another country
Secret shame is that I ended up wearing mine as PJs on the trip to save on laundry.
Also and then go from Paris to Barcelona and just finish up in Berlin or some thing?
There were so many things completely new to me on that journey and I didn't really have anyone to fall back on most of the way.
Homicide rates in Australia fell no faster than they already were prior to the gun ban.
You could do a thing with [Castaway] - essentially they put you on a deserted island with a couple litres of water, and some equipment like a machete and some rope (and a radio just in case you need help) and then they leave you for however long you want.
Took me a while lol
I'm sure many of you have seen the video of the Scottish reporter who was convinced she was holding a "drop bear".
I mostly blame the boomers
Apparently we "burn" it by using boiling water like you do when making tea.
People probably start drinking at 16 or 17 at piss-ups or other occasions
Oops I was thinking Uruguay with the sun in the west
I assumed you were exaggerating and checked
It does NOT mean that in Italian
Of course he could change the laws, but that's not really necessary
What kind of silly prison island would that be, if we would just allow them to walk straight out again?
It's a fantastic day trip from Helsinki
The other children of the empire, Canada, Australians and New Zealand are not not fanatics either.
Once you know the rules, it's pretty easy to guess how something is written and/or pronounced
How much is a beer in Ireland in your average bar?
Then there's a trend in both countries where the purists who are ignorant of the other code complain because they think it's "Too Gaelic rules" or "too Aussie Rules" so they snub it
Much love big Zeus
Australian beaches are simply the nicest and best in the entire world
Everyone should get to enjoy the beauty that is an Australian breakfast: a fried egg on top of Vegemite toast.
This area would be a bit dangerous for them anyway because of the cars
English natives don't care because we all have accents
He then got a massive boat/ cruise ship type thing from chile to Antarctica which took around 2 days?
Emails from her private server when she was secretary of state not DNC gossip.
As stated in the post, Romania has a huge corruption problem does it not
The Welsh are very patriotic, so are the Scots, can't talk about northern Ireland cause that's just a fuck up.
You could get 200 bottles of water for that price.
Obligatory "come to Australia if you want heat blah blah blah" comment
Oh, the Buddhist region where the alien chess guy is from
It's fine
Wow, sorry you haven't been enjoying it!
Looks like LA out of Bladerunner if it were sunny
I'm not the fun police or anything but it gets old quickly
Also there aren't a whole lot of non-Greek or Turkish islands between Greece and Turkey in the first place.
And we are like the British, but are not a bunch of gronks, and we excel in the sports that they have invented.
We do
I did my exchange last year, had the same two choices as you, and chose Erasmus
How the hell have more than 10% of people not heard of powerhouses such as San Marino, Liechtenstein, Andorra and Belarus
They will be the first colonists of Mars.
Not in Europe but just for some more data, here in Australia you legally have to be at school until 16 and can only leave on the condition that you get an apprenticeship or some other kind of continued study that goes for a minimum of one year and they supposedly check up on you and fine you if you aren't doing one of those
Which, as an Australian, I thought was hilarious.
Stopping for a break doesn't seem like an issue
Having said that I don’t mind Americans themselves, just get the shits when it’s my fellow Aussies not knowing their own culture
They are similar in policy to other moderate or centre-right parties: Christian Democrats, Republicans, Canadian Conservatives or the Liberal Party of Australia.
Depends how many votes you give to Australia in the next Eurovision!
Then there's Australia, where we have one state that is a failure and the rest of us freak the fuck out at 4 active cases
As a result as soon as things got a little tough they all started getting fucked and the only place to run was outside the country, rather than to a different employer.
Waltzing Matilda is the unofficial Australian national anthem
Kinda like how Japan is an island but it’s closest to Asia so it’s part of that continent
2: now I want to go and check out Undertale, which I suspect was your goal all along
And also the fact that Turkey's current leader insulted us (Australia) because of our failed Gallipoli invasion
lol
>A follow-up study by Kent Wildlife Trust in 2019 used the same methodology as the RSPB survey and resulted in 50% fewer impacts
Why don't people ever try to smash this sort of patriarchy
He was a Vatican Cardinal living in Melbourne, Australia
A lot of the poverty these charities aim to help with is rural
Sorry mate, we call it cancer express here.
You'd be surprised how much this can help
We could just as well add the Australian states then.
Australia is nice but NZ is just a bit nicer.
A false flag operation started by the Greens (environmentalist party) to make it look like climate change was real
Those guys are truly blessed
Recently found Die Töten Hosen and already love them
I'm baffled, I actually laughed at one of your joke!
I was already an adult when I learnt that our adjectives went in a certain order in English
Munster is also Münster but I think the double dotted Münster is German and the other is Irish
They come because they are told our city is like Amsterdam but with a much more relaxed atmosphere.
Technically not another language but we have stupid slang words for some animals:
I have Scottish ancestors I wonder if I could Nordic genes?
I'm trying to learn Caoine Cill Chais atm, but the difficult thing about learning Irish music is that just because you're listening to a recording of Irish people, doesn't necessarily mean they aren't also butchering the pronunciation
A elevator to Australia from Total Recall (the new one, blegh)?
Germany, UK, Belgium, France, Austria, Switzerland, Italy, USA, Canada, Brazil, Japan, Australia, Argentina, Croatia, Czech Republic, Finland, Denmark, Israel, Poland, Russia, Spain and Sweden.
But that's probably just because that's what I'm used to
Huge burn on the 3 days of sun you have a year!
Cafes are very often bars in the Netherlands
I was supposed to catch a connecting flight once i got to LAX which would take me to Melbourne (also a united flight).
Hello, I'm a US citizen currently living in East Asia and hoping to go to Australia on a WHV.
Italy and Spain are not important enough to be major targets for Islamic attack in the same way that Australia or New Zealand aren't.
And build over all that beautiful nature
And we also invented
But that doesn't mean things will change, or that he won't be in power anymore
It's described as *"one of the most comprehensive known espionage alliances in history"*.
Oh ok
Ay pulled yeah
Don't know really
As well as a highway
Thick socks
He did say that the money was to be spent, not to be saved or used to pay off debt.
Accept my poor man’s gold
And then you completely forget to take your passport when you want to cross a non-Schengen border
Make your argument for there being some factor that makes this incomparable.
I bet
Australia is still on our to-see list, so I can't help you much there, but we have travelled to Thailand, Cambodia and Vietnam and loved them all.
I love it
well, both parties there are completely nuts.
Two separate but related issues.
That looks very French
The Netherlands is not "the land of the Nethers" (although I would like it if we referred to it as "the Nether regions") therefore there is no "Netherish".
I have no idea sometimes what the rest of these countries are thinking but by joe (Biden) im all in on this idea!
They want rule of law, just as long as the judiciary has nothing to do with it.
The next group are the poorly educated ones from rural areas, particularly scarred in the 1990s war, who equalize the efforts for an independent Croatia with the WW2 ''Independent State of Croatia'', while they don't understand that it was as independent as the ''Democratic People's Republic of Korea'' is democratic.
Plenty of fish and chips in Australia too
I was always taught it's better form to use the same regional spelling and grammar self-contained within a piece of writing
This is common world wide, even here in Australia where I live now.
The "Left" is imploding, that's why the far right is gaining traction.
When it comes to allies, the UK has Five Eyes (Australia, Canada, New Zealand, US, UK) and is best buds with the United States.
Edit: I've had a bunch of comments all giving me different information on who invented Wifi
Australia and US is pretty crazy
I do believe you will find [42%] of it has a different [anthem]
Assyrians, Kurds and Jews would also like to have a word
I wasn't expecting her to know what island they're from but the kid was slightly crushed
War has displaced a lot from the middle east, the old empire has brought over waves of people from the Indian subcontinent, West Africa, West Indies, South Africa, Australia.
A common past time in Australia is bullying Americans by convincing them we ride kangaroos to school, or teach them about drop bears
Tips to Surviving Australia
Tbh I think it brought a lot of good things to the world yet a lot of bad things
Its a Euro language, we offer French, German and Spanish already why not more?
Kevin Lasagna is a very complex character
Eastern Germany might be a bit of an exception since it was forced into a Western European country.
They deal with each other, no reason other countries shouldn’t deal with both
No job is worth that
Please don't come to Australia and take our jobs.
When some pals back home visited we went backpacking.
We've discovered that she can only pronounce the letter J when she pronounces the G in the word "Charger" but we can't get her to make that sound in any other word
Took me a while lol
By the time that happens we'll have grown accustomed to cheap American grain, Australian beef and Chinese steel, and rejoining the EU protectionist tariff system will be as unthinkable as joining the euro used to be.
Are you suggesting that Australia doesn't have one of the strictest immigration policies on the planet?
I still remember that yahoo question wondering when the Russians would show up in Atlanta
The program to "stop the boats" actually means, "stop the boats from coming to Australia" but that sounds less catchy.
Other Aussies haven't figured out some of the best parts about Canberra.
Like, lowest of the low wages in the US military
Tourists don't get government funded health care.
cunts fucked
Until this very moment, I had always thought 'avocado' was a Spanish word lol
Mainly copperheads and tigers
Hmm, not by itself, no
English used to anglicise borrowings, but that's fallen out of favour, and nowdays we just borrow the word 'as is' as it's seen as more 'authentic'. I know some languages (maybe Norwegian
There’s a bloke in Norway driving around a 4WD from Queensland, Australia
My knowledge of swedish is basically: I think I could do pretty well introducing myself with casual formalities but generally any question beyond "varifrån kommer du” and "hur mår du" I'll struggle with
"Good Day"
You're just looking for a Working Holiday visa.
But no, we bomb places to hell, don't fix global warming such that soon entire parts of the world might become uninhabitable, and instead of doing **anything** real about tackling the fundamental problems we let people die.
That means some ancient evil has risen,  only to be stopped at the last minute by a hero
That said, I know it sucks, but really 30c isnt THAT bad
Wow, I never knew about this, but I think this is what Europe needs.
I know the Jews got their suburbs burned in Smyrna, I haven't read up on what happened in other towns
I have a mate who's gone surfing up that way and reckons Dili will be the next Bali in 10 years time.
The houses are attached to multiple mooring poles
Question about working in Australia
Moved from the uk, with its official limit of 112 km/h and effective limit of 135 km/h, to Australia where speed hysteria never really evolved into the more nuanced road policing approach, 100 km/h limit on motorways except for some glorious sections of 110 km/h, and god help you if you're more than 10 km/h over the limit
That's not a spice
Actually missed getting a good roast lunch from a good old fashioned carvery when I lived in Italy lol
After 2 years of living and travelling in Australia, here are my favourite photos of this beautiful country [OC]
I think Australia and New Zealand are nice too
It's a brand name for a lab grown cheese with no animal content
Fairy Bread, it's bread with butter and hundreds of thousands over it
The environment affects us all, including me and you and your ninth cousin in Australia.
This was written in 1900, and the states listed there do not include the Australian Capital Territory or Northern Territory because they are not classified as states (also back then NT didn't exist, instead there was Central Australia)
Australian clay builds muscles that outclass Olympic weightlifters
How often do you go to the dentist
I'm an Australian who can get a UK passport, I have a question.
So when talking about America, it's solely referring to the country (the USA) and not to every inhabitant of two separate continents
" And is highly against renewable energy
I imagine a phrase you'd need there is; "gdzie jestem
The natives were also mutilated for various crimes but they didn't care about them, the tyranny they were talking about was his treatment of his fellow Spaniards
I went to Olsztyn and really enjoyed it
Yay, but we get along and mix the two of them together.
He's doing the best he can
Surely there are a lot of other more important issues.
I thought it was Itchy Boots
Cassis in France is neat - great base to hike Les Calanques from.
PragerU is correct
<Whispers> UK is heaps better than Australia.
Madlad
+45c South Australia, -40c somewhere in Alberta Canada.
Can't we declare Mexico and Australia both honorary members?
I'd translate that to a 'longing' in English
I have traveled most of south east Asia but always without children.
Chinese Mandarin, it's taught in schools and we have the highest number of Chinese exchange students, therefore many immigrants from China
A bit like the 'twelve' apostles in Australia, except there are now only eight left.
Nights and mornings can be below 10 during the day low 20s.
What I mean is that it sounds like you guys use the back of you throat and seem to have your tongue lower when you start a sentence
Probably more of Asia, you've got NZ/Australia, you could do more South/North America too.
Even during the cold wars height the US and USSR had a working relationship, how do you think we in the west got tetris lol.
I don't think it would be any different today.
A lot of Swedish people would straight out of high school work for maybe 6 months and save all of their money, then they travel in South East Asia or Australia for 6 months.
It's normal in many countries
Man I fucking love castles, and there's so many different kinds around Europe to visit, it's something I never get tired of
The more I learn about these countries, the more I realise they've got their shit together
I'm not European so I don't think I qualify to answer this question, but I follow the politics in Finland, Moldova and Belarus
My Chinese sister in law got asked if she was German a lot when she visited Greece
Tbh I didn't learn about Aboriginal culture through websites or books, I got most of my knowledge first hand when travelling through the Northern Territory and Western Australia (especially in Arnemland) So I don't have any recommendations for you
Righto, drain German
Wouldn't it rely entirely on the places involved?
They can live as Germans in a country which is German.
You guys also get called Sheep shaggers by the rest of Europe whilst Australia bullies New Zealand for the same reason, they also have way more sheep than you
I can't recall any 16 year old just shrugging.
True it might have more jobs but lots more people and traffic to contend with.
All this is based on NSW and I'm not too sure about the other states (I think QLD don't have Kindergarten) but I don't think they vary too far from this
There's a long-running stream on YouTube that continuously plays lofi music that might suit studying or relaxing ([link here] The looped video, inspired by a film by Studio Ghibli, features a girl studying at her desk, hence she became known as "lofi girl".
I've heard Germany in particular is quite formal with the titles/names thing
I don't know how far you scrolled through my comments but if you look at anything that isn't from this specific thread, it would take you a while to find this seemingly unless stream of anti-america posts that you say I have
Be sure to tell the story of these events to every other
I think of alice springs more as a big town ahah
He signed up as a tank gunner with the 1st polish armored division and was injured in battle and recovered in Scotland
It's always bad
Hmm story confirmed
How many study at Chinese universities as opposed to say American or British ones?
A shield inside a roundel
Are people generally more proficient in Swedish or English?
I've been with a mixed race Australian woman for almost 5 years, and she's the only girlfriend I've ever had so it's hard to talk about differences.
Also New Zealand looks nice and different
Europe needs an Australian model where refugee camps are built in the middle of nowhere and that's where applications are assessed.
The question was asked by an Australian.
There's also a lot of places you can't smoke like in basically all public buildings like shops, pubs, restaurants, government buildings; there's  huge stigma against smoking in the house especially if you rent and outside most buildings you have to be a certain distance from the door to smoke
How much are they raising the prices by
It can be used as an affirmation to a question and/or to confirm understanding, or adjective to mean something is passable/acceptable ie "His test went ok" (wasn't great, but wasn't terrible either)
It was probably sold there though as the average WA income is similar to Noways due to the mining boom, so they are more likely to buy imported beers.
Heard this for Germany and the Netherlands and Australia and New Zealand as well.
I would pay any amount of money to have an assassin's creed game in Colonial Australia
Unfortunately no-one knows where
Denmark was by far the cheapest of the three and prices there were generally higher than Australia.
And they're totally oblivious to it as well
It's not Croatian, it's a Papua New Guinean costume - see, at the time Papua New Guinea was part of the Romanian Dominion of Australia, hence why many people have the misconception that he was from Australia.
They're opening up almoat unrestricted immigration from and to Australia, new Zeeland and Canada.
I imagine if you're a Romance language speaker, they're going to be almost the same
Probably that Germans have higher standards, which is fair
Being Canberran and moving to another city, you're right.
Was the steering wheel also on the wrong side
I would imagine an Italian would have an easier time of it
I can recommend Fukuoka (one of my favourite Japanese cities) and Sasebo (to the west of Fukuoka).
Brisbane was definitely one of my regrets.
Won what
Ah, but you have to remember the eternal words of Benjamin Franklin:
I honestly can’t think of any examples for Australia
Plus the accent is laughably terrible.
Is Australia more like the UK/Europe or the U.S?
Are you going to dress for the 10 minutes it might take to get a taxi to the airport or for the 10 hours on a plane
>Meanwhile, Sweden's arrogant brother in the West(Norway) is and has been at 99% renewable energy for decades
Hawaiian shirt
I guess it depends on what one interests you the most and how much time you have?
We Brisbanites probably don’t do a good job promoting our city
Budget would be around $50K but obviously wouldn't want to spend that much if not needed.
In both Heathrow and Austria I had to go through immigration and a passport check where I got my passport stamped.
5% is a very believable number given the fuckwits that win elections by slim margins in countries all around the world
Don’t take Melbourne for granted
The arrest with regards to Brussels bombing was in relation to an imminent attack, most likely on France though.
'I am this.' + 'You are not' = Spilt Blood
Also, being a real novice, I just had a few questions to ask any seasoned travellers who might know some answers.
I do not consider Italians those who aren't ethnic Italians, even if they were born here.
Fez has the biggest one but I didn't rate it as much.
They've had free roaming for years, and just recently they've expanded it even more and you can roam for free in America and Australia (amongst others) as well as the entirety of the European Union.
Even by the window it can take a little while to pick it up if I turn it off.
The three you listed are far away, outside the region (and expensive (esp Japan!).
I just think it's a weird thing to want to make a televised competition out of
They want to put wells in villages that don't have reliable clean water, offer food to subsistence farmers affected by drought, distribute vaccines to communities that don't have reliable access to health care
Unlike Australia the EU doesn't have isles available
Maybe not a 'no-go zone' (not entirely sure what that means), but it doesn't exactly seem desirable.
He has better manners than Trump, even.
Obviously the holocaust is far worse
It's what we've learnt and grown up with, so we're just used to it
Maybe I shouldnt use Anglophones tho, because most users with NZ and Australia flags are simply English immigrants.
Seems very similar to the famous British TV licence, which I assumed was unique to that country
That rule is know by every European and Australian I have ever met and talked about these things with too.
Robbie Williams is a household name in Europe but in the US barely anyone knows who he is
Sameish culture, high cost of living, high cost of flights, hundreds of dollars for the visa, and you'll have to work your way out of this hole before you see any profit from their higher minimum wage.
Although they have different levels of corruption and some adopted boneheaded banking or housing policies, Western countries from Greece to Denmark, along with Canada, Australia, and NZ generally adopted a social-democratic consensus that took the best of big government and capitalism and created (statistically) most of the world's most successful societies (pre-crisis).
Same in Australia- I'm living in Germany, and I can't quite wrap my head around the "du" and "Sie" usage - I understand it in a theoretical way, I just can't seem to put it into practice
I've got an Australian passport so I'm free to go to New Zealand if I want, without visa!
In Australia it's always $1,200
Yay
Everyone here in the UK has an opinion on it and it's not uncommon to hear 'build a wall' jokes.
My hole is collapsing
This post and the memes in these comments are unreal
The situations are too different.
Britain is probably the guy who’s threatened to quit 3 years ago and is standing by the door trying to renegotiate their exit terms while everyone else is staring at them waiting for them to sign the document
Perhaps they should invest in some European border control consultants since it's been so rosy over here.
Fake Aussie accents are horrific
First day back was 46°C. 2nd day back was 48°C. I got to stay home from school on day 2 and spent most of that day in a barrel just like that
I find the Dutch/German structure truely bizarre
Are normal citizens allowed to disobey police orders without consequence then?
**Here's a sneak peek of /r/AskAnAustralian using the [top posts] of all time!**
The polite word for genocide is cultural conversion
Makings of modern Tolstoy:
Also if you've got a partner,  it's not ok to have close opposite sex friends that your partner doesn't know very well, so if you start dating someone new you might stop meeting your opposite sex friends one on one for a while until your new partner feels comfortable
(inb4 kiwis)
Probably wasn't tobacco
"Vowel sounds" is a better way to get across what you're describing, which practically goes unthought of in the Anglosphere unless you are learning another language
Rugby countries often have fantastic anthems, particularly SA, Scotland, France and the king of them all, NZ
They were surprised that someone so tall could still be so cute (in their language cute very much is associated with little, apparently)
Bongs
Trump likes people who compliment him.
We don’t study American geography at all at school here in Australia
It kills me too
I'm not trying to silence others.
Lol, what did they think was going to happen
Did he want to be king of the movie stars
Also maybe Australia, I heard they have a bit of a climate change deniers infestation going on.
- If you have a window seat - use your smartphone to follow your flight.
Best fish and chips in the world
Many just park in the middle of the road wich make trafic worse
You'll be amazed by how common smoking is compared to Australia.
(Hopefully not at the same time but I can't promise anything)
No, there's the standard meaning of universal (as in everything in the universe, or everyone in the world)
It was time to go diving again, so I betook myself to Christmas Island, this Australian external territory in the Indian Ocean.
Yes he might even lure Australia out of the EU
You and I both know what is inferred by the question, but some may have misinterpreted it.
Gross
For example: The Sydney Funnel Web Spider, the most venomous spider in the world, has only killed 13 people
We're numerous, but few people know the term for it I suppose :)
We use both is and are here
Canberran here, just checking in to sympathise deeply
Australian 60 minutes and the Norwegian state broadcasting was attacked simply for entering these areas and filming.
It's one of the most culturally diverse countries on Earth
Primarily all WA residents and UK residents starting an Aus trip?
I've been to both those places already :)
>Even the Amish buy Dutch horses
In fact attempts to do so where discourage because of the doctrine of terra nullis.
That's considered lower class to do that though
Define "good" and "modern".
That's interesting, because most of Australia and New Zealand remembers when the UK turned it's back on it in the 70s to join the EEC that left them in major trouble.
We should be promoting more births and family creation, not this bachelor lifestyle.
Guess I'd be a convict lol
I just type and post and then edit as I go.
Keep in mind we have countries like Canada, the US, NZ and Australia who have extremely similar cultures and the same languages to us.
Why are you getting a 600 and not 601?
This was made in 1912, at this point the white people living in Australia were both the majority, and had been such for a few generations.
Fair enough
international community and Australian citizens themselves.
It's just bs old cabling
Pretty impressive considering the less than ideal economy they have
Therefore the UK potentially has more in common with other countries geographically outside Europe than the mainland.
I know all that, my point wasn't that "they're all Irish and/or think they're the exact same as the Irish Irish," my point was the thinking is different to Irish Australians by comparison
that is almost the size of Australia in an area that is much more threatened by other nations interests.
Even passengers with both flights on the same ticket cannot avoid passing through immigration.
Either Ireland or Australia (UK)
I still feel ill thinking about it.
You see it most lately with African-Americans added to US tv shows or films
I live in an Australian state without a US embassy; I'm not going to spend a few hundred extra dollars to fly to another city and possibly stay overnight, just to get the visa.
Such a waste of energy
No offence but i think your argument was very post truth.
If you aren't a citizen of one of the 7 Middle Eastern countries that have been banned then you have nothing to worry about..
It's insane, as the quality of driving is really poor despite this, but the connection hasn't been made by those in power yet
Except this time without the British rule over it.
That said, I'd much rather have a bit of instability than give a single person too much power, because that opens the possibility of one madman ruining the country, like in the UK or the US
There was no famine in other regions of India, primarily Hindu apart from what we now call Pakistan, and they in fact had stockpiles of food.
Gorgeous apartments, she was obviously doing OK, but she lamented about how lots of the younger folks had gone to work abroad.
Most non-European governments in the developed world.
Hes been in since 2008 and has steered the Nz economy to surplus and strong growth.
You may find that Finnish is quite different in 50 or 100 years
Jebiga - Serbian/Croatian meaning "fuck it", multiple ways to use it, like when you can't be fucked doing anything
I find it interesting that nobody has said anything about different expectations of acceptable behaviour with same vs opposite sex friends
They would never have captured it.
> nearly 40C
They are called Asians because they are Asians.
I felt I had to drive differently in Brussels than I would back in Limburg too or I'd just be stuck.
Google maps is great for this, look at the drive times, they are with bare minimal stops for any reason.
Aromanian does have its own flag
Trump can barely put a coherent sentence together, and was frequently unable to actually answer any policy questions in debates, interviews, etc.
I made this account just to answer this question :) husband is a convicted felon.
Oh yep, I've read up on the Serbia thing, didn't even realise that was an issue you could have traveling before I looked into that area of the Baltics ha.
Yeah, I think once I've mastered German (ha ha ha, never gunna happen) I might try my hand at learning Dutch
Don’t come to coastal NSW then, unless you want to experience +25°C in humid heat
It's not our fault that we're not interested in the European project.
So we’ll probably catch up to you guys soon
What we need now is no more broadening (more countries just dilutes the project and leads to anti-immigrant sentiment) and no more deepening (when that happens too fast, people start getting separatist) but lots more refining (making sure the institutions are as democratic as possible, doing the most efficient job possible, and countering Sun-style propaganda).
We don't have døgn, but we'd just say '24 hours' if we need to be that specific
chocolate goes with most things
Was with my boyfriend in Austria and received some not very nice words
Pour a half litre of spirit when a single is ordered
(I've been there
i always mess up Australia and Russia for other places if there is no signs clearly around.
But sometimes you have to make an overnight stop in a small country town with its only attraction is a ‘big thing’
So if the socialist elements of the March revolution got what they wanted, Austria would've been part of a "greater Germany"
This is one place where countries like Canada, Australia, and the US have an advantage in integration over countries like Denmark with an autochthonous population that sees themselves as the True Danes.
We have been to O'Connor's too.
A visa that I had to get since the changes to the ESTA conditions.
I can get Australia but Uruguay surprises me, I thought they were one of the better South American countries.
Northern California and Oregon looked always nice, Australia would be also interesting.
Navantia is a reference in surface warships, having been able to integrate the AEGIS LM system in a much smaller platform.
But nothing about dressing in women's clothing and hanging around in bars
Oh dear god, those are negatives
I generally scream "BLITZKRIEG
Reminds me a story of an Irish grandad flying to Melbourne from Ireland to see his daughter and grandkids for the first time.
Culturally they feel only a bit more different than Canadians, but in different ways.
If anything, English will become more standardised
Yeah some really good Italian restaurants.
Jeez, that's seriously messed up.
I'm currently at uni hoping to become a clinical psychologist, is there much of a market for that in Italy
It’s so cute when the UK has a little ‘heatwave’ and y’all dying and it’s like 28 degrees
5% is a very believable number given the fuckwits that win elections by slim margins in countries all around the world
If we take into account the lifetimes of Redditors, the last 20-30 years, there is still no one who overtake the salafists...
Wait
Might as well be friends with the Anglosphere at further expense of European friendship if the Europeans want nothing to do with us anyway.
Because regardless of all technological progress you cannot ignore basic geographical facts.
French doesn't give you the same.
Australian Venturer here, (boy scouts 14-18 year olds, in the UK they call it Adventurers not sure about other countries) our uniforms are very different to those from most countries and we generally don't call it "Boy scouts", it's usually just "Scouts" because we include women in scouting as well (although Guides still only allow women)
Irish pronunciation I can mostly wrap my head around, but the lenition for dh I'm still completely lost about, especially when it's at the end of a word
I'm using closeness as a way to describe how you generally feel about people in other parts of the globe using a "us vs.
Downvote me and this article all you want, but it's hardly a hit piece.
When I talk to people about Amsterdam, I always lead with the fact it's a monument to architectural arrogance and recommend het Grachtenhuis museum to explain what I mean
Eddy Mabo
I thought Belgium was smaller than that
New Caledonia is a fantastic example
Particularly when they need to cut the car open to rescue people
I don't speak much Danish, what's going on here?
Much better than Wales v Australia
In Victoria (Aus not BC) they can cancel your vehickes registration if there are too many expletives written on it
I fucking hate summer
*Aserejé ja de jé de jebe tu de jebere seibiunouva
I always kept an eye on Belarus for some unknown reason, but since August I have been following the protests very closely
Does that mean that we're 'sister nations' with these countries?
Yes but no
Not something I would agree with.
Australia, that doesnt even have a space agency, and temporarily got rid of its Science Department within the Federal Government....
Anyway, I would suggest you drop by there if you wanted to see the Alps as they're very close.
The impression I get is that there's been a lot of undercutting northern Europe by, say, Estonians working for less than Finns, Poles working for less than Dutch, and Lithuanians working for less than Brits and Irish.
On top of this, Greece is expected to engage in firesales, giving the private sector monopolies on key industries (like ports).
Geography is my favourite subject in general, but the topics there were far too easy for me - I had to explain to my teacher that Sydney is not the capital of Australia...
International flights tend to be on time so you shouldn't be too concerned about flight delays into SYD.
My money's on Australia, Canada & USA.
Economy is about supply and damand, not about your personal feelings about random nations on the globe.
Canada, Australia and NZ still look pretty sane.
Did not stop Australia if I understand The Allegiance Act:
I’d still go there
Just add pineapple and you’re good to go
Australia: Whitlam giving sand to an Aboriginal elder
Kinda like how Japan is an island but it’s closest to Asia so it’s part of that continent
Growing up in the UK, I always just thought of them as massive homogenous blobs
And I know far more about the US than about any eastern European country.
many unusual features, including what at first looks
Gas leak
In a fresh Tulip broth
>"I assert that the violence of the calamity of turbulent persons has injured me more than my services have profited me; which is a bad example for the future
Today I think most polls have republic winning, but who knows what would happen when campaigning gets underway (which it will, the leader's of both major parties are republicans, and have signaled interest in a referendum when the Queen's rein ends.).
Hey, we have [Solo] here in Australia as well
Broken hill
Mooloolaba
Here in Australia we are a minority within our own country.
Disappears quickly and doesn't stay
More specifically Canada is the only thing between the lower 48 and Alaska (important if there's another Aleutian Islands campaign), while Australia is a huge fortress which can be used to flank China.
If you are going to be in Australia on a working holiday visa, your Canadian passport plus certified copies of the said documents in English are good.
I'll just go with both
It depends on what you like doing!
Of course we'll laugh at your stupidity.
A lot of them (Not all) ignore other countries history in favour of rewriting history books to make America look better
But daily death rates are falling massively in the us so that’s a positive
So when it comes to non natives, we like to hear the accent but also we need to be able to understand you though lmao
Huh, my Mum is Czech, she calls her big toe a thumb sometimes but I've never heard that one before
Eh attitudes change fast when things change
You're all going to hell for this
Wow
People all over the world post here.
Sorry about that
Australia could always do with another Blue Mountains..
The th is almost silent when I say it
BREXIT is caused by rubbish like this
An inconvenient truth
I learned all my American geography from popular music and Hollywood - not school
Unless you're an English language teacher, most people don't care (especially young people)
Lemmino has [a great video] on this
Our class even participated in one and it was just chaos.
It's so weird how some Americans seem to think that calling someone "black" is racist and use "African-American" instead.
It's 12:20 am and I pissed myself laughing
I used to remember getting confused, cause I thought it was some sort of dessert
Same shitty speeds, doesn't mean a thing when the cables are so old
I mean
A surprise, to be sure, but a welcome one
An Austrian living in Australia.
The best beach places I know of personally are Florianopolis (Brazil), the NSW Australia coast, Greece, and Thailand, but getting out that far may be more logistics than you want to handle if the goal is to just hang out on a beach for a while.
We are SUPPOSED to be able to get around without a car but Sydney transport is a fucking joke and has problems with the train and the new self driving metro system every 10 minutes
Australia has weird venomous things, but they don't have any super predators that will literally hunt you down.
I think the owner is Polish tbf
I say this as an Anglo-Hong Konger, so I am well aware of British colonialism.
Yeah nah Aussie accent is not as homogeneous as people think
BYOD stands for bring your own drinks, it's actually great because then you can bring what you like to drink to the party
Gallipoli
Would have thought Greek was probably the second language of Australia
Probably one of my favourite fruits
Well that's what Australians are doing to keep their borders in check and it ...
At least with regards to Trumpistan (the USA), it doesn't need to be this bad.
If it was Australians under the age of
Beside, this is not the right place to ask questions like this.
cheat, steal, and litigate (marks of a civilised
"supposedly", it was mostly disproven but nobody knows what those quakes really were
Very enjoyable and probably a culture shock for an Australian.
Meanwhile in Australia
Doesn't matter what Australia does when the reefs are gone either way.
I really enjoyed that museum
Numbers of NZ tourists to Paris are not expected to drop significantly however.
>I can barely put food on the table
It was invented and popularised by you guys
I thought about stopping in AU after spending time in Asia to refuel, and it was actually cheaper to return to the US where there are no holes to jump through.
I hope your day is great even without cake
You have all heard of the Emu war already, but another interesting thing that happened during that time in the 1930s: Chariot racing, but they used motorbikes instead of horses
Pretty sure that's global
I was already an adult when I learnt that our adjectives went in a certain order in English
I'll need to look into the song as well
So did Papua New Guinea but we don't have banter with them
But then I hear about how terrible the fruit is there :( I guess I'm lucky here in Australia.
Well we are the only country that for the overwhelming majority of its history took up an entire continent, and with a rounded percentage, still do
” Which basically means you have to say “yeah good
But compared to Indonesia, Tanzania, Brazil, Japan, etc?
You are a huge part of the problem.
They didn't do it out of the goodness of their hearts they did it because they couldn't afford to keep them on tight leash anymore.
They literally form their own communities because there is room for that.
If that's the cost to keep it clean and for maintenance, then I think it's fair
I am Australian about to have my second child.
Or we should become like USA and Australia with dealing with any illegal immigration.
Lederhosen on the beaches of Sicily
Huh, another cultural difference I learned cuz of here In Aus, we have a massive binge drinking culture and epidemic in young people (16-26y.o)
Guess I'd be a convict lol
If you dont want to go to Vienna Vienna, you could go to Bratislava which is a very short distance from Vienna and which is quite pretty as well, or Krakow.
And they're confused with Slovakians..
In Victoria (Aus not BC) they can cancel your vehickes registration if there are too many expletives written on it
Sun comes up at 10am and goes down again at 3pm
He'd started playing somewhere abroad, can't remember where but it wasn't in Sweden
Yes most green party's are on the left and pro immigration, pro abortion etc etc, thought that was implied.
"Only Paris is worthy of Rome, only Rome is worthy of Paris."
Rather than sounding like Mario they’re accent seemed to have more bass
I wouldnt consider a legal union to be a basic human right, but it is obviously a problem that straight people have access to priviliges that gay people dont.
Actually missed getting a good roast lunch from a good old fashioned carvery when I lived in Italy lol
I find it rather disturbing that democracies around the world are regionalizing and care more about their own problems and are willing to sacrifice fellow democracies on the other side of the globe.
In Oceania, Kiwis are called the sheep shaggers
oh wait, 'free as long as we don't get offended', so not-so-free press.
Amen
Walking the camino is gonna be my reward when I finally finish my PhD.
It is amazing how poor are some European countries.
Eventually, I think future generations will speak some sort of globalized English language with hints of American, British, and Australians influences here and there.
You can see exactly how bad it was in videos of him though
Much of the chemical smell disappears in a day or less
How can anyone even have a strong opinion on that place
You start above Zurriola beach and make your way up the hill, then there are a number of trails that head in the right direction (a map app or something comes in very handy though).
Australians generally don't think they have an accent.
How many wars have the developed countries that did not join EU had?
>O dierbaar België, O heilig land der Vaad'ren,
In summer it can easy reach 45 degrees celcius, where your shoes melt on the road.
We have those everywhere in Australia, albeit much smaller
That means “where the devil urinates
China
I meant more rule 4 "no Image macros, memes"
(This question could also apply to Germany and Russia)
It is the most expensive city to live.
Before we go ahead and say that it is simply a sliding scale
Although, I will use my heritage and use the word "craic" I love it
I am not European but I like Firefox because you can have the setting of never recording your history (if there was a Chrome setting like this I may convert lol).
I have no idea why it didn't excite me like most other people, but I just really felt like it was boring and uninspiring.
Definitely much better than Murdoch
A shield inside a roundel
A common defence policy was a main reason for Australian federation, it could be an impetus to EU integration.
Seriously, New Caledonia (alongside Tahiti) should be an Overseas Region instead of Overseas Departments.
It seemed to be similar in Argentina
"Babe, it's 4 P.M."
Australia - I burnt my eyebrows on a barbecue.
Australian culture is by and large european (mostly british islander); music is a cultural art, so it checks out.
Once the cop left, they were throwing giant rocks at the reporters and robbed them.
California has openly stated they will not enforce the travel ban or any other Trump policies they find unconstitutional, and California is arguably the most liberal/tolerant state in the country.
im starting to see people saying its at 200'000 with numbers rising, not sure if true but the crowd is definitely huge
But after 30+ years in here he refuses to learn Finnish because it's too ugly language.
The beer is stronger than you think, regardless of how strong you think it is
r/mapswithoutnz
How would it sound if for example Bulgaria sends an ambassador to The Netherlands who openly stated that the dutch walls they build to protect their land from the sea, should be mined and blown up?
Germany can't even expand anywhere
These three differences make it fundamentally difficult for Europe to implement the Aussie experience.
Or prehaps neither, and we're just Australian?
So maybe if you just pretend it's really cold outside your body will think its your normal indoor winter temperature
I did, I visited Thailand, Cambodia, Singapore, Hong Kong, Japan, Vietnam, and Malaysia.
The emu war was lost because emu's disperse and run away in all directions when fired at with machine guns
NZ is *somewhat* sane but they're not that far off.
Then I noticed the baby and his hand on the handle
14% positive North Macedonia
The flip side is that most roads are fairly quiet and it's a great place for a road trip!
Sure, but the UK and the US seem to want to get closer, along with Canada, Australia and New Zealand.
" To which I politely remind them that "***NOBODY IN AUSTRALIA EATS FUCKING SHRIMP WE EAT PRAWNS YOU DIMWITTED CUNT***"
Well I'm also going to Australia so now I'm going to shorten up that trip so I'll have more time in New Zealand!
I've rented a pocket wifi in Japan previously but my research suggests that it won't work on a ship.
How about we show that bald, frosty cunt how to throw a REAL boomerang
It's quite tourist friendly because most of the better attractions are free (museums and gallerys if that's your bag) and you can walk around most of the big attractions (buckingham palace, big ben etc) in less than half a day.
Sounds like the sort of thinking that used to start wars.
There are many deadly snakes in Australia but in nine months of travelling all around I only seen a King Brown snake.
Ich bin kein Deutscher
I'm not looking forward to it
You learn to appreciate things more when you're not as...
Get a gig on an Australian farm for some months.
Waiting lists too long and refugees centers overcrowded : not enough quality of life and not enough guarantees to a timely process of application for a humane treatment...
Malta
Primarily they are attempting to shift facts and blame to the British and specifically Churchill, who they hate, to divert attention from the fact that the largely home run regions of India weren't interested in helping.
I travel a ton for work and I try to bring him along.
EAU - European and Australian Union.
Because we only the 5th biggest economy in the world.
I thought it was Itchy Boots
I remember first trying it out with an old iPhone 4 years ago and it wouldn't do it.
You can, Australia is doing one too as far as I know.
However like some other universities after business hours we might need to have our cards logged when we use scanners to access some areas of the university.
It seems more likely they would prefer the UK.
Yes, higher rates of ADHD in the US and Australia.
Bit rich coming from Germany, no
I have worked in CO and NYC and while Americans are nice the Canadians are next level.
It's Moroccans that show up in all of our crime statistics as the main problem group, it's been mainly Moroccans that were the perpetrators of the Paris and Brussels attacks.
r/skitzcunts
Works in the warehouse on the bottom floor of the building
I still would love to live in Asia but it is quite a headache.
Wouldn’t be weird,  makes sense to me
How is this any different
It seems that the ship will probably block it; and there won't be a signal anyway if we're too far from land.
In America there are a few restaurant chains that mimic other countries and their foods.
Did you need it to be a single word, or just a term for it
Gliding along serenely
Australia is as European as it gets.
Australian of African decent Traveling to US
I assure you that it is not satire and those crackpots were once taken very seriously by the Australian government.
That's like asking what's the best song in the world.
There's nothing i can think of why the punishment should be different for quite some crimes or minor offenses
Why on Earth are we having this conflict over a bunch of **foreigners**?
See if the cider didn't exist, Strongbow by itself would be a brilliant name
**South Australia** British sounding snobs with weird dirt
Italy already tried to apply an "Australian solution" back in the early 2000's, as the article says too, with Maroni, even trying to deal with N African countries some policies to contain the emigration, and has been criticized internationally for this.
Check
Dschinghis Khan too with Moskau
But to be fair, the top US universities take in very few students out of their population, and most Americans don't get to attent a uni in the top 100.
I always used to assume it was just the ninth bridge or something
The US president gets on his toy phone (regular phones have buttons too close to each other for American-sized fingers) and orders a nuclear strike against Australia.
Europe quietly seeks Australia's help stopping migrants
'We're not here to fuck spiders.' It's in English and it probably makes no sense to non-Australians...
Canadian travelling to SE Asia then to Australia for work/holiday.
Build a hydralisk
Apparently they like Australia so I guess it's an alright place
The other germanic languages had those sounds at some point
Is 45 minutes enough time to make a connecting flight?
My girlfriend and I are planning a trip for after we graduate college (end of may/early June) for around 7-10 days.
And an hour in Europe is another country
Check
The kicker is, they've been doing this since the 1930's at least
A stick is very useful for this task
Besides Brisbane is kinda overshadowed by the Sunny Coast and Gold Coast
If you go almost to the other side of the world from the UK, to Australia, they are often called "Maccas".
No train in the USA has a regular dome car.
One of my "uncles" (I don't actually know how he is related to me) lives in Ljubljana and always calls us when he sees one because of how surprised he is LOL
I was totally paranoid about pickpockets and shit in Florence and Rome
Best Organic Wines and Wineries of Australia
"I'm from the corporate office, I am here for 2 days and then I'll see you again next year"
The joke works better with Australia.
Totalinarianism is what people are usually decrying when they talk about the horrors of communism
The government used to kidnap aboriginal children from their families and take them to "missions" where they would be taught how to live and act as white people did in an attempt to assimilate them into European society
Wow that's really interesting thank you so much for sharing
Stolen Generation
So it's the same as "it's all greek to me"
My father could speak about 7 different languages, but he couldn't pronounce "th" - even though he was around native English speakers for decades.
Believe it or not, I'm genuinely happy with that!
It's warmer in Iceland than in the Netherlands right now
I lived in Australia for 3 months for a fellowship and it was the best summer (winter) of my life.
It's on holiday visiting Australia and Nez Zealand.
There's actually a great sci-fi novelette on the subject.
I'm sorry to hear of your condition.
stick
I've heard they pay more taxes for healthcare for some than countries that have it for all
But I'm about as Irish as a potato wrapped in the union jack, whatever that means
Air force
It's clear that our western idea of "gay" isn't really close to their conception of these matters.
It's pretty much like cherry picking on a one existing golden cherry farm so that you can argue about how easy it's picking cherries mentioning those countries.
Totalinarianism is what people are usually decrying when they talk about the horrors of communism
Why on earth do Australians care about Brexit?
I would prefer Fillon over Le Pen though.
Nice to see the old colonies doing well in this sub.
Conversely, Australia has borders with Norway and France, but we consider them extremely foreign
Some of which we never would break, some of which we obviously do with our offshore detention centres in nauru and manus and refoulement of refugees.
I am travelling from Mexico (A) through the US (B) to Australia (C).
By countries so small, that they are insignificant in the world.
Best I can do
I visited Finland once, I had flown from Brisbane ~35-38°C to Helsinki which was in a suspiciously warm December at ~0°C. Every shop or building I went into had the heat cranked up though, and it was too hot inside for me
I'm not talking about the dodgy tent camps, basically build cities and provide a safe place, healthcare and education in these places.
I've read about Australian example where the government gave people money and encouraged them to spend it on goods like video games.
[Parlez-Vous Francais
They won't bother you if you leave them alone and we don't smell like food so they wouldn't just bite people for no reason.
Glad to see Australia still speaking proper.
Have you tried practicing at the thing you want to be good at
Take good maps
It doesn't often come in handy
Get them playing cricket and you've got a deal.
However, I'd recommend Dead Horse Gap to people with a little bit more experience - the terrain is a bit harder and the tracks aren't as maintained.
obviously going to be a different vibe and experience, but you said "lots of money to spend."
They can help enter in a country mentality, but they don't have to be absolutely confused with the crude reality, or with crude reality dealing stuff like its political or social environment.
We just had an election in Australia where the conservative party that didn’t even have a climate policy won in a surprise upset basically cause they waved tax breaks in front of people eyes
They are almost the same size after all
I collect pins and bird feathers for mine, it's awesome
al that as long as you keep winning elections you keep your job
Undemocratic hate groups don't have any place in a democracy
The wide, well-maintained track has a is extremely suitable for people of all hiking abilities and experiences (I actually did the hike when I was 7yrs old and we saw a group of 65yr+ while we were there).
We spend hundreds of millions of dollars shipping them around the pacific to poorly run offshore facilities that Australia is responsible for.
You'd really like Melbourne (Australia) then
Surely folks know about Cardiff and Belfast
Someone from north Queensland (tropical part) would find Melbourne weather on the cool side
This was taken at the Green Island Reef which is the easiest part of the Great Barrier Reef to access from Cairns.
I guess having an interest in Antarctica should imply we've got *something* in common culturally but I'm not really sure what
Now: Sydney
Europe doesn't even have the kind of resources that Australia and the Americas have.
This is really encouraging to hear.
Most of their locations as far as I remember are Queensland, NSW and South Australia
well in australia, I think we consumse most alcohol per capita in the world (off the top of my head)
Peter Box was an Australian rules footballer...
Hot diggity
*  In terms of the concept alone, the Geffrye Museum of the Home, showcasing interiors from various periods in history
I've never heard of the language tests with accents before, that's cool
How to best spend 10 days in Australia?
You and plenty of people say he's racist and misogynistic, but where is the evidence?
In about 2 weeks I'm traveling to Australia for just under three months by myself and I'm slightly worried about it.
I wouldn't see I have a "very large" number of comments critical about the US but I will admit I am critical of the US government
*  In terms of the best thematic soft play area, the Kelham Island Museum
>Many Millennials don’t drink alcohol anymore
Typically, it is unique in this
Google it and go through Australia's Dept of Immigration and Border Protection.
The real meme here is Australia and Austria being in the same pot.
that is really quite surprising considering how much the global politics changed during the centuries because of British involvement - often for the better, sometimes not so much - but no one can deny that British colonialism gave the world North America, Australia and New Zealand, all advanced, developed, modern countries.
My point was that it was not the Jury who overruled the popular vote.
&#x200B;
Nah, France would want its former glory returned
As someone who is half Maltese
I think its the lack of a regional accent
Same here
The Buran orbiters were stuck into hangars and left there so they could be pulled out later if they were needed, but the hangars were poorly maintained and the roof started leaking, and when they sent a crew up to do repairs the whole roof collapsed destroying both orbiters and killing some of the workers
Please don’t put that evil on us
But OP wants us all to stroke his average American dick and tell him how good he is...
Where most people are ethnically German, their own race.
Many of them are very cute
Was with my boyfriend in Austria and received some not very nice words
Looks like LA out of Bladerunner if it were sunny
Sooo now that populism is on the rise, and the previous power risk to lose their sit, they actually make a move?
Why are there so many people of native descents in Latin America when you compare it with North America?
The real question here is – is the UK more like Europe or Australia?
Like the restaurant
The depression leads to alcoholism, the alcoholism leads to crime and so on
E.g. 9/11 happened at 10-11pm here
” if you’re not dead
I think this is majorly because the US government to me represents probably one of the worst ways to run a first world country as powerful and full of potential as the US is
They served in East Timor along side Australian special forces taking part in deep jungle reconnaissance missions.
Its not about any of that, its about dividends.
Yeah, fuck those researchers for trying to learn stuff about society.
With freedom of movement in the EU there will be pockets of people of multiple nationalities settling here.
How has anyone not heard of Monaco
In 2013 Australia said "fuck it" and sent an All-indigenous team just to shake things up
*  Males: 18+ 26
Let them have their own land
I watched the Dutch YouTuber NikkieTutorials for an embarrassingly long time before I realised she was not actually American
It's midnight here so I'm not going to look up the quotes but check out the "history wars" during the John Howard years and you'll find some juicy stuff.
It's the second most isolated city in the world (Hawaii is 1st)
*Ahem* Gough Whitlam *Ahem*
I like your open-minded, live and let live perspective
I'm an Aussie and I've never even heard of these!
Pretty similar thing for fururism: many students simply associate with fascist art.
Salazar's Portugal was also in NATO.
Plus it's all covered by my insurance anyway
The son's and daughters of rich accountants and lawyers, engineers and doctors in Australia are all well off too.
It's barbaric; couples will be standing next to each other, then someone chilling on the left, someone else chilling on the right
Summer days over 40 and winter days around 12 but with an icy wind
I hope you all get a potato today
Year 2050: Australia becomes literally paradise.
They feel like some weird plastic material.
What is (in your opinion) the best dessert in your country?
Little do they know it's just OP's Mum's dildo
Conversely, Australia has borders with Norway and France, but we consider them extremely foreign
If you want democratic process, then make EVERYONE participate
I assumed you were exaggerating and checked
They never killed 100 people in one attack but they weren't stuffing around with the mass murder:
Yeah, the "average" sucks and really doesn't tell us anything.
Well, there is a baguette feuilletée.
- The Aboriginal people or "first nation" people have been around so long that there are cave paintings of animals that have long been extinct (When I visited Arnhem Land I saw one of an extinct species of giant bird that died out 30000 years ago)
European Answer: East Coast Italy doesn’t get enough recognition; Rimini, Bari, Taranto
thats Atlantis
But I think that's because the company itself is called "Yellow Pages". Or maybe they called themselves that because they decided to use yellow pages
* The eastern side of the dam walls can also have port facilities located there, allowing freight to be imported/exported via the rail system
A gender related issue is less dangerous than the sociopathy that s common among leaders, yet less visible
Not an opinion shared by any of the Europeans I met on my exchange
Yeah I agree
During the night it comes out to eat worms and grubs
Because to be fair, It is only really the coasts of Australia that are inhabited.
Gonna be a while before I have a (real) blue one of my own
Why are we here
(Maybe because I'm Australian, but I still snowboard every year here and I found those slopes pretty steep.) Best of luck and have fun!!
I don't disagree that it's bad for business, but surely that's still better than another wave
You are a US citizen, so your partner would need their own work and holiday visa.
Really want to move but I don't know if I'd have a job
That's fair enough, I've lived in Australia but not Canada so that probably affects my view.
Yup, the Great Vowel Shift really screwed the English writing system, and even worse, the people in charge decided not to update the spelling
So far I've been to North America, Europe and Asia.
I would never call someone Asian Australian, how degrading.
Most people in Australia, new Zealand etc know their distant heritage but few would identity as European over their native home.
That seemed really promising but when I follow the steps it comes up with an ancillary error :\
We do but nobody ever obeys it
Be warned
About then the sheep arrived, and have been treasured ever since
He isn’t in an EU country
I'd like to give Australia a place in Europe.
I wish someone would tell our stupid politicians about that, because they've done a great job ignoring the will of their constituents so far.
Ah yes, celebrate the regime that killed millions of your people
In Australia it's the least fancy way we know to make a thousand island dressing
There is massive support in Australia for this approach, and it has been highly effective.
Great, cause you'll never see them again
Kind of like Poland-Lithuania when after the 1444 incident Lithuania's Grand Duke became the king and Grand duke of Poland and Lithuania
someone is not irresponsible for being ignorant of subtle rules and regulations of foreign countries.
Like it or not Champagne is a sparkling wine coming from the Champagne region.
Sorry, I wasn't talking about you specifically, but the average kid.
I am half Arab, but this is what happens when you take peeps from countries that have terrible human rights records for women.
With the combination of the Iraq war, surveillance, political influence, and Donald Trump, I would bet that public opinion of the US is lower than it has been in a long time.
Here, it's "woof woof" for a dog
Well right now my main concern is saving for Australia and New Zealand Working Holiday Visas, hopefully next year.
Not in Central/Eastern Europe, but the UK could count as one, France to some degree and of course Canada, Australia and the United States.
They're not native to here
MEH
Froze my ass off in Ireland, Paris, and Glasgow before getting down to Spain.
Reminds me of my Chilean classmate in our German language course
Maybe 6euro for a pint in Melbourne, 7 in Sydney, 8 in Perth.
Jesus mate you're beyond help
Lol no one in Australia drinks Fosters.
Adelaide & Kangaroo Island (July)
My mum who is a native Arab keep telling me "Islam would never take over" and I told her that would never happen the people would never accept it.
Some aspects we’re similar to the yanks, and in other aspects the USA might as well be another planet with the weirdo bullshit
I clearly do understand because I just fucking said:
It's why Australians shitpost so much, a downvote there is actually positive
They must have taken that genius to Australia because there's Titwobble Lane, Cokum-Tittybong Road, Mossy Nipple Bend[...]
No wonder their country is going to sh*t
Make sure you have some Char Keoy Teow for me.
* The dam walls would be able to carry an electrical grid, spreading out electricity availability
Basically it's nothing else than agreeing and harmonizing roadsigns.
Wow, thats so different to here
It's just that many cities within the same country tend to be very similar.
Internet in the Netherlands is amazing throughout the nation.
Axis wasn't going to leave the south Pacific to its own devices if they won.
I fucking hate summer
I don't know the last time you were in Bavaria for Oktoberfest but it's practically an Australian heritage festival at this point.
Yea true
Israel may be far away, but it is part of the Western world culturally.
Semi-trailers (Road Trains) have hit them at high speed, with all 9 wheels on one side, and this merely makes them very annoyed
I forgot the name of the place though, sorry.
On the other hand you can always bet on Anglophones to defend them even if the Americans themselves agree that they are making a mistake.
The fuck am I sposed to know
Wait really
Not a weird government agency but the way it came about was weird
That's very dissatisfying
No Iranian has ever committed terror in the U.S, Iran has had far less terrorist attacks (only one recorded) on its soil than the U.S all century.
Absolutely loved La Cave, the wine bar owned by the Septime/Clamato group.
Dude this retort sucks and is easy to break
It's that but at a larger scale
As for Europe, there are people from all over the world who live there, so I'm confident that if you dedicate yourself to it you can still move there.
Farming in Belgium is nearly dead.
For Finland- I have a personal interest in both the country and it's politics and I'm also learning Finnish, so it's good practice
What’s wrong with the ol’ budgie smugglers mate
Much better than the voting 'liberty and wealth and prosperity' type of anthems
Linguistically that obviously isn't the case, but from a cultural standpoint there may be some similarities to your neighbouring countries
I don't myself
well in australia, I think we consumse most alcohol per capita in the world (off the top of my head)
Do you know any research that says they did?
I usually hate ham and cheese sandwiches, but ham and cheese baguettes were like crack cocaine to me in France
People say that in Australia the rip currents will draw you away, yet the reality is the only thing that’ll draw you away faster than the rip is the weird middle aisle at Aldi
The greens movement apparently started in Australia as well:
I'm pretty sure the modern pie doesn't contain any birds, but it's very hard to tell through all the gravy
If you learn German old english is easier, but aside from a few words it’s pretty much incomprehensible to me
Ive been very critical of New Zealand (a country I call home, despite being Australian) but conversation surrounding NZ governmemy isn't exactly something that comes up very frequently outside of NZ circles and I am in support of the large majority of the decisions made by the NZ governmemt, yet I can still be critical of the counties infrastructure
We have a high limit at my company
All in all you just have to remember that [this] is a pain au chocolat.
In what world is Australia more Americanised than Canada...
#Policies_regarding_Poles.2C_Russians_and_other_Slavs
If we did like Australia they would stop coming.
Iceland - Icelish
Thomas de Maiziere suddenly turned to an Australia-like border policy, but is part of the same government which favoured the former policy.
>can't sleep
Just waiting for the old Jesus people to croak so they can get that across the line.
Was in a lift with two ladies from former Yugoslavia speaking in their own language, didn't think much of it as that's pretty normal in Australia
Australia is unambiguously and always considered developed.
yah yah now go fuck Indigenous Australians more you glorious westerner
But as far as my personal thoughts on it all, I tend to think of the British Isles somewhat distinct from mainland Europe (and other European island such as Iceland, Cyprus etc.)
Heaven is what I picture as a sanctuary of the dead, like my deceased mum
Modern ones are Congress Poland, Poland-Soviet war (Where Poland got Vilnius and half of Belarus and Ukraine until 1939)
Getting visas from any country in the Anglosphere to any other country in the Anglosphere is already easy as shit.
If it's just an economic block why do you get so butthurt when we criticise it?
Take us (Australia), New Zealand, and Canada!
There are multiple anglo-countries.
I made up the England/wales flag but the Celtic union one was posted by someone on here:
So much history, so much to see and do, great nightlife, cheap, easy to navigate and inexpensive to get to (especially from the UK).
Fuck yeah we made it on the list
So did Papua New Guinea but we don't have banter with them
It's a cool language, how do they go about adding new words to Irish coinciding with new technology or discoveries etc
Beheading an old lady during mass like holy fuck
I'm an Australian visiting Italy soon, anything I should be worried about
This is a spelling problem rather than a pronunciation problem.
five year clock towards Australian citizenship
They're talking about French
Be proud of your accents
Peking is very old fashioned
I didn't drink for 5 years and the amount of times I had to explain myself is ridiculous
I actually worked in Canada for a number of years (I am from Australia) and developed a number of new skills that I bought back to oz with me.
I don't think they have any reason to be dishonest on that.
It's just removing voting power that should be dedicated to people that actually stand a chance.
Yes, it's another one of those global western conspiracies against the poor, defenceless Turks, that everyone seems to believe who didn't have glorious Turkish education.
Since US Media is heavily owned by French, Australians and Germans i don't get the point.
For a developed country I would honestly say very corrupt
And Australia
Just pointing out that many Brexit voters have been arguing that post-Brexit UK should emulate Australia's points-based immigration system, when the PM has ruled out that possiblity.
The 14c days were rare however
I have a mate that's travelled around large parts of Central and Southern Europe working in hostels for room and board.
Where was this taken if you don't mind me asking?
Nope, that's something I'm glad we don't have in English
He was the final victim of the Nazis.
Unchanged and really shows the past your country has had
I'm not the fun police or anything but it gets old quickly
&#x200B;
It's like they're so scared that if any of their protagonists are racists (which they probably would be given that time period) they would completely lose the audience, but I'd hope people were mostly smarter than that tbh
Thats just a far left view of things and not at all accepted.
This reminds me a lot of when I was in the south of France, I guess because it's so close to Spain.
I'm just not technical enough to work this out for myself.
I wish people would stop being so fucking nitpicky about "oh well actually these people are from here so they're allowed to but these people aren't so they're not." It's a fucking cultural celebration and we're all humans, if someone wants to celebrate it let them do so in peace or fuck off.
[Sydney!] All the cards on the right except for the bottom one are from Australia.
Anyway I was in a pub in Belfast, and this bloke told me he used to hurl for Antrim; so I repeated the above to him and he turned his head towards me, and without saying a word removed his two front teeth
[giggles in Australian]
The whole narrative of the British or 'English' sending Australian and NZ troops where they wouldn't go themselves is bullshit.
If you stay at school you can leave at 17 and dont have to do a final exam (there's trial exams but school drop outs don't usually do them since they are trials for the final exam the next year) if you leave at this time you don't get your high school certificate
15€ is about 21$ here, which isn't too bad.
They are also used for when Irish UN troops enter an area for the first time such as Eritrea or Somalia.
Śmigus Dyngus
What's the second meaning
I've never heard or seen of anything like this happening in Australia, and 50% of Australians are first or second generation immigrants.
True actually, but Down Under is much more well knows throughout the rest of the world
California is the Beach Boys, therefore coastal, west coast
Australia shut down its refugee sea borders years back, around the time the refugee influx to Europe was around 50% (relative to population EU/AU) the size it eventually grew to be.
Amazing Australia Holidays with Thomas Cook India
I don't know if he's representative, but my Australian friend had no idea who Rolf Harris was.
We should have gotten a partner school somewhere like Australia or Singapore.
The airport security talked amongst themselves and then said if I paid them 800 euro I could go, obviously I refused and a stand off ensued with them going down to about 200 euro.
Switzerland has its mountains, Russia doesnt l. Geography alone means Russia couldn't even if it wanted to
*  In terms of the concept alone, the Geffrye Museum of the Home, showcasing interiors from various periods in history
Changing the dates would be more money.
Don't believe in guns, believe in the state assisting the poor and less fortunate, believe that the state sometimes needs to step in when the market fails
It does for Australian, NZ and most English accents
It even seems to be popular in Australia!
We don’t study American geography at all at school here in Australia
Around the country on a shoestring.
I hear Europe needs a new English speaking country...
If this is in Budapest, that's actually quite a good place.
To be fair it also says Nazism and not fascism, the two most evil brands of an already pretty evil pair of ideologies
Australia along with Canada&New Zealand are countries that people often say that they would like to see in EU
It's almost like America is conditioning it's people to think that it can do no wrong and you have to love America regardless of its decisions.
**NSW** the gift god gave to earth
My house backs onto a lake so we have ducks, plubbers (plovers/Masked lapwing) regularly nest in my yard
I experienced over 40C coming from Norway when I traveled through Karratha (Australia).
Chardonnay - Grapes and Wines from Australia
I think that's a good answer because it's been around a while but does encapsulate Ireland's trials and tribulations, and aspirations for nationhood and independence
It's something I've always wanted to see and it's disappearing so fast.
So it's essentially an Iron Curtain thing.
Discount flights to Sydney,Australia
I have travel authorization documents to the US and AUS with me German passport.
Not really, castle still implies fortifications (real or fake).
Check
Depends on the context
One of the reasons I gave up trying to learn Russian
We inquired as to a good place to hear Irish music and she recommended McDermott's.
No one wanted to talk to Trump voters because they didn't want to listen
Hi r/travel, I've been a lurker for the last few weeks and officially booked my first overseas trip this week.
Now you're getting into tech support territory.
In Australia I think 'french kissing' would be the most common term
Just look Australia's immigration policy and you got your answer why they wont even think about joining
Didn't travel around a lot, but really enjoyed the small town of Exmouth.
Kwart-goed, want enkel de regios en gemeenschappen hebben een minister president.
What are the most horrible atrocities your country committed in their history
Nowadays it's been used as a symbol of Fascism even though it's history has NOTHING to do with Facism
I visited family in the Australian outback a few year ago.
Because they're called the Falklands
Edit:
So I'd say very popular
We're just taught mostly about the battles and the holocaust
They're the ones who are wrong
Also is there much local government support for the language
This is just something I can chuck into my iPhone yes?
Australian you encounter, adding new embellishments at every stage, and noting how strong the beer was
Oranje man slecht
Until the shit actually hit the fan, you fall in a river, a pond, a pool from a boat etc.
Cons: It's not in europe
Same goes for Australian for that matter.
Our local grocery store used to carry it regularly like 10 years ago
my trip through France Italy England Dubai and Australia
Australia's most famous bushranger himself, Ned Kelly, also was aware of the cultural impact of it in colonial Australia, when while on the run in the late 1870s, and having briefly comandeered a pub, allegedly made one local lad play the famous folk song "Wild Colonial Boy" for him
They're not native to here
He made some money on the side by running pub crawls and getting a cut.
...which is a good thing considering we happen to have amongst the best somewhat sustainable (hello Australia) quality of life in the world ?
Isn't this to do with the Iberian peninsula's time zone offset from the solar day though
TBH I think travel is about broadening your horizons, and Australia is similar enough to the US that it's a bit of a cop out.
I've heard it called "Sunday blues"
Obviously want to see Australia and New Zealand.
Well, he delivered; Make Australia Second (the other Australian one was from an Aussie YouTuber)
I wave my private parts at your Aunties
Europeans on Extended Holiday and became Australians
If you're really into the great outdoors come to Australia, it's a beautiful country.
I know all that, my point wasn't that "they're all Irish and/or think they're the exact same as the Irish Irish," my point was the thinking is different to Irish Australians by comparison
Bloody hell you're a nasty cunt aren't you
There are large chunks of Africa (it's also true for other areas like Australia or India) that weren't practically under Europea control, however there are parts of Thailand and Japan that were under European control.
Mangos
A lot of drivers would glare at me for giving mixed messages but I just couldn't make out their number
And you guys have never borrowed words
Technically speaking a double dissolution in Australia is kinda when government collapse, but both houses getting dissolved is kinda meant to happen if government gets complete fucked
Google a little thing called "Australia".
But for that we need it would mean that Greece and Italy stop every ship that comes into their waters and send it back, and I can bet my firstborn on how reaction of EU would be.
" Cause it looks easy to get lost
I don't know too much about the place but it seems quite beautiful and sparsely populated from memory
LGBT rights are in a bad spot in Africa (with the exception of South Africa), Western and Southern Asia, Oceania (with the exception of Australia and New Zealand) and the Carribean.
I wonder where they would like to go.
It's beautiful but no way I'd live there.
What are you guys basing this statement on?
Australia is also a G20 member right?
I'm not completely clear on what you're actually going to do here.
Received pronunciation has a similar effect.
The UK will have the same amount of trade, maybe less because of less EU based trade, with Australia than before leaving the EU.
Happy yuri night
Fuck do you lot even pay attention in European history classes
In the UK and Europe, the Welsh are called the sheep shaggers
We found a cheap flight from Singapore that couldn't be ignored
Australia citizen with Spanish residence permit.
>I take it my oath that a number of men have gone to the Indies who did not deserve water in the sight of God and of all the world; and now they are returning thither, and leave is granted them
I still get back occasionally to visit and always make a point to spend a day around there.
those aren't parallels, that's the same line.
Even in the most embellished stories told by
All across the world people *hate* feeling like their country's borders aren't secure, regardless of how much immigration takes place or its effect on the nation.
So far, I'm really enjoying being in a totally different place in the world (originally from Montreal!)
What would be the approved, non-racist way of indicating that the gunman/terrorist in question is a jihadi one?
Much different than the ones near me [like this one for example](
A bit with some Chinese real-estate developers and mining companies, but it’s far better than in other countries
Seems strange for someone who is claustrophobic to book the furthest seat from the aisle...
Russia is a country that never really had a Democracy Western style, it went straight from a absolute, authoritarian government to the next.
The kicker is, they've been doing this since the 1930's at least
Sydney, Australia - I almost found Nemo
Legally Aboriginal People could vote in Australia from the first elections, and some did, but they were quite often illegally prevented from doing so.
Central Park Zoo is for movie nostalgia - certainly very small, have been to many better zoos.
Or I just got lucky and it was a non venomous snake such as a python!
Only on anzac day,  which if i remember correctly, is the day when Australians and kiwis landed in galipoli
I didn't get asked about any onward flights/plans in Thailand, Korea or Japan.
Would you say the song doesn't disrespect the queen?
Really guys, this is serious business.
During the Victorian gold rush a bunch of miner were pissed that they needed a license to mine so they built a fort, made their own flag and basically told the British government to fuck off
In Australia we're the same as the Americans, and say eggplant and zucchini
Although, not that fair a point since u/hexalby was making an hyperbole about Australia's wildlife, while your examples are about cultural habits.
Huh, my Mum is Czech, she calls her big toe a thumb sometimes but I've never heard that one before
Australia, Canada, or New Zealand.
Australia here and went to France for a few weeks
This is why when the EU originally put in place sanctions on Russia, it did this in conjunction with USA, Japan, Australia, Norway, New Zealand and Canada, i.e.
Winter makes me deeply miserable
I've been back to Zabljak twice now, honestly can't stay away!
In all seriousness, I don't think we would ever join the EU as we are so far away.
You chose which bed to lie in a few years ago when you had an independence referendum.
This isn't a breakup with your highschool girlfriend where you "win" by making her friends hate her
There is also the matter of the beaches
Oh yeah I like them too
So basically the same as Australia.
German jobs for students don't pay enough to live.
Hi all, I am an Australian citizen and I am currently studying in Spain.
Australia threatens Denmark with diplomatic consequences, if they reveal their refugee policy.
The government's did do so willingly however it is quite debatable if they could have refused or not.
"She'll be right
I understood the first 5 words then it degenerated into alphabet soup
Wish my dog wouldn't kill them
There is an award system with cords instead of badges, red cord, blue cord and green cord, patrol leaders where a white cord as well
Hope this helps a bit
Alas, to smaller
I've been to the US, and it definitely felt foreign (but somewhat familiar) to me
Thats where iMessage comes in handy here I guess, you're not paying for the text messages you send.
As long as it stays in its current form.
It's more that the colonies were already well established before the various rules of football/rugby were starting to be introduced.
Even though this isn't correct, in my mind there's Western Europe, Eastern Europe and Russia
Interesting reading that stuff, good luck with the economic development.
Δεν έχω κρασί στο ξενοδόχοι.
I'm originally from Australia, where beer is just beer flavoured, so it's a nice change.
Cool, learnt about this in kingdom come: deliverance
Was the temperature for me today, lovely day to work outside
Australian suburbs are copy-cats of American suburbs, endless sea of houses built in the last 20-30 years max with a local shopping centre and school and no way to get around without a car.
I've seen reports that in the north, as areas that had permafrost or always covered in ice begin to warm, there are interesting finds
Greece has been in the empire longer than the Roman Empire existed (Remember Byzantium existed for longer than the Romans became a nation)
I'm sure they'd be for all kinds of diversity but wouldn't overly mind if white people, especially white men were not included in whatever particular group.
Hah :P
ISIS are absolutely without souls, I have no idea how they justify these murders.
He did such things as kayaking, animal watching and sightseeing on smaller boats.
Canada, Australia and New Zealand are rich, prosperous and democratic nations but that still came at the expense of their native population.
* Large amounts of wind turbines could be located along the dam wall, generating energy
We have way too many here
A massive city sitting on an island in the middle of the ocean
So he might not be technically correct, but hes not wrong either.
See Also: "Deserts: How to die in them", "The Stick: Second most useful thing ever" and "Poisonous and Venomous arachnids, insects, animals, trees, shrubs, fish and sheep of Australia, volumes 1-42"
You'd still have to lie on the Visa Waiver application, and on the form you fill in on arrival.
Being retaken by China means they lose their freedom of democracy and that's the reason for their protesting, not because they want to be owned by the British rather than the Chinese
Meanwhile in the us
I also find it so odd that such a huge, and old, country doesn't have accents/dialects
All Europe has to do is keep European talent in.
And for Australians
Really, about 2 millions stormed European borders 2015?
It gets me every time
discovered the primary use of electricity, which is air-conditioning and refrigerators
In the city of Brisbane, it's supposedly illegal to wear pink pants after 12pm
But I get what you're saying
geography focuses more on geographical features in general, but countries still come up.
" The irritating thing about this is they may be right
I don't really use 4G back in Australia anyway so I can't imagine I will when I'm in Europe?
I saved up for 9 months then traveled asia for 8 months without working.
I used flatmates.com.au to find a great roommate, and things worked pretty well.
/r/europe is in denial for the most part, but I'll keep on voicing it here, because it's the truth.
>I've learned that English speaking people never ever respond with just one word
As an Australian I had never owned any until I moved to the USA and the Canada.
So drop bears existed in Romania, not Australia.
Just "on the other hand" but as someone with a Spanish vocabulary of about a dozen words, although we don't have the phrase "other side" in English, I did understand exactly what it meant
In this case it's diffuse because while Vladivostok is mainly of European culture and heritage, so is the USA or Canada, or Australia, or Argentina.
But they celebrate "Saint-Nicolas", some days before the actual Christmas.
I do wonder if over time, Dutch and German will start to more resemble English in this regard though
Great cream cakes ;)
I thought we outscored you in the second election (the run-off?), with 70+% scores.
There are many reasons why people didn't like Clinton.
Just because it CAN kill you, doesn't necessarily mean it WANTS to kill you
I've never heard of those brands
It's a Dumb & Dumber quote, where he confuses Austria with Australia.
This is relevant to me because I hold some investments in Australian-listed ETFs (a couple of Vanguard index trackers, among others), which I suspect are almost certainly Steuerhässlich, so I will need to deal with this.
Fighter planes dog fighting is entirely believable
Welsh words are very handy in scrabble, I think cwm is one that's allowed
It's just bs old cabling
If I ever for some reason have to run and charge through a door or group of people, etc
I've been to the Philippines twice, spent two months there in total and I do understand what you're saying but imo it really depends on what areas you go to.
Do not underestimate the public resentment this could create against EU from neighbouring countries that we also long term should have deep co-operation with about migrant flows.
It's actually reddiquette (linked in the panel on the right) that says the downvote button isn't a dislike button.
Also America and the UK apparently these days
This is clearly very subjective, and you can use any parameters that are important to you, like cultural differences, military alliances, how often you interact with people from that country, etc.
I pay around $70 for anything around 40 mbit
You get that you're Australian, right?
The british didn't negotiate with the aboriginals.
why isn't Australia a member of the EU?
When we declined, he asked if we wanted some Cocaine or anything else
In Australia it's the least fancy way we know to make a thousand island dressing
New Zealand
The best pictures and tips for a roadtrip in Western Australia
48 per cent said they felt especially favourable towards Australia, 47 per cent towards New Zealand and 44 per cent towards Canada.
Yup, this is standard Australian policy now.
That's why all the other economies that are weaker than ours (Australia, Canada, South Korea) are so poor.
Monsters can’t compete with Russians
Cunt(insult)
Poland's political environment and views are, interesting, to say the least
It is interesting to note here that the Europeans always consider themselves vastly superior to any other race they encounter, since they can lie,
The dominion governments weren't forced to send troops (and Germany would probably have ignored them if they had stayed out of the war), but there was popular support for it and both Australia and South Africa had the opportunity to grab German colonies.
I would suggest if you're going over in Summer to buy something appropriate when you are there, especially if you're spending a bit of time in Zurich beforehand.
Just because he was an experienced swimmer, doesn't mean it's IMPOSSIBLE for him to have drowned, so I think that's what happened
I mean, it would be a reason to recieve less immigration, not a different proportion.
2017 will prove to be the year of a new world.
An Australian allergic to prawns here
Very quickly English became my best subject
Most people I know financed their gap years themselves, either by working beforehand and saving or by doing paid work during the year.
This is the thing I don't understand, what's the point if you still have to make a stop to join the 2 major cities.
what about improving the system?
The next 100 years is the second hardest so that's covered pretty lightly too
I dont know why computer alphbets have a.
Don't necessarily narrow your options to Europe, think about Australia too although I suspect they are more interested in oriental linguists at the moment.
Edit: I've had a bunch of comments all giving me different information on who invented Wifi
For pålegg we have spread/topping/filling
Canada is geographically closer to the EU, especially considering Greenland and Iceland would form a "bridge" to the EU.
They were pretty similar to Canada's Liberal party.
How the fuck is Austria the only country besides the UK with 0% not heard of
In Finland I think it would also be the long periods of darkness and daylight that mess with the head
We all blended into society and assimilated into the culture well to a point where racial violence is extremely low.
Are you even French
For best results in a limited weekend, buy some fresh shellfish from the market and eat them raw
He has no idea of the feeling of crisp frozen grass under his feet as you walk your dog, or the burn on your cheeks after being out and about on a windy day, or the joy of watching snow flakes silently spiral down from the sky.
Whether it's worth it is still up in the air.
Australia runs a concentration camp on that isle, so no.
I've always resented this so much
They're common in houses aswell though
In my case no because I was too young to vote a that point but let's say yes, I would have still needed a residential address in Australia.
I think this is majorly because the US government to me represents probably one of the worst ways to run a first world country as powerful and full of potential as the US is
I've heard it's great as well, mostly from my Croatian friends in Australia.
VB (Victoria Bitters) beer, never had it before personally
How come that New Zealand which had GDP per capita PPP nearly on pair with Australian in 2003 and now is just 60% of the one in Australia is number 1 in Economic Quality?
Everything an immigrant parent should know when enrolling a child in an Australian school
Qual é o nome da posição sobre o ponto 5
An agreement with Canada, New Zealand and Australia?
Many want to stop interfering with the rest of the world, one of the reasons why he was elected.
Money was a complicated business.
I'll be honest, it seems like in every single thread like this there's some Irish guy who doesn't like what he sees and tells you "this is what it should be".
LMFAO, crying in Australian
I think it's less about who the land mass where Hong Kong lies belongs to and more about the fact that the people of Hong Kong are happy as they are, being able to vote in their leaders and have a say in their politics
Except that we also put a travel ban on them and take their passports so they can't go kill innocents in the middle east.
People buy based on price more than any other factor (over the greater population).
as part of my uni course i will have to travel to Spain for a semester, so now ill be able to seem knowledgeable there!
Coming from a country with a binge drinking culture, yeah, we bring our own to parties unless  specified not to
Australian answer: Literally every city other than Sydney, Melbourne, Canberra
It should be pointed out , that the TV team is known in Australia for racist bullshit, and baiting on people off camera.
Sure, how about we allow all Americans to come in without restrictions?
The only real isolation they have is of political nature.
I only have an Australian passport and Australian nationality, unlike my parents
Rather an empty train of thought you have there.
Once you know the rules, it's pretty easy to guess how something is written and/or pronounced
Iceland is just cheating in this thread
Met some more friends last year in Australia.
I have a feeling the Turks in Germany, Holland, Australia are much more pro-Erdogan and right-wing compared to the Turks in Turkey, especially in Istanbul and the west coast.
/r/Australia rolls out plans to annex /r/Austria creating the anschluss you've all actually been waiting for
They need some koalas
More recently however, due to the pandemic, our government has been pissed at China and they have threatened a trade war with us
Was Germany’s claim on Alsace-Lorraine removed after WW2, or does Germany still claim its former lands like Eastern Pomerania and Silesia
Not always but the majority of the time, yes - e.g.
After that he moved to London, got a job driving the red London buses, married an Irishwoman, and had my dad in '65
Just describing how it was taught to me
Not European but the song "Treaty" by Youthu Yindi is mostly in English but incorporates Aboriginal (Native Australian peoples) languages and instruments
Frankly speaking, it's possible for the EU to help those poor people out of the wars , poverty or something else negative.
What’s “Bielefeld “?
Australian here
Start a cult
We have 'allrounder'
Haha, as expected
The world's first non-stop flights between Australia and Europe are coming
The idea of a nation encompassing all german-speaking peoples in Europe, uniting them under one banner
Any tips for getting the most out of seeing the sites like this?
Really, *really* beautiful shots.
Source: My mother, who was in his tour group for the trip
It's unskilled that has a really hard time.
I thought it was Spanish, I've now learned it's not
Donald Trump wins: Russian parliament bursts into applause upon hearing result
The danish entry is, in my mind, just to appease to Australians to get extra point.
People of Britain and France how does the older generation see the former British and French empires compared to how the younger generation sees it
There policy isn't stop immigration.
in a mega-hurricane
It's more popular here than in the US
In one job interview, she was asked if she would like to speak in English, because she struggled with "professional" German vocabulary
Places in Asia also have a tendency to learn English as a second language because of Those three countries.
LMAO Australia would never in a million years join the EU.
The editing was so unnecessary.
In our neighboring region its a vast majority if we used European scaling.
Yeah, it makes sense to drop Perth from the schedule.
He will restore the respect the position has always held
It brings a tear to my eye
Be sure to tell the story of these events to every other
Best Of The Secret Trails Of Australia
Lots of partying and herding between cities with fixed schedules.
Nous le jurons tous, tu vivras !
I would maybe suggest getting a 3 SIM card for your phone.
Telstra, NBN Co
One of our prime ministers went missing at sea and straight up dissapeared
Perth made it onto the itinerary because of Rottnest Island (the quokkas got to me), Pink Lake, and the Pinnacles, but yeah, you're right about taking it out.
Lol, what did they think was going to happen
This is extremely rude and not worth of a country leader.
But I'm about as Irish as a potato wrapped in the union jack, whatever that means
Never tried it, never seen it ordered but it is on many a pizza menu...
Nah, France would want its former glory returned
They like sovereignty, just as long as parliament never uses it.
Just smelled like a dam or river city too me
And Ljubljana is their capital city.
I'm denying Germany has both so....
Australia has these things called Opal Cards
Are there sims I can use accross both USA and Canada?
If your work doesn’t have A/C just go home
All this 'losing opportunities' bollocks is getting annoying, just like the 1m+ brits in Australia if you really want to move to another country you can apply
Pronunciation eh
Well, maybe Chechnya wouldn't be in such a chaos if there wasn't any russian occupation and no Kadyrow?
The kids I worked with were just like any other, great kids, and it's awful that they have to live like they do
They also picked up the most finely tuned sense of irony in the world, and the Aboriginal gift for making up stories
By the time he was fit again the war had ended, so he spent the next few years with the British army
Sweden is wrong
Your options are to use you home bank.
My motherland (UK):
While we have not only the subsidies they get from us and direct economic transactions, which give us ALOT leverage.
Not really when you consider the size of Monaco.
Still looks good to the 58% tax (tax and university loan repayments) i have to pay in Australia!
Why is Australia in Eurovision?
No, Trump, you do not have the Political Capital to be treating Australia like shit, so don't do it, or you're out.
and some are backing of the deals and forcing Australia to take care of them somewhere else
Well slap me side ways Buddy and fair dinkum.
The only problem is the refugee deal.
Although we may also ask to see security guards ID to confirm we are dealing with legit security guards.
We have loads of fish and chip shops in Australia, probably more common here than the UK
Then the Schie river was split into four - Delftse Schie, Delfshavense Schie, Rotterdamse Schie and Schiedamse Schie; Schiedam was formed on the Schie just like Amsterdam on the Amstel
well it already happened...Australia participated in eurovision
Afterwards I did a TEFL course online and worked as an English Teacher in Tallinn, Estonia.
It's never really going to be ever worth it unless you will only ever consider traveling by train, no matter the cost and convenience other transport options will give you - in that case, if you really insist you can only ever stomach taking trains and will end up booking each ticket separately without Eurail, then Eurail will be worth it.
What you're proposing would have far reaching consequences for decades to come
Wait
But what's his weight in pounds
Deport their asses to a remote refugee camp like Australia does and let's live together in peace again.
The rebels aren't going to cut off their supply of weapons without amnesty and political devolution.
If it comes to blows, do they really think they'd have a chance?
This is your first encounter with the police, the first of many
Awesome, thanks for your reply!
Some may seem like it is another language at first, but then you realize it's English with an accent a second later.
Yeah, 'fuck all' or 'jack shit' rather than 'shit all'.
I'm an Australian visiting Italy soon, anything I should be worried about
I guess thats the same thing with English town names that end with town and ville (Campbelltown, Skyville, etc) and in Russia some places end with grad (Leningrad, Stalingrad, etc)
Except we're not confused
This would not sit well with many Australians
The European Union is 4,324,782 km2
Russia detains economy minister over alleged $2M bribe for oil deal
It’s not very big (especially considering American desert cities like Phoenix or Las Vegas)
Why don't they just use the subways built by the ancient Romans
Was the steering wheel also on the wrong side
Wait until Australia wins, and Russia loses.
It's like having a snowboard in the Aussie outback
Not European but the song "Treaty" by Youthu Yindi is mostly in English but incorporates Aboriginal (Native Australian peoples) languages and instruments
I'll save it for the next time I'm going to Australia (in the distant future).
Shitty camera 90% of hte time means Australia, American flyover or South Africa.
There are white Americans included sure, but there are far less than black ones.
But that does not matter, since European doesn't mean anything in this context.
English natives don't care because we all have accents
>wasn't allowed to invade
I feel like you're actually an Australian...
Probably was Duisburg, near Essen and Dortmond
For a ship from Australia to Europe that might be a good thing.
I thought it was worth it even though the diving trip consisted of 20% of my entire Australia budget.
Take a little look to the map over there to your right ------->.
What are the most common cat and dog names in your country?
It's an anomaly in history that's never quite explained properly
I always thought that was so weird and it just hit me what company it was, I thought it was just some typical business but it was their R&D
How does an uncomfortable path dissuade people from stealing the stones
Hello, I'm a dual Australian-Italian citizen and I would like to join the smoking weed Airsoft party
Some aspects we’re similar to the yanks, and in other aspects the USA might as well be another planet with the weirdo bullshit
I got confused the very first time I had to write it and then always second guess myself since then
As an a Australian, there’s nothing more entertaining than watching a European heatwave
E.g the Reason Australia, USA etc get a lot of immigrants is because they have a lot of Jobs and a lot of them are well paid.
[The weather in Australia right now]
He comes across as a decent and honest man
Some poorer renting very cheap in the cheapest district cause their combined income was a measly 200k forint, some with a better salary but who couldn't make the step to buying yet as prices in Budapest have gone up quite a bit and just like in many Western countries, it's not for everyone anymore.
With a bit better multilingual support and maybe poster flags
Let’s put the columns where they’ll be safest and not at risk of being destroyed in a war
And never heard of that second word
Fuck interrail/eurail passes, only in very specific circumstances will it maybe save you money.
>a lot of people that want Scottish independence
I've been fined $150 for sleeping through an election
And me
[Please check this out] Hopefully you'll understand how ridiculous your statement is.
I don't know man, we did have Australia in the Eurovision.
Hey dad
That's probably why there are so many different dialects
Lots of wonderful small brands like [Visser Chocolade] Belgian brands like Leonidas and Australian are also good, though not as good as the small ones.
I know plenty about Australia, more than you or OP based on his comments.
I shake my head when extremists in the US and elsewhere say we shouldn’t trade with China and that we should only support Taiwan
Lived in Genova for a year,  Liguria is absolutely one of the most beautiful parts of the world and Genova was a really nice city
This is exactly how the discussion will go in Australia as well, if charles becomes king we most likely will become a republic in a year or two, if it's william, we don't for several decades.
I'm pretty sure in some dialects that would be considered correct
The USA Australia is the only real alliance we have, we aren't in any NATO type organisation.
Nothing at all with New Zealand, or Australia?
Bobadilla reported to Spain that Columbus regularly used torture and mutilation to govern Hispaniola
At least the UK, Canada, Australia, NZ, and either Malta or Ireland make sense.
Your chances of dying are surprisingly lower than one would immediately think
Delicious
Yeah, that's very normal here
What gives you that impression
With my perfectly broken German and bony arms, I will make love to Australian frauleins like their uncles never did.
I love those songs as well
Any recommendations for Scandinavia?
it's not impossible but it's not easy.
It's like Canadians refusing to call their continent North America because the USA used the name America
So you thought Prussia was Pre-Russia
Not everyone neighbors and fears Russia and values an alternative alliance.
From 0 (don't do it, it's a trap) to 10 (we're trying for number 5)
Take any big Australian cities on Google earth.
The left in Belgium also protests and strikes when the center-right wins.
I only came for Lady Godiva and you let me down
For example 'Eating cheese is universal in France', which would mean that practically everyone does it in France across all ages, regions, cultures etc
Two killed in Switzerland cafe shooting
This is fake news
*  Males: 18+ 12
The EU and Europe in general have the money and the logistics to create the f****g Rolls Royces of all "refugee camps".
Hey team, Im coming to Europe from Australia in June for three months of crazy travel and am on a tight budget.
Australia has a strong interest in holding good relations with whoever has the dominant navy in the world.
"Nudelsalat mit Krebsfleisch"
I always lock as I live in a big city
This is not racist, but rational.
you got it
There are plenty who admire him
I do wonder how much longer that will last though due to modern media and communications
Thanks for the response mate
People always give him shit over initially thinking he was in India (btw when he says India he means the indies, so he thought was in Indonesia or somewhere near it), it was a perfectly reasonable conclusion to make given the circumstances and he did eventually realize he was in a new land (though he thought it southeast-ish of Asia)
He's regarded quite well for his actions within Belgium
I can distinguish between general English, American, Scottish, Irish, and Australian accents.
Cheap Airline Tickets To Australia
I always thought that was so weird and it just hit me what company it was, I thought it was just some typical business but it was their R&D
*"He is right!"* says Australian frog.
Everybody trades with China, including US allies.
I believe it's fallen out of use in the US, but we still use it
British pizzas can have chips on them.
Reminds me of my Chilean classmate in our German language course
This sentiment propelled the UK to be the first country to leave the EU but this same thing can happen in any other member state, and is maybe even *more* likely in some of them than it ever was in the UK.
And Australia does a Stephen Bradbury once again
Also is there much local government support for the language
I could see how he could have been tricked into thinking that
As part of the trip myself and two others hired a driver for 7 days and completed a loop of the Gobi Desert.
Ned Kelly
OUR EUROPEAN UNION MEMBERSHIP
You can't really do anything with the time off and there's no point going anywhere, you just end up not getting paid to hang around for a while
But it was absolutely lovely, and I've been back to visit more often
'Okay' makes it seem like an actual word, and less like an abbreviation (which it actually is)
Italy
All those people fleeing [Australia-Hungary] in 1912 to get away from the dangerous animals.
Don't forget I Vow To Thee My Country :)
Being a researcher in the EU, I think you guys are exaggerating, really.
It's strange the Australian outback felt like America , but with British people.
Vladimir Putin thinks Russian prostitutes are “undoubtedly the best in the world”
Well, death by firearm is pretty much a binary definition.
The Greeks are probably the best diaspora in Australia, even with their concrete gardens
Also many of the students abroad will have been travelling not studying in the US, holidays exist
Germans are often asking questions like this, or
It would have been Stalingrad on steriods and with way more Soviet troops and fewer Germans who were already out of supply, and exhausted.
I remember when I moved to Norway and started saying G’day to people on the bus and at the gym
Australia could stop all emissions tomorrow and it will die.
Actually I was watching tv
Well they're a different country.
Same as Tintin
I think Australia's independence is cosmetic at best
That's what I thought too
They settled in, and spent a lot of the intervening time making up strange stories
My memory's gotten a bit rusty of Malaysia TBH, but there was also a casino/theme park a bit outside of KL (maybe 1-2 hour drive) that is really popular with rich Chinese tourists and has awesome food and an arcade, cable car through the rainforested mountain, and some other cool stuff.
No we were taught they were part of Europe it’s just the islands around us were considered part of the continent of Australia if that makes sense
You're forgetting Sealand
I am simply outlining my reasons for not wanting to move there - or more, my reasons for wanting to stay in Europe as I have no strong feelings towards Australia one way or the other.
I like Filly for a nickname but there isn’t many good ones lol
A couple years later, you end up in juvenile prison, it's an awful place, you are treated horribly
Look a Kashmir north of India that's also blue despite being disputed.
Ah yes hole 6, quite long for a par 3
it's part of yiayia's genetic memory and she thinks everyone else is nuts for not knowing about it
*Aserejé ja de jé de jebe tu de jebere seibiunouva
I suspect visa relaxation at the same time as US,.
I'm Australian and I grew up on Asterix, I fucking loved these books
Canada and Australia are probably awaiting the inevitable in glee right now...
Eurovision-participant Australia is extremely close culturally, but I wouldn't call them European
But daily death rates are falling massively in the us so that’s a positive
Very quickly English became my best subject
Ah, but you have to remember the eternal words of Benjamin Franklin:
I'd love to know what goes through peoples minds with questions like this.
Well if polish people made a Christmas tree out of horse you wouldn't call that a Slavic-Mongolian-black sea Christmas tree
This is all based on a starting age of 5 turning 6 that year (we start our school year at the start of the actual year) which is most typical but it's not uncommon to start a year earlier (or even two years earlier for some smarties) as there's no real rule about it, just when your kid is developed enough for school
I had them all the way over in Australia, my Dad did too!
I don't think building a capital for the EU in Australia or Brazil would be such a good idea ;-)
*Heatwave*
tfw no landscape of our flag because of the union jack
I just did the circuit last month so it was amazing to recognise all the places you photographed!
Us English are patriotic as well.
And what's the average in your country
English borrowed the word from Spanish, but changed the sound and spelling of the word
What type of phone is popular in your country?
The majority of Australians view voting as a civil responsibility, even if there are those who don't take it seriously
China wouldn't be able to compete with an increasingly close alliance of the UK, USA, Canada, Australia and New Zealand.
A lot can change in almost 70 years.
The famine was located in one region, Bengal, almost entirely muslim.
Assuming I didn't die of childhood pneumonia (which was pretty bad tbh) I certainly would have bled to death in childbirth at 20
Really hot, it reached 37c today in Victoria
Every Australian knows at least part of it, it's basically our unofficial anthem
People just adapt to different temperatures
Woo hay
The far majority of us have nothing against Turkish people.
Not necessarily backstabbing (that's way too harsh and sounds like something a fascist would say) but simply poor integration.
When visas are up or money is gone
Can I ask how long that took you and how you fitted that around work/study/family?
Meanwhile, what the country is burning to the ground, our PM pisses off on a family holiday to Hawaii
You can use any map you like, this one isn't bad as an overview map.
Is there no patriotism in the UK anymore or is the BBC politically aligned in a manner that opposed the guy who asked?
Or the united Germans on Brandenburg gate
Welcome to Australia
While I'm looking at a cheap holiday, a few nights in a hotel with showers will be included here and there.
Consider that future governors were the ones responsible for the elimination of the natives
There are free public toilets
I used to be a very passionate Runescape player.
After I knock out Australia and NZ this year, Antartica is my next trip.
This is a bit over-zealous of you guys,  our species has barely attained space travel
You may not know, but how does DB compare to the TGV/SNCF
Several companies here in Australia are working on chemical heat storage systems for solar thermal.
Remember when they tried going through Belgium or Poland
It makes sense outside of that minor geographical bit...
I'll admit my first thought was South African, but according to his channel details he's based in Australia.
Europhile here who believes wir konnen das nicht schaffen.
Probably Canada, maybe New Zealand, though NZ is incredibly far from anything.
I'm sure plenty of countries that you would describe as being 'uncooperative' would be on-board with implementing an Australian solution.
I was living in Denmark around 2 years ago (from Australia) and was shocked at how cheap cigarettes could be compared to Australia where 1 packet is around AUD$35 or about 160DKK
Breaking apart the united kingdom merely lowers the amount of magic at her disposal
That's part of Australia's immigration policy though.
Okidoki (okeydoke/y) is seen as a different word, and is a bit old fashioned
If there are elements we don't like about continental culture and that Anglophone culture 'does better', then of course we should be open to influence but not as a replacement.
That means some ancient evil has risen,  only to be stopped at the last minute by a hero
What else would you wash chicken with, thoughts and prayers
They're saying they'll rip up the agreement (out of spite).
I've noticed it in words like "bon" and "petite" and thought they might know why
/r/ActuallyItWasDoneOnPurpose
Thanks yeah I was thinking Budapest or Prague because they're the most eastern cities of the route.
Thankfully winter is being quite cool atm
Vast, flat, barren and completely empty desert, sudden abrupt cliffs, followed by 1000s of kms of cold deep ocean with nothing of significance all the way to Antarctica.
Alternative title: Where can terrorists get their phones these days?
but it is still a very new and exciting place with tons to do.
I wonder what this means for Holden in Australia, considering the Commodores manufactured here were going to be imported Opels from next year.
And if you split Asia Pacific into Asia and Pacific, I'm almost certain that the Pacific would come on top of Europe for renewables, some parts of Australia have had days of completely renewable energy
How mant generations did it take though.
Take this advice with significance.
Keep fighting, you are a true hero of the resistance.
Can't hear you over the sound of my jamón ibérico.
We got our independence in 1901
Release them and get the whole world on your side
Culture is the amalgam of mainly unspoken rules that define the values, morals, traditions, ambitions of a society and its people.
Sure, the days are long but unless you want to layer up, it’s still not much fun outside unless there’s a real heat wave because the nights are almost always cold
I think one would still need to wait out the 90/180 day reset period in a non-Schengen country before returning, too.
I think about that a lot actually
We remember the loss every year with a dawn services across the country.
When reaching out to Dutch immigrants in Australia or Canada, who whent there right after WWII, they'll talk about Holland and about speaking *Hollands*.
That is my new favourite "have some cookies" popup
Most British people would have a regional accent growing up
Now, when it comes to Slavic languages, we have very different mannerisms.
Never realised how toxis green parties can be.
Waiting for their heroes to fail miserably because they're all morons seems to be the only way.
I'm a native English speaker, with German as a second language
Slovenia seems to be going through something too
Vienna rocks, it has ridiculously good public transport for the population that lives there
I didn't say I disagreed with you on that.
There was a Dutch woman (who of course spoke perfect english, and i believe french as well) in my beginners class for German language
For example, Paris smells like urine
Can you link a recent poll please?
Might have done something to his mind.
Australia has a city called Perth, and I believe New Zealand as well as Australia have cities called Newcastle
Does anyone uses the name "Vauxhall" except the British and Australians?
I think the wartime experiences, and perhaps especially the failure of Britain to properly defend Australia and New Zealand in WW2 from Japanese aggression was what really put the distance between us.
I mean, we'd all prefer them to still be there wouldn't we?
Also near by is Annecy which is a really nice and picturesque small town (google image it!).
My grandma makes these, they are the best
So in this way there is not really a high degree of certainty that it would be able to flat out down 10 f-16's.
Overpopulation, poverty, famine etc.
Marseille is the second largest city in France.
Have you tried emu
I wish I could get 10Gb for 35 bucks
> "Those who would give up essential Liberty, to purchase a little temporary Safety, deserve neither Liberty nor Safety
Australian-style immigration system with quotas, which put closer to European societies above the others.
Based on what I know, places like USA/Canada/Australia/NZ/Europe are great for self-drive holidays (solo backpacking), but South-east Asia is better explored by public transport (which includes hired drivers, tut-tuts, and the like).
(Heaps of Portuguese exchange students though if that helps lol)
Yep, the EU and specifically Angela Merkel are to blame here.
Australians actually have an easier process to migrate to Germany then Britain.
I pay around $70 for anything around 40 mbit
Are the TGV usually on time, or are they as bad as DB
They all have to overtake at the same time
You store money on them and then you can just tap them a scanner when getting on and off a bus or train
Remember: they are fighting for the right to go to Germany, not for any political ideals.
It's a common joke in Europe that Americans pretend to be Canadians when they're in Europe.
Traveling to America with a criminal record from Australia?
I don’t know much about him, and here reading this and looking at his t-shirt, he gave me a great advice
Norway and Australia are actually one of the few exception of countries that have a lot of resources and aren't shit.
I'm more than happy to answer any questions you might have, I feel as though I've lurked reddit for so long and gained so much valuable information, and very much enjoyed peoples travel stories.
before leaving i think would be overly cautious.
Scots definitely, I know barely anyone speaks it but it’s very similar to English
Australians will arrive anywhere in thongs (flip flops)
It's yellow because it is close to the galley.
Don't know really
We have those too
Loved Sydney, felt like home, but newer.
Yellow Tail Sangria NV South Eastern Australia
The inversion causes a lack of ventilation
However if an English-speaker has learnt even just basic German or Dutch, it will become much clearer to them
The vowels are slightly different
The european labor market will be full of venomous snakes, drop bears and tax-dodging crocodiles.
I've been there twice - once for a year on a working holiday visa, once for 4 months as a tourist.
In that case it actually was the journalist who caught trouble for the incident for cropping the conversation down
I'm not sure you could argue that we are definitely better than say, Switzerland, Norway, Canada, Australia, the US, Japan...
[Advice] Australia & NZ Itinerary
The 14c days were rare however
2) From what I know, the Aboriginal nation of the Kosciusko area didn't even have their own name for it, probably because despite it being the highest point in the country, it doesn't really stand out, it looks more like a big hill
Dutch and German have weird sentence structures (for English-speakers)
Hema has these relatively cheap
Why am I obligated to pay 20% of the meal cost to the server
That's atleast what they told us.
I'm a native English speaker, with German as a second language
Thanks
I think I did answer it pretty well, my main issue is with the US government, not the people at all
But could have just as easily burnt Wales
if you're doing concrete work get some of the ash as it would make good concrete (in theory)
We can get a sausage on a piece of bread while we're there, so it all works out okay
that is telling May the special relationship is gone it would seem.
imo its like norway but cheaper
Technically speaking a double dissolution in Australia is kinda when government collapse, but both houses getting dissolved is kinda meant to happen if government gets complete fucked
>The biggest thing is that the firefighters need special training and equipment
That was crazy
I speak a bit of Greek and it’s rare I’ll have a full conversation in it, but if anything it’s the reverse - a certain shift in my mood or personality will bring out some Greek phrases, especially when I’m being sarcastic or telling off a friend
Vienna rocks, it has ridiculously good public transport for the population that lives there
Australia and new Zealand are fine
As far as i know, Australia, New Zealand and South Africa gave up imperial and switched to metric as well as Canada done the same.
The Whitsunday Islands of Australia - a jumping off point to visit the Great Barrier Reef and White Sands beach (I did this via float plane that landed at both).
As they say in Australia they are like a water mellon green on the outside and red on the inside
If I remember correctly £20 prepaid gives you unlimited data (or 12gb??) and also allows you free data roaming in the EU so you can use it when you're in Paris or any other spontaneous trips.
Now I have a wife a child I try do things its only possible to do in that city/country.
Queenslander or Darwinian
Well the first layover I arrive at 9pm, leaving next day at 11am so not much point leaving the airport.
Dont forget Italia, Spania, Francia
The little towns I visited felt like I was in the wild west of America, all people in cowboy hats and riding on horses, but the people were definitely more British then Americans are.
Wife is scottish
Actually we suck at history, I've learned more from podcasts than I learned in school
This literally helped me when I was lagging behind in school as a small child; I was allowed to stay awake past my bed time, provided I was reading in bed
I can distinguish between American, British and Australian, but that's about it.
Why do the christian democrats have a seat when the greens are larger than them then
I can't speak German, but I would know hundreds of common German words just from picking them up over the years
Making it easier to get work visas, and making free trade agreements would be a much better option
It's probably more likely an inflatable toy or something
Don't forget the "fully Independent" constitutional monarchies like Australia, New Zealand and Canada that are still under the British crown
My German friend doesn't seem to like him.
What gives you that impression
I suppose I should savour the purple while it lasts
True, although more than half of Australia's foreign born population were born in the UK or New Zealand.
Trust me, most native speakers do the same thing
I've heard that's true
Assassin bush rangers would be the coolest fucking thing, Ned Kelly would certainly be a character
Brussels on the other hand may not accept him/her.
meanwhile in Australia they should wear dirndls and start yodeling at their airports.
It seems to be the UK (and by extension, all other English-spesking countries), Ireland and Italy that celebrate it on the 25th
Major engineering feats have been performed with sheets of corrugated iron, string, and mud
We have some problems in Lakemba and Bankstown with violence and Islamisation but it certainly isn't as bad as the right wing think it is.
Sounds like you know nothing about Australia.
The only reason Australia didn't implement data retention in 2016 is because we did it last year :(
I have almost certainly missed some, I might edit this later to include more
I'd like to, but as with most Finnish words, I'm too scared to try and pronounce it
You're fucked in English and Germany
Waltzing Matilda
I'm really only interested in data and am going to major cities so that seems like the best deal.
Yeah if I didn't have a deep disdain for Australia I'd agree lol
It's that normal to just have it on
That's unreal, do people discuss this interest in Germany or do they just silently buy it?
Eh kinda,  but not quite
It might be bigger than some countries but it's also isolated
It is recognisable from orbit because of
Talk with Australia is still in negotiation stages though I agree the UK would be stronger with Europe than the (White) Commonwealth.
New Zealand, maybe America but they are more like cousins or the neighbours kid
Don’t you guys have fly screens
I recommend bringing a tank, just to be sure.
I love the United States and I highly respect our allies(mostly just NATO, South Korea, Japan, Thailand, Australia, and New Zealand since some of our allies, like Saudi Arabia, are really......"conservative" thinking(nicest way that I can put it without sounding too offensive)).
I knew the Dutch liked to get high
The long pants and hoodie is just someone experienced, knowing fully well that the 25 can change to 15 in a matter of minutes
I like to ask Germans to say "clotheshorse"
The Soviet mentality still exists
Exactly
Hope you visited Miyajima as well!
It was as much of a shock as seeing that so-called bread isle that didn't have anything but rectangular sliced white untoasted toast bread.
BYOD stands for bring your own drinks, it's actually great because then you can bring what you like to drink to the party
I was under the assumption to be considered a continent, everything had to be part of one continuous, large land mass
I think a lot of Brits wouldn't have a clue about what you were referring to if mentioning 'Las Malvinas'.
Maybe I'll try it out next time as I'd have to agree some of the buses can be way longer than they have to be, and the comfort would be nice, thanks
A surprise, to be sure, but a welcome one
Technically even Australia is in the Eastern part of the world but as you said you consider it to be part of the Western world.
Trains might end up being easier though!
America first, Austria second, not Australia!
- Machiavelli
It's one of those cities I could definitely imagine living in
Snakes give birth in trees here so the babies tend to drop out of trees like leaves
The USSR never achieved socialism, as the state never handed power back to the workers
We mean it
As a result of all this hardship, dirt, thirst, and wombats, you would expect Australians to be a dour lot
I believe it's Friday and Saturday nights and Sunday afternoon.
^also ^thanks ^for ^calling ^us ^shitty
We also use it at the beginning of sentences, like "Okay, so this
Doesn't it have the most pubs per capita in Scotland as well
In hindsight, the US should have exported the F-22 exclusively to NATO allies and close allies like Japan and Australia.
You're forgetting Sealand
Genealogy isn't much more than a curiosity for most Australians except those who are recent immigrants.
username checks out
It wasn't til I moved to the city that I even saw kids dressed up asking for lollies, we didn't have any but the kids weren't surprised.
Yeah you are right, pretty much like calling feta a cheese.
Yeah, Europe's probably the safest.
Really annoying
Wow
You do have insane budget deficits though that wouldn't be allowed in the EU.
Brunost is the fucking best
But they won't offer any solutions because they are to afraid of PC outrage
Morocco asked to join and was denied because it wasn't a European nation, on those grounds I can't see Australia being admitted anytime soon
Just beautiful
Sorry Britain, the Jack's gotta go
So what's actually happening in sweeden?
and surprisingly Australia, too.
Even the news presenters looked incredulous trying to report on it.
Slovenia is very mountainous, no
I like to keep them in good shape and I admittedly don't clean them as thoroughly and as regularly as I should
It's standard in Australia too
The dive was basically swimming through these giant pillars of corals with turtles, sharks and lots of tropical fish.
In Australia we have a brand of meat pie called "Four'n Twenty".
As for summer
Americans and Europeans want them to leave, but polling still indicates they'd vote to remain in the union if indyref 2 happened
It seems to me that in your own argument is the key to the irrelevance of the EU.
but it's something I'd like to see more of (and my partner has never seen at all!).
Oh my that's a very long list
Though isn't it statistically a pretty small increase.
Surprised you didn't catch that with all your wit
Let's just wait and see what happens.
But yes, many natives struggle with this one
Ohhh I see, thankyou
Great, back to normal here, just wishing we could have visited for a white Christmas
How the hell did Russia affect 1-2%?
The beer is stronger than you think, regardless of how strong you think it is
I for one would be very happy with a deeper anglo-alliance.
Even my mate down the road (same street same suburb) gets almost 40 times my speeds at best (usually around 25x)
This is immoral and I am disgusted that Australians would dare to have a religion other than my own.
Thank you for this
It depends the restaurant, at McDonalds or some bar it’s not weird but if it’s at some high end restaurant then it would be out of the ordinary
There's probably lots of country people foraging local herbs for fun but that's not the essence of the traditional dishes
I'll never understand how an eo ipso trade block can turn protectionist.
It's practically Denmark already!
It's a Peter Jackson project of colorized WW1 footage with sound design, voice acting, and the frame rate slowed to resemble footage captured today
I pesonally feel much closer to the mainland of the continent that I do with Australia and co, although I do feel we are still somewhat similar.
I wouldn't describe Aus, NZ, USA or Canada ( excluding Quebec ) as European of any sort.
Not being pedantic but the royals are mentioned in a later news bulletin
When I did a WHV in Australia I partied a lot, chasing girls, beautiful beaches etc.
Can I just say that as an australian reading this thread is pretty amusing
/r/europeans is for long and in depth articles, /r/european is for neonazis.
Eastern Europe is everything that was socialist between WW2 and the 1990s.
Starting level vehicle - bicycle
For more info, see the Australian museum link on the topic:
It was also iirc on the first ever round of UNESCO world heritage sites, so it's on the radar, too
Personally I wouldn't be in favor, although I like Australia very much.
You'll never change these people's minds unless their kid dies of a preventable disease.
What kind of diplomatic consequences can be expected?
Thankfully he hasn't repeated much of this bullshit with the new national emergency, but he did attempt to delay the shutting down of schools and etc but was forced to anyway
Tiny by landmass, but fucking huge by influence
50,000 years old country checking in to say "we all have different replies to this comment but there's no doubt it's a good one"
which is why its also sad
It’s a marathon wide
Seems you didn't watch that part of the video?
You just look like a cunt instead
Fun hurling story; my mum is Irish and my dad always trots out the same joke any time someone mentions hurling; "to be a hurler you need knobbly knees and no front teeth
67% split three ways for me, but my party of choice (ALDE) was one of those.
No one expects you to know the differentials of languages and accents but maybe start off by asking where someone is from rather than making the assumption.
Cant phantom why they have allowed that to happen a few times already
And Latin America is a mix of indigenous cultures, European cultures and, in some areas, African Cultures.
Australia can in Eurovision
I wish I had seen the Eiffel Tower all lit up at night.
- Australian
Or the spirit of modern Ireland, depending on which way you want to spin it.
You left out the part where they weren't citizens of Australia at the time.
Living in Rotterdam for a bit, I'm amazed at how shit Dutch people are at behaving on escalators
Personally I'd have like to have seen Talinn or the Narva and Ivangorod fortresses
Rupert murdoch is a lizard man hatched in Australia.
Canberra is slot smaller than Sydney and Melbourne, but it is such a boring fucking city, I am honestly jealous of foreigners who have never heard of the place
BTW you fucking buy Australian olive oil?
Imagine my confusion
As a rugby noob I loved every second of this game.
so-called Islamic State (IS) violence
How to tour Australia on $35 a day
I agree questions about travel do need to be specific, not some broad I'm going backpacking where should I go...
As an Australian, I'm surprised people actually see this policy as anything other than a massive money pit for little to no benefit.
And nobody can say your capital city's name properly without summoning a demon
Yeah, what if a nation is not in Europe geographically, but definitely is culturally (I mean in its wider meaning, including the US and Australia for example).
When I was visiting Malta (beautiful country btw) I ignorantly thought that the official language was actually Italian
i think there was a small roman site they found a couple years back when some people found roman coins in ireland
>And of course having little robots everywhere
whats your take on brexit, a good move for the UK or a poor one?
Don't ask me how I know this
Australia, USA,Canada, New Zealand and South Africa are my favourite European countries...
I’ve lived in Europe and I can say with confidence that I don’t feel European at all,  even when I was in England
04234528% short of the majority needed
Are Russians looking forward to peace or are they looking forward to taking Mariupol?
Why would you want to live in Europe
Yes the life of middle and even urban working class people isn't depicted by charities
2a: further, I suspect you wrote such a wall of text to filter out those without the intellectual stamina to cope with such a lengthy rant,  your comment being a sort of intelligence test, which leads me to conclude you are an Inhibitor Device, and I'm now frantically attempting to flee this galaxy before I'm eradicated
The joke was on him though once we found out he was a furry
Help me to understand this bilateral visa waiver for Australians in Europe?
However it's the large black population in poverty.
Then Australia was 2nd
Your girlfriend gives birth to a son, but it's difficult to raise a child when you have little to no money, much of it spent on you and your girlfriends alcohol addiction which you got after trying "just a little bit" with your mates when you were just young teens
But even the
I'm thinking somewhere in Asia.
Totally opposed to it
That relationship has been more important to our nations than any single person.
These are both really interesting, especially the first one.
Most people outside of Australia I have met think that Sydney is our capital city, it isn't, it's Canberra
But after 2 days the Canadian embassy finally pulled some string and I got put on a boat to Spain, minus the drone.
I suppose it would also depend if German was a language people have a tie to from previous generations and know the odd word in or if they use it as a day-to-day language as their mother tongue.
It's the Drop Snakes that I'm concerned about
I've never taken interrail, what's the perks
Because Romania has big corruption issues like USA and Russia
Suddenly it is easy see how there is now one more common thing with Israel.
Yea, it should have happened last year with the big gathering before the Turkish elections imo.
>I can barely put food on the table
Too bad said coal reserves are depleted to the point that it's now more profitable to import coal from *Australia* than to mine it domestically.
You apply now you will be fine.
No one likes a downer, but if everyone is a downer then it probably doesn't matter
Read the book "On the Trail of Ghengis Khan" by Tim Cope.
This is based on what I was taught and what I saw whilst doing volunteer work for a charity called "Save the Children" in Kununurra, Western Australia
I see you're 55, hope you're well off mate otherwise it wont take long for you to realise how fucked America's healthcare system truely is
Anyone know why this is, and if there's any way I can get around it?
Smart, practical people
My dream is to put everything in storage buy a campervan and take the missus and the kids round Australia for 6 months.
Train mainly because of the bathrooms/toilets.
We didn't skimp too much, mostly cooked our own food.
Leavers will be in for a good reality check though they'll blame everyone else, of course
Just a tip on that - I looked into that before I did my cruise a few years ago.
All those protests are not constructive at best.
My dad would play a war game in the backyard as a kid, and when he was the bad guy he would don a full Nazi uniform
I consider it to be halfway between English and German
Emboldened by this, I would take a French class, after which I think learning Spanish would be easier (than it would have been previously
Not like we have the same heritage or anything !
Whats the deal with Australia and Israel?
My grandma makes these, they are the best
If you ever bring your family, go cycling around the lake, war memorial, museum, hell even some of the hiking tracks around black mountain are lovely.
Thinking back to when I was in Paris on a 30 degree day, it did feel like a 35+ day in Sydney
This seemed high in proportion to the population of Scandinavian countries, so I have always been curious about that.
West Berlin had a selection
Moreover, Assimilation policy also sought to breed out aboriginal people through Biologically integrating them into White society- ethnic cleansing is the epitome of evil shit
This is no different from having your front door in an alley where they can't drive up to your front door either
jellyfish, stonefish (a fish which sits on the bottom of the sea, pretends to be a rock, and has venomous barbs sticking out of its back that will kill just from the pain) and surfboarders
Isn't that Spanish
If they'd pay out to Europeans as they did to Americans, they'd go bankrupt.
Wagga Wagga
Well they weren't wrong, Gallipoli was a massive military failure by the British, that killed a lot of kiwis and Australians.
He was on a round the world trip in it that had been trashed by covid
That was almost 20 years ago
It's a pretty accurate representation of the failures of the Kuznetsov's current deployment as well as the ships infamously trouble-plagued lifespan and the crippling deficiencies of STOBAR carriers in general.
Our ass got kicked by a couple birds, economy went to shit, got dragged into another few wars and all round it’s burning to the ground
That’s not what I think of when I think about schnitzel
In the English-speaking world, we use this word A LOT
It is one of the best and hardest things you will ever do.
It completely threw me when I heard it
By the time he was fit again the war had ended, so he spent the next few years with the British army
Pretty embarrassing to hear our uninspiring little thing when the wallabies are playing — but it could be worse, we could be Irish
) But for more recent leaders, probably Scomo (Scott Morrison) who is our current prime minister and climate change denier
[Here] is an example of an 'incorrect word' being defined in the dictionary
But it is normal: if you arrest a young muslim immigrant as cop in public, you'd better have back up.
Spices don't always come from places you colonise
I think Australia will soon follow
'Strayan reporting, I *fucking love* Asterix
My flight from Kuala Lumpur to Osaka (in April) has been pushed back 1hr.
>+25 C
The final result in terms of seat numbers is usually just as bad though.
Zeus is pretty inventive in trying to get poon.
I mean, it's kind of the point.
10 Free Attractions and Activities to Enjoy in Perth, Australia
Having flown to Europe 3 times from Aus I can tell you 500 quid is a good price.
(This question could also apply to Germany and Russia)
I can hear upward inflections at the end of words
I have German and Australian citizenship but can only vote in German elections [due to these rules]#living).
I would happily pay 50c for a nice clean usable bathroom
This is often brought up in conversation about Scomo and he has not confirmed or denied it
The Australian approach of discouraging refugees in the first place, not the Australian approach of putting camps on islands, which is arguably a lot worse than declaring a country of origin safe and having a deal with said country and just deporting people.
I took a break, but now I can resume writing my resume
You can try goeuro which works well for buses but I wouldn't know if it's info on trains is as extensive
What i think would be good is a rethink of how the UNHCR works and how it is funded so that we can deal with the migration challenges of our time.
The Holy See
Not the Owen
Google it
As the 30th birthday is coming up this year, I'm thinking of doing a 'big' holiday.
Huh
No, I'm saying the Australian system has severe problems, and never had to deal with the numbers Europe has had to.
"for which I offer
I've been to plenty of places in around Australia, and explored the islands around Brisbane etc, but never gone out on a boat from up north.
While it will certainly be more expensive, you can save money by choosing to visit less expensive countries.
Also its been 20 degrees celsius all week and I’m getting around in a t shirt
The darker parts in the water are all corals!
I was also raised on American/Western crime shows.
Would I need a permanent residency?
It's still pretty common here
It's hard to put my own personal view aside.
>You guys should not only adopt the word but the culture as well
The US, Australia and others are also included.
The UK does a short-term work visa for people from cool countries like Canada and Australia but if you were American (for example) then you could only come here to do high-paying skilled work or unpaid work for a registered charity, and in both cases you would need to be sponsored by a British sponsor.
It was such an amazing experience and totally worth checking out even during the wet season.
Six
McDonalds is the most popular here but we call it Macca's instead, but if your talking about exclusive restaurants then I would say Oporto, which I believe exists only in Australia and Singapore
Same in Australia
", to which the policeman will sagely nod and close his notebook
I'd agree with all the European ones, but an Australian counter perspective was a welcome change.
The benefits of Schegen zone free movement really became apparent to me the first time when I spent 9 hours waiting at the Poland-Ukraine border, vs walking over the Poland-Lithuania border and seeing all the dismantled checkpoint infrastructure
Are Denmark and Germany way more different than New York and New Jersey?
Why are all the county names of Ireland pretty close between Irish and English, but then Dublin is Bhaile Átha Cliath
It's better than ours
(Min wage is about $35,000/year).
Latvia with 37.6%, Australia with 33%, and Denmark with 30.8%
Only in British English
You will be barred from most jobs that require a security clearance, getting a driver's license can get difficult (especially in Norway, I've heard), and non-EU countries like the US, Canada, Australia, and Japan can bar your entry and deny visas, and they often do, even if weed was legal in the state you're flying to.
+ /u/shayhtfc
It similar to Washington DC in its array of monuments and national museums etc, but on a much smaller scale.
Meant to be travelling with Australian nationals
The church bells early in the morning were a noise-pollution issue.
Using the term African-American as a synonym for black just doesn't work.
Go to krakow, it's an almost florentine medieval city in Poland with a beautiful main market square (the largest medieval square in Europe)
Despite being Greek (i was born in Australia and have never visited) I had no idea that frappe thing was so popular
Why is it gun ownership is the first issue you mention?
What's up with the Australia economy?
This cost can vary immensely if you where to use couchsurfing.
Hawaii
Grenache - Grapes and Wines from Australia
I don't wan't to be critical on this style of evaluating companies in the EZ but you ought to compare this to Japan/USA/Australia/Canada/UK and countries that have free currencies.
Trust me, most native speakers do the same thing
Hell Australia had the Rum rebellion in the 1800s where the military overthrew the colonial governor because he wasn’t paying the right amount of rum lol
“Ahh shit, here we go again”
Yeah I agree
The flags are great m8
Visited Armenia last year and went on a tour that took in this monastery
So I'm not gonna be surprised if I'm in Italy and people speak predominantly Italian
If Australia can be in the Eurovision, they can be in the EU
Advance Australia Fair is quite contradictory:
Usually in the bottom half where it's closer to the lake and turns into a swamp during heavy rain
We used to wet them and wear them, it kept us heaps cooler
I was very surprised when I learnt that they had a dual-monarchy with Lithuania and owned a huge area of Eastern Europe
Those guys were amazing engineers
My fam stayed at Casa Stacey's.
wanna figure out if he is a good nazi ally to help you conquer europe by bike?
The "west" was the other side to the"east" in the cold war.
Yes I’ve heard that quite a few times while watching the rugby, it’s great
I'm not sure what the Australian government can do at this point.
Not European but I went to Adelaide once
>australian
My main impression of Paris in the summertime was that it smelt like piss
Yeah, I don’t get why the British treated some of their people so badly
However, spending could also lead to spiralling debt.
The tour companies aren't allowed to get a permit until they have a confirmed guest.
"Shrimp on the Barbie"
I meant universal in the English language, and English-speaking countries
During the night it comes out to eat worms and grubs
Waffles and chocolate
Assuming I could have a job/career roughly equivalent to my current position.
I wish our security services and police would treat them as such.
cheat, steal, and litigate (marks of a civilised
Quote from article about a new mine that I just added to my original comment:
above Scotland
People left because they were poor especially, no surprise, in the South, and then all these people created communities basically in every part of the world, mostly in the Americas.
One step at a time, since Australia is already participating, we should begin to invite California and Texas to the Eurovision song contest!
They are almost the same size after all
Alone of all the races on earth, they seem to be free from the 'Grass is Greener on the other side of the fence' syndrome, and roundly proclaim that Australia is, in fact, the other side of that fence
That's a pretty cool bit of history, thanks
Looks like a designer mocked up four different designs and said; "which one do you like
I've never been to Tassie but it looks like an amazing place to visit
Ooh I like the look of this one :)
even my mum who loves the movie to bits says she preferred  the fortress to the SoM stuff
“This man can go around calling Putin swine all day long
Don't forget Woodenbong, Humpty Doo, the little known Butt of Liberty or my favourite, Nar Nar Goon
I'm an atheist, but I say "God" and "Heaven" even though I don't believe in Christianity
English is a very logical and strict rule-based language
I remember the day when the Empire ended: literally overnight my teacher stopped referring to Canada, New Zealand, and Australia as "British Territories" and started referring to them as "Commonwealth nations".
Aussies are cunts, I like cunts.
I'm not even equating stupid american terminology.
If I worked at a metal smelter or an airport, I'd rather live a little further away for my quality of life
depending on country though, you will get a bigger selection of local delicacies and country/region specific products (stereotypically speaking your cheese aisle in french supermarket will need a separate map to navigate around and variety of vodka brands in polish market will make you alcoholic just by looking at it).
In what markets
(It stands for Royal Canadian Mounted Police I believe
yes and I wasn't aware of that and acknowledged it afterwards.
Canada or Australia would be nice
] Fun to see it pop up again
Neither modern day British nor American accents sound like 18th century English, they have all evolved very much.
I've heard it called "Sunday blues"
Just so you know, a Asia-wide trade deal,RCEP, is being discussed being between ASEAN, Japan, SK, China, India, Australia and NZ.
Massive cunt: magpies
When I went to exit they asked what it was, as no one really cared on entry I said it was a drone.
Holden is separate and still part of GM however due to many changes their Australian market share has fallen from
Yeah we do like to text quite a bit (especially when it comes to work related stuff) over here.
I much prefer Zoutelande actually
India, Pakistan, Parts of Africa, Canada Australia, New Zealand, Hong Kong, Ireland, etc .....
Most British colonised towns and cities adopt the names of British ones
So naturally Anglo and white Europeans are found everywhere.
Isk man, Yugoslavia is swole
It is hard to believe but some evidence even suggests that Aboriginal people have been in Australia for more than 80000 years
You apparently misunderstood me.
I mean I know that I was referencing it in my comment but don't remind me
More than one German asked if she was Dutch because of her accent,  or complimented her on having good (But not great) German
I assume he said that because you said you were a minority in your own country when 85% of Australia is of European ancestry.
That said, we had a hot as fuck summer too, which was less amusing
New Zealand, Australia, Taiwan, Singapore, Switzerland....
So I looked it up, and seems like Australia and New Zealand also have her as their head of state under a constitutional monarchy.
Honestly, I still think French is more consistent with spelling than English
Americans: Do I need a visa to the U.S as an Iranian Australian given current laws?
Oh don't get me wrong citizen, we are all in for a triple ration of beer to everyone!
I made the mistake of reading some NUjij comments recently and fuck me are some people still not getting it
Without a work visa any income is likely to be illegal anywhere, although I've known of travelers who get hostel room in exchange for work.
Are you saying we don't deserve a democratic Germany as the most powerful ally on the continent because we couldn't handle them in the 40s?
The study found that modern cars *killed more* insects
It's mostly Asian kids here in Australia, but there's normally at least one token shot of some smiling African kids in front of some running water
E.g. nobody has died from a spider bite since the 70s.
Definitely worth stopping by if you are in CT.
Just not sure about the layover coming back to Australia where I arrive in the morning...
I truly believe Europe must adopt this policy as the migrant crisis will only get worse, even so far as applying it backwards.
If anyone hasn't watched it, look up They Shall Not Grow Old
Are all the letters silent
I wouldn't see I have a "very large" number of comments critical about the US but I will admit I am critical of the US government
I thought that was only something you'd see in Nevada (which I did)
and I assume the German accent played a hand in the formation of the American accent
I know there are a lot of people on reddit who aren't American, some of my favourite subs have a lot of Australians ans Canadians posting.
Commodity prices are way down over the last few years.
Bunnings snags
Her immortality is dependant on breaking far more arcane systems of power
Most calls went to an answering service.
Australia can always join ESA (I mean, they are already in ESC, they're basically honorary Europeans by now).
It seemed to be similar in Argentina
I hope you don't mind, [but I did a rough photoshop to remove the people and the wall] right along the beach.
Propagating fascist views *threatens* our freedom.
During WWI, a group of Australian soldiers in France spotted an abandoned German tank in the middle of no man's land
I guess it's a cultural exception we shall authorize.
Cairns Australia has a whole host of activities, places to stay and bars to drink in all while enjoying the 30+ average weather!
I can tell you that Australians think anyone without an occa drawl is an immigrant.
So, Germany has no claims legally
It already is the most spoken language in the southern hemisphere
It's not really what I see but what I've experienced in my life, I live in a town that gets a lot of tourists and while the Canadians are great they are definitely more culturally distant to us than the New Zealanders.
im starting to see people saying its at 200'000 with numbers rising, not sure if true but the crowd is definitely huge
Although probs not well known now that I think about
The policy is an Australian points based system.
Asterix, Tintin and Biggles were staples of my childhood here in Australia
It seems everyone wanted a piece of Louis
about the su-57 - Russians haven't even introduced it to their airforce yet, hasn't seen any use as an air superiority fighter, and by most accounts it's largely undeveloped
But because I don't have an Iranian passport or citizenship/residency then I'm wondering if the US still considers me a dual national (because the Iranian government would consider me Iranian only, and does not even recognise dual citizenship - Australia just considers me Australian)
Oh I see, I assume that must have been a traumatic experience
Yeah
Must be all those Catholics eating fish on Fridays
Thanks for the explanation
Milan seems to be a great place to go to me, but I admittedly haven't done too much research
And that tank ended being the last of its kind and still sits in the Brisbane war museum
I would highly recommend doing the hike between San Sebastian and the neighbouring town, Pasaia.
I only found this out today
Can confirm
Freedom is good, as long as it isn't used to move.
There is also a Japanese one QZSS but it only works between Japan and Australia.
I think people understand that the little classrooms you see in the ads aren't private schools in the suburbs
Can't forget [Zoutelande] by Bløf also
I'm pretty sure taking the piss out of foreigners standards doesn't count as hiding.
They decide if a new word is worthy of being added to the dictionary
Hahah, I wish we had the European definition of a heatwave
- Midnight Oil: My favourite band if all time, they make rock music and all of their songs are written about environmental, economic and social issues in Australia
But we never carry over Ø for some reason, it's always translated as "oe".
Shouldn't that reflect low inequality?
Anxious Ukraine Risks Escalation In 'Creeping Offensive'
Australian here
This is not the result of returning the artefacts, nfi why it would even be considered
I honestly thought it would be ridiculously bigger, like Australia ridiculously bigger.
A lot of species here are nocturnal so a lot of these are at night
Gosh everyone can into Nordic...
It's not like Mediterranean cuisine that heavily features herbs that can be foraged on a nice stroll around the village
Frankish empire, France winning the 100 year war, Revolution, Napoleonic era, World Wars
Best way to take money to Australia?
Eh, I'm gonna go against the crowd here and say the salt mines aren't worth it - it's one kind of cool cathedral then it feels like a mall that you're trapped in until you finally get out the other end.
That doesn't happen in any other country on earth.
Also, most of that money went to sport centres that the minister who proposed it participated at
Spricht Deutsche du hurensohn
It's more like "chai pas". J'ai pas means "I haven't"
Turnbull needs some progress on something by September or he'll be ousted (especially now the TPP is as good as dead), but he and May would end up cooking up a neoliberal's wet dream.
Right, got it
At least Moldova can into sea now
They all also have bullshit stories about how their parents were not rich, but looking at the numbers, it is clear they are.
Not European but Australian: but I love this thread so much I just had to contribute
To bring it over to the EU, they would need to make a different agreement, often with a different right's holder.
No where have I stated that Poles are as rich as Australians or could afford to eat the finest steak every day.
Also, I'm not to sure if this is the first "article" as such because the [constitutions website] doesn't list them as articles
In Australia we have a brand of meat pie called "Four'n Twenty".
But the good kind of disturbing, the one you can fight.
yea no, "acting" in porn consists of degrading yourself and your body for money, its something any person can do and takes no skill
Skilled labor is great, get a white card (might have slightly different requirements in different states) then you can work construction jobs that pay waaaaay more than the states, especially if you plan to stay in one spot for a long period of time.
You're just all drunk aren't you
I did this for almost two years, mostly in Asia but also parts of Europe, Australia, and Mexico.
Which is horrible enough”.
Sorry Britain, the Jack's gotta go
I'd be very happy to set up a freedom of movement area with Australia, New Zealand and Canada.
Pretty sure every Anglophone person here calls it "kicking the bucket"
There's enough in this world for everyone but never enough for one persons greed.
Climate change is objectively real, but it's not objectively certain how much of an impact mankind has on it.
I started buying it here in Australia as well since I came back
It's already starting to happen in the Anglosphere
I've heard of tourists trying to tip hotel staff or ubers with bud...and its like "Really?" But like I said I don't smoke, but I certainly did vote to allow it.
Makes sense considering it to be a sectional view of cylindrical food
I'm thinking there was a misunderstanding here.
You are comparing Australia to Italy?
Every single one of those countries would be considered "Eastern Europe" in English-speaking countries
I wouldn't trust it to be objective on gulf/arab state affairs but looking out to the rest of the world it's brilliantly broad with concise stories
What I saw of Europe was a lot of really poor people, living in tiny apartments who consider themselves middle class if they run a car.
Today I visited the Plötzensee Memorial in Berlin - the building where over 2000 prisoners were executed (either by guillotine or hanged from a meat hook) during the Nazi regime.
China, they already own so much of our land through shady deals so a land-invasion doesn’t seem so far fetched
Hahaha I wish I could hear the accent through an Americans ears.
You have to either look at individual country travel guides or get a whole separate 'Eastern Europe' edition
It's like they're so scared that if any of their protagonists are racists (which they probably would be given that time period) they would completely lose the audience, but I'd hope people were mostly smarter than that tbh
Unsure, I've always used it for just trapping it
I've read/heard plenty times we're right up in the rankings on obesity rates 🤔
Most Australians just go over for a few years, get a job to travel for a bit and then go back home.
Depends on how they poll the population, but that number could be greatly influenced by immigrants lol
Although anyone actually venturing into the sea will have to contend with sharks, stinging
As for continuity he has put more pressure on the EU and NATO allies to tighten there defence much more then any other president, going so far as to say we might not be as committed as we used to be if Europe is not committed to its own defence but Obama,Clinton,and Bush said the same thing in a much softer tone.
>wasn't allowed to invade
I think you have have to separate American people and the government here.
Koreans too man
They are:
Often done in a shoddy charcoal barbeque started with far too much lighter fluid to give a special tang.
I think most people would rather be unemployed than dead
I guess I could distinguish regional dialects too if I were more exposed to them.
Something akin to having globally or specifically scoped subreddits, not to exclude, but to contextualise discussions
The Iraq war protests as an example.
Australia isn't an option either since gay marriage isn't legal there.
So, 2017 is the year that Australia becomes a European country.
Looks like the Egyptian coat of arms
If they do this, there is going to be civil unrest
Americans intentionally cleansed native nations of the Northern America while also caused a genocide in Latin America.
I'm sure you can live in an EEA country without needing citizenship to work.
Probably every group that has ever been described as 'the powers that be' would have been.
They're built in an existing body if water as an alternative to reclaiming more land
The problem with electric bikes in many places is not having somewhere to park it where it won't get stolen
You're asking for problems later on, just so you know
" Which sort of fit the description of her grandfather
Hey don't point out a problem with something I said
It worked out well for Germany, didn't it
We say eggplant and zucchini
The bartender refused to mix them but gave her a glass with the whisky and another one with the coke.
Can anyone recommend a bank/card?
Use the urban spaces you already have more efficiently
Same
Don't know if that is actually stupid.
You mean Australian English isn't an option for the Europeans?
But still coked up and picking a fight while his girlfriend screams
I hope that the children of the children I worked with will grow up in a new Australia where charities like "Save The Children" won't have to exist
The average passenger doesn't spend nearly enough time looking out of the window.
What are Australians doing in Europe?
But despite the funds we receive for those, most of which are just cost cover for safety measures among others for all those foreign politicians/lobbyists/...
Most diving places with such a delicate ecosystem have guided dives to prevent tourists from touching or messing up the corals.
Are you aware of the number of people that ever heard of him?
Umad
Its actually frustrating because from my experiences, they don't want to integrate...
Although I'm surprised to hear this, considering you're from Norway
You can see exactly how bad it was in videos of him though
To question Where is Eastern Europe you get different answer every time but most of the time people say it starts with country east of their own.
Since you also campaigned for the community to outlaw wife-beating last year, and the year before that you successfully got the drains fixed, a majority of your neighbours hate you for one reason or another because you've stepped on their toes in some way.
You won't be missing much except for wild Quokkas (Which are only found on a single island anyway, not in the city)
Can confirm its the same in Aus/NZ
What I'm trying to say is, most of the animals in Australia are extremely poisonous and deadly, but that doesn't mean they ALWAYS attempt to kill humans
We have a similar problem in Belgium (and Australia where I am now), yet both countries have compulsory voting.
>The similarity between Dutch and Afrikaans is a bit scary at times
Finns of AskEurope, What's your opinion on NATO, do you wish to remain outside the alliance or do you feel Finland should join the alliance?
It says on my passport born in Tehran, that's it
However, it doesn't have to be a comprehensive reform.
Czechia can be confused with Chechnya in the same way the Czech Republic can be confused with the Chechen Republic as was proved in Boston bomb attack in 2013.
That's the order of preference for the average Brit when it comes to the anglosphere.
The UK doesn't - there are more of us in Spain than Ireland or France.
Do Tintin characters count
You guys are so lucky to be born EU citizens
Aren't the animals a problem
Canberran here, just checking in to sympathise deeply
Why is it en either or for Australia?
I think this is the norm in every English-speaking country
You've got Irish
How do these people live
Does this mean if I have a masters in machine learning I can migrate to europe away from Australia, which is now a province of china ?
More realistically no Australian, Dane or Brit can claim to have invented football.
:) I can write letters for QLD, Australia, with some pretty post cards or pictures if you want.
China
I'm not sure what other countries would even come close to feeling like home, so Canada it is!
Peleş is wonderful
I've met a few Americans while travelling, not only in Europe but also in South Korea, where a lot of American, Canadian, Irish, English and Australian people teach English.
The royal navy dwarfed everyone else up the Inter War Years (when Japan and America started catching up) and had bases everywhere from Australia to Canada to India and to New Zealand.
All I can say is that Australia is an independent country and there is no vast conspiracy to alter their demographics.
She met the Crown Prince at a pub in Sidney and got married.
"Speak German you son of a bitch"
Well here you go
You’d have to grab him one
It's not about the length of your trip, it's how you use it.
The Dutch invented Wifi, not Australia, contrary to what our government keeps telling us
I've meant Kangaroo-Australia of course
Considering that Europeans rarely think of italy it just seems a weird choice.
I'm very much proud of how our own government dealt with the issue (imprisoning all "refugees" for a long time until their asylum request is granted, almost zero financial support, extreme prejudice from the locals) and wish other European countries followed up as well.
So I'd say very popular
New Zealand
"Dingo" is the proper term to them.
I could see us opening the border for incentives that the Union would probably offer.
Billion always means 1000 million
It's awesome in many ways and I recommend to visit.
but IKEA told me that allemannsretten means a nice dinner of their frozen veggie balls
Another survey in 2017 showed about 52% of teens have no religion
If you count China and Hong Kong separately and keep visiting more countries eventually you may be counting more countries you've visited than actually exist.
How many corpses are you comfortable with?
In Africa, the Americas (except the US and Canada), Asia and Oceania (except Australia and New Zealand) - if you are White, then you will get special treatment.
Nickname for of Belgian blood, like this cow called Belgian Blue which is a Belgian breed.
Burrumbuttock
No, my main grievance is that they don't hate their government (and even then they should be loyal) they hate their country.
One of our prime ministers went missing at sea and straight up dissapeared
Salzburg, was supposed to go hiking on the Alderweg trail this year, not happening anymore because I have exams to study for next year
>a lot of people that want Scottish independence
Including the inhumane conditions.
They talk something like rkgrwkmwkmrkmrkw and are Slavs.
(Nobody has died from a spider bite since the 70s)
I felt perfectly safe the entire time, even in the day aftermath of the coup - honestly did not feel like there was anything different going on in the country the entire time I was there, it was all very business as usual (except for the fact that there weren't many tourists/backpackers around).
I find it interesting that nobody has said anything about different expectations of acceptable behaviour with same vs opposite sex friends
I'm planning on doing one soon in Australia, and I have a few questions for you guys.
In Australia we have the "Carols by Candlelight" which is a musical performance that happens all across the country in cities & towns with the biggest event on Christmas eve, it's on right now and broadcast across the nation.
inhabitants
Black represents the people, Yellow the sun, red the earth.
The conditions are the same; countries with low voter turn-out, traditional government being elected by a vocal minority, and populist options appealing to non-voters.
If I want to go to a pacific island, there’s plenty to choose from that haven’t been americanized and turned into a tourist factory
I remember doing that as a child with my grandfather - he was a Slovenian migrant so that would explain it :)
I heard Australia has great weather too.
It's one of those cities I could definitely imagine living in
You're surrounded by deathly things!
Not the Owen
The question is whether OP is a dual national.
I also think some of the people in this thread are being a bit ridiculous, if you were in a foreign country and where asked where you were from then replied 'Europe', in my opinion you would be laughed at.
All celebrations take place on the 25th
It’s perfect autumn weather
I present to you this present
The Australians had the tow-back policy (stop the boats) which was dropped arrivals to nearly zero.
Australian Shiraz- History and Growth to Become The Leading Wine Varietal.
Good times
I can't speak for Russia or Poland, but USA definitely has large variation in accents, especially considering it's a lot younger country
There are tents at Auchan as well but they're not exceptional quality and probably won't hold up for actually camping
Depends on the extraction and access available
imagine thinking this is summer
We still need somewhere to put them if we implement the Australian solution.
It is just outsourced to single contracted cleaners who get by on the toilet fees.
Are Australians, New Zealander's & South Africans English as well?
I also was a child in the 90s and billion was always a 'thousand million', and trillion is a 'thousand billion'. Never knew there was any other way until recently
I am reading and rereading those tables without getting it.
Thank you for telling me this
so because the Iranian government considers me Iranian because my dad is Iranian, then the American government does also?
Yeah, we will always win because we will have some people left living in the middle of Australia.
Lol, no I actually suck now
'Air Farce One' hahahaha
We have moved on from Europe,  and while the ties to Europe is strong in Australia, we’ve forged our own identity and the forging of that identity was influenced not just by Europe but Asia and the Indigenous people here
They like free trade, except when others have it.
Well maybe you can throw Peru there as well..
I'm not the biggest antifascist in Italy for sure, but what you are saying is just a mess.
Nazi fugitives in Argentina and Australia seem to have difficulties with.
I don't think it matters that much either way.
But that doesn't mean things will change, or that he won't be in power anymore
I'm fine with budget airlines, so thanks for the suggestions.
I find it very hard to understand without prior study
Not as much as with Brits and Kiwis (the whole banter thing adds way more awesomeness) But definitely friendly.
Have you tried emu
Only prawns
You are trading your dignity for money, which is why people look down on it
I doubt Australia will miss my presence.
I used to think that Australia was just a hellhole, and I could not understand why it is so popular for Scandinavians to move there.
Lots of immigrants and visitors from all over the world
He then said he could tell who all the Europeans on the tour were as they didn't look that impressed.
" as loud as possible
In Australia, the name Riley is generally associated with [bogans]
Contiki is full of mainly early twenty aged Australians who have just finished university.
Probably New Zealand, but perhaps also Australia, Canada or Chile.
Well your the ones letting them in because you like to feel self righteous.
It happens more than you think now that it is legal.
I actually know a lot about Singapore but this always sticks in my head and no one has mentioned it
They’re non existent in aus
this pic was taken from lime n soda resort, highly recommended.
If Austria didn't have their own empire, they could've been included in the German nation themselves
At night we get barred bandicoots that leave small holes in the yard, wallabies, owls and probably more but I don't see them
Ok, that's very different to here then
I'd say a majority of Dutch Turks support him.
day* at least for Belgium
More Cake
Hungary, Slovakia Poland in April - Itinerary Help
Although it appears to be different from the Norwegian version ;)
Australia and New Zealand are further away from Europe than the USA, I didn't mention proximity to Europe as a factor.
I love how Northern Ireland has more fatties than the Republic
Would have been the first weekend of October last year.
In the case of the EU, we are not talking about a few hundreds, we are talking about hundreds of thousands or even millions.
The changes are subtle, but deep, caused by the mind-stretching expanses of nothingness and eerie quiet, where a person can sit perfectly still and look deep
We'd answer 'Yes, I am' or 'No, I'm not' to clarify
It's not neglect, it's fucking abuse at this point.
I find driving in Italy easier than in France.
Oh thank you very much
I'll just say the one no one else has
Yeah, there sure aren't many left-wing governments left it seems, Australia and New Zealand both have centre right governments atm
For those who are an exception and actually drive like madmen, really fast, they usually travel in packs 3-4 cars
They are a really bad invasive species here
Freedom means more than "anyone is allowed to do and say whenever and whatever they want".
Thank you
Ah yes hole 6, quite long for a par 3
Thing is, Canada, USA, Australia, those are very young countries.
- Name abbreviated as "Scomo"
When I left Austria after a week I flew in Berlin, grabbed my bag and walked out of the airport.
Or the Australian method of guaranteeing that you get into a camp if you try to get there?
I'm indifferent to it because smoking is disgusting
7ft tall blonde dude
Even closer is just a general deli that sells a lot of European goods; mainly Polish, Czech, Balkans and Italian
I like the New Zealander accent as well as the south African one!
And build over all that beautiful nature
Considering that atheism and deism have been trendy at other times in history, before religion became mainstream again, would you be surprised if Christianity grows again in your lifetime?
Don’t worry mate, I want to visit Austria
Most Europeans are old enough to remember the Balkan wars, where ethnicity played a dramatically important role.
By the time he's eligible to run again (2030) he will be 77
Scunthorpe
I guess we can add another name to the Austria/Australia joke...
, we're still a net contributor.
I remember reading that Henry’s wife , Eleanor of Aquitaine didn’t like Winchester and set up in London because it was a lot more cosmopolitan
>We do still sometimes use French kiss for a kiss with tongues but it's rare
Unless you're in the middle of no-where and work on a farm.
Great answer
I know, you don't need to patronise me.
Yes, because Österreich means Australia in australian language.
[According to this]#tab-1-1) Austrlia is one of the partner countries of the Erasmus+ program, so you might be eligible, but I think it'll be easier for you to contact the section of your university that handles this kind of things.
I've never personally had a bad experience with the US but I've had friends who have, so it's not just things I've read online or whatever
I pay 21 dollars for a six pack :/ but 20 for a pint is a bit shitty...
For very modern cities, would definitely wander around Hong Kong or Singapore.
I've never heard anyone describe the American accent(s) as attractive.
I'll visit when I finally do my drive around Australia
I remember those stories about the zoo animals
Dam leaves Crimea population in chronic water shortage
The west is the US, Canada, the EU, a few other European nations outside the EU, Australia, and New Zealand, when China or other anti-west nations(such as Saudi Arabia or North Korea) do well it is bad news for the west.
Kind of like Poland-Lithuania when after the 1444 incident Lithuania's Grand Duke became the king and Grand duke of Poland and Lithuania
Denmark, the brains of Scandinavia
Australia's pretty expensive too, isn't it?
Hema has these relatively cheap
Furthermore, the rest of the EZ is not standing still.
In fact, all other religions are anti-Confucian!
The coalition has had a fairly open-border policy up to now.
It depends if you speak to a Bernie supporter or a Trump supporter.
It's what we've learnt and grown up with, so we're just used to it
All of them
Obviously it works slightly differently for same sex attracted people and I'm bi so the orientation of the friend plays a role too, but for example I'm more comfortable socialising with opposite sex friends in a group or casual setting
And a Scottish king formed a union between England and Scotland, but Scotland was the junior partner
Nothing will change in his life
It's just the whole "ett" and "en" thing that annoys me greatly
None of those countries are recognised as the same evil western imperialist intervening in the Middle East.
Or make your own hot air balloon
What
As for Europe itself, it's not like the we're going to like the UK anyway after this year.
I have no trouble understanding the vast majority, but the Jamaican accent was almost incomprehensible.
How clean are they in the US
I've never personally had a bad experience with the US but I've had friends who have, so it's not just things I've read online or whatever
The fact is if you wanted to move to another country right now, you have every right to do so.
Flip flops are required footwear in New Zealand and Australia at this time of year.
So yes 4 days in Barcelona is enough but you put forward a great itinerary for outside Barcelona that sounds fun too.
I've always considered the West to be only Western Europe, North America and Australia.
has only been settled for a few hundred years lends itself to the desire of many Americans to trace their roots.
A Polish mate of mine told us about the same thing
Looks like Russia is betting on Fillion
Australia's is 000
Climate change is not fun
Seriously though, how much HDR do you want in a photo?
The only things I know about WW1 are that an Austrian died, the Gallipoli Campaign and Italy swapping sides
It's still pretty common here
Might wanna save some extra for Ibiza if you want to go to the overrated and ridiculously expensive clubs.
9:00am seems like a strange check in time?
Cockburn
Take out some places- it's way too much, you basically haven't factored in travel time and how much that can take out of you.
- Selling our water to China in the middle of drought and fire season
is it one of those 'green spaces' has a wonky definition situations
And much much more room for growth
I remember watching this story from an Australian news team who were reporting on the migrants in Rinkeby.
They use Moodle for the backend of distributing coursework
Australia wasn't really independent.
Fact is that Christopher Columbus gets way too much shit and is someone people use as a target, its almost like real life is complicated
Perfect
But he's probably my favourite artist.
That's why half of them in English match
Usually in statistics we are beaten by all the Nordics, Netherlands, Austria and of course Switzerland.
I'm looking to fly home with my Australian Shepherd on block leave before deployment, but not extremely interested in having her stored in cargo.
In Australia, the name Riley is generally associated with [bogans]
There are less than 20 people in the town who speak the original language of their nation
Welsh words are very handy in scrabble, I think cwm is one that's allowed
I watched long time ago and immediately got addicted
They look like bad video game levels
Northern Cyprus wouldn't be so bad, I'm sure it's a nice place to live (because it's an island in the Mediterranean...)
Sadly, it seems public opposition isn't enough anymore.
Most of our country is already a wasteland
I'll be travelling through the UK and Spain from 13 April until the 6th of May and with the date getting closer I'm thinking more about converting currency.
While with a stop in Dubaï/Beijing you will be limitated to Melbourne/Sidney/Perth.
The polarised views come from there being two different thoughts on what you paid for.
I’m in thermals once it drops below 10 degrees
I think we had the same prime minister for about 20 years in the 1950s.
I wouldn't want to live in the US.
West Berlin had a selection
Ironically that comment was upvoted and your preemptory post which is totally wrong is the one downvoted.
I prefer a tree that looks more traditional.
Shame cause our climate and soil is made for it.
I know it sounds good, but that's the last thing you want
Jesus Christ where do I begin with Scomo
Apparently they are all over the place
Almost forget, you have to negotiate trade deal with them first, while not being in really good postion to negotiate.
We *know* what happens when you let fascists go rampant.
I spent half a year in Lviv, Ukraine as a private in the US Army
NATO as a subsidy to Europe's lack of a defence isn't.
It has designed and built the F-100 Alvaro de Bazán class frigates (5 units) for the Spanish Navy and the F-310 Fridtjof Nansen class (5 units) in service at the Royal Norwegian Navy.
"Good Day"
Oh, we're going to have a final solution to the migration problem after all?
Hadrian's wall shall once again be manned
It's closer Jakarta, the capital of Indonesia, than it is to Canberra, the capital of Australia, from Perth.
A one bedroom apartment in Melbourne is $5,000 per month.
Which party is most likely to win the next parliamentary elections and whose lining up to Challenge him in 2019?
When the ANZACS stormed the cliffs of Gallipoli and fought the defending Turkish soldiers.
When is best to convert spending money?
You want to be in Kreuzeberg for the true Berlin feel (plus if you plan on going out, you want your hostel to be in Kreuzeberg as that is where the majority of the clubs are).
I think the majority of people thinking this, prefer to shut their mouth.
Unless that one gets too high a score which isnt unlikely in a dump like Molenbeek.
What wealth class are you referring to?
It's news that is outright lies and fabrications.
" And is highly against renewable energy
You are sent to prison with your alcoholic girlfriend at home with your son
If that isn't the article you were looking for then this certainly is:
There's been propositions by Australia, Mexico, South Korea and quite a few others in the week following Brexit.
That's true, but then that argument doesn't change anything.
When we declined, he asked if we wanted some Cocaine or anything else
You'll be fine, every county has their extremists yelling nonsense, albeit some louder than others.
I watched it very quickly
The research also found that modern cars, with a more aerodynamic body shape, killed more insects than boxier vintage cars up to 70 years old
He's regarded quite well for his actions within Belgium
What if you stared furiously into their eyes when you do it?
Right not it's spring
Central France and Central Spain are getting a little warm, but England, Scandinavia and Eastern Europe are looking pretty nice
$10K is not much for a year's travel, esp.
Since we booked before we left our home country it was probably a little more expensive than if we organised something when we were on the ground.
It would greatly help if you let us know where you're coming from; it's impractical to suggest a weekend trip in Europe if you're in Australia.
Mass murder is never "incredibly good" in any scenario
It's more like "chai pas". J'ai pas means "I haven't"
) The awards are mostly optional, but the highest award is the Queen Scout Award (Which I think all commonwealth countries have) and this award looks better on resumes than the Duke of Edinburgh award, that's one reason why I'm trying to get mine, the other is that I spite the DOE award because I did the bronze DOE hike and it was shit
Yeah, Charles hasn’t exactly been the most illustrious name in the history of the British monarchy
Ideally we'd have a status regarding the EU similar to that of Australia.
If we put the UK in the middle of the Atlantic, wont we risk cutting off the Gulf Stream?
*Our* irony
The rest is barren land, and Queensland is pretty shit as well.
This was built in the 60s.
Also the Netherlands and Australia were ready to take over the MH17 crash area by force, when the rebels were being a pain in the ass.
On mainland Australia in rural areas kangaroos are a common sight
Ie gingers come from Celtic tribes we are blonde and beautiful ;) .
We also have private security but the university policy is that the security guards can ask for our ID to confirm we are students.
Perhaps they work not only hard but also smart?
The article says that Australia sees Ireland as to new gateway to the EU.
You could be forgiven for calling them our 'brother nations', if there is such a thing.
How could they manage that volume, even if they liberally handed out 5-10 year visas as many people can get now?
Yeah I have no doubt you and many others are happy there - but I think years of having Australia shoved down my throat by countless TV shows portraying it to be paradise on earth while making the UK look like a dreary chav-invested shithole have made me not want to consider it.
It is a receiver not a transmitter.
Probably because you export less
Like the Western front was as far away from Berlin to my house to Sydney
Having said that I don’t mind Americans themselves, just get the shits when it’s my fellow Aussies not knowing their own culture
Yeah it's been very disturbing.
As a Norwegian that has travelled a fair amount in Australia, and other wealthy and expensive places such as Tokyo, NYC, Switzerland and so on.
As if you would be OK with every shop banning the hijab!
I think about that a lot actually
Awesome stuff
[13]
Also the cost of maintaining royalty would be interesting.
You should read the FAQ about that word
China is our number 1 trading partner, they can fuck us over economically in a heart beat, and with the Aussie dollar as bad as it is now, China is a serious threat
I'm a 22 year old Australian solo backpacker who is about to embark on a 2 year solo journey that will take me to many corners of the world.
Maybe we should have had a word for that, but are you seriously telling me Norwegian has not borrowed any non-slang English (or any other language) words that didn't exist in Norwegian beforehand
Australia is known for having very bland names for slot of places
Stuff the inflexible yanks, good on you!
Yeah, I see it every time I catch a taxi home from the airport!
Oh, I didn't know UK had a whole island for *that*...
I love that country in general
Wow the point about Queen Liz being the monarch who saw the decline of her empire really hit home...
Apart from football, where England is my one true (painstaking) love.
With nukes pointed at each other I doubt it will be safe.
You're an Australian living in Georgia ?
At least it's not offensively shit, like Rotterdam
There are free public toilets
Another example exists:Indians of Americas or Aboriginal Australians.I emphasized this "till it's end" because major crash will appear in coming 20-30 years
Even better, stop the problem at the source just like [Australia] has done so [successfully]
Mount Kosciusko is around 2,228 metres tall, and was *"discovered" and named by the Polish explorer Pawel Strzelecki
I also found this word
I come from Australia and those camps are extremely inhumane and shameful.
Australia still is a 1st world country despite all its flaws.
Where is it cheap to fly back to Australia from?
Poland - Polish
Can only imagine the level of education in Bulgaria if your reading comprehension is this bad
Ironically, not for English though
A friend of mine returned to Germany after living in Scotland and then Australia for ore than a decade
Politically, things are more complex
Yep, the British migrants in Australia that make up a large amount of that number are from before the EU resembled anything even close to its current form.
China offers a scholarship to study language for a year or two.
That's like Europe, right
Australian prices of living are insane.
Oodnadatta, Coonawarra, Illawarra, Yarrawonga, Kununurra and hundreds more
Does it make that much of a difference??
Something he seems to say a thousand times a day yet he's never once explained in any depth.
Being upside down
Taken with an old point and shoot, this photo is still my favourite years later.
Hmm, not by itself, no
It’s a super endearing part of who you are
God I love it so much
And Beijing is much more similar to how it is in  Chinese
Yep, the eggs are normally in the fridge section
the problems in the current Eurozone
Happy independence
In hindsight, the US should have exported the F-22 exclusively to NATO allies and close allies like Japan and Australia.
Considering that Europeans rarely think of Italy it just seems a weird choice.
If Austria didn't have their own empire, they could've been included in the German nation themselves
True, thankyou for correcting me
the Gilding Federation of Australia?
They are very proud of it at the csiro
Or perhaps detain them like Australia does if it gets really bad.
I've always heard that Singapore is so expensive and I finally visited two years ago I found it to be about the same as home.
Theres
Kinda reminds me of Lviv and I thought it was really interesting with the history of Esperanto
My dad's village outside Pescara/Chieti has a couple restaurants that do baked polpetti in a tomato based pasta sauce
But I can't stop picturing the drink when I hear or read it in history
I wouldn't feel safe in the US considering the legality of guns and the current political situation (and the two-party system in general, although I admittedly don't know what that's like in Canada).
You are confusing a political, economical and social reform my country needs with talking about classical and mostly philosophical stuff.
Europe never had free markets in the same way the Australians, or the Canadians or the USA did.
If anyone hasn't watched it, look up They Shall Not Grow Old
That looks very French
The majority of the worlds population doesn't use some wacky continental model that merges the America's into one super continent
Alone of all the races on earth, they seem to be free from the 'Grass is Greener on the other side of the fence' syndrome, and roundly proclaim that Australia is, in fact, the other side of that fence
Eh, I've seen bigger
Looks amazing
"Noodle salad with cancer flesh"
Was the teacher a feminist
Same here
It's so mind blowing
If you're going to Park Guell, I would highly recommend paying a little bit extra for the guided tour of the Monumental Zone.
I would absolutely love if someone spoke to me in English to practice their speaking
>Usually, words ended in -a are femenine, and words ended in -o or -e ar masculine
Yeah, that and the last thing we need is a president who feels he has to have an agenda.
We were taught cursive in primary school but next to nobody actually properly learnt it or uses it
However, watching a
Siemens are not well liked in Australia at the moment
Sounds of then - GANGajang and any Midnight Oil song are also good
Fair enough
I meant universal in the English language, and English-speaking countries
Travel warnings are always erring on the safer side of things to a point of ridiculousness at times and even with that the UK, US and Australia doesn't have one issued for them.
Either that or taking land from the Abororiginals
There were chapters about South Africa and India too I think, not completely sure.
Changing the spelling and pronunciation of words and then claiming they still speak English is one of the worst Americanisations.
But I can't stop picturing the drink when I hear or read it in history
I also love the word for microwave
They did it because they (the PKK) legitimately are a terrorist organisation
I didn't know other countries even cared about Australian history, that's very interesting, we don't even learn that much about it in school
Well I'm a native English speaker so I don't have that defense :p
Russia's colonial exploits have also been temporary, rather than permanent (e.g.
Definitely much better than Murdoch
It's like having a snowboard in the Aussie outback
That way they wouldn't need to change vending machines (although the changed composition means that for the most part they wouldn't work now, especially since the 1 and 2 c/d coins have been abolished).
Put on an Eastern European accent and then maybe...
I bet
Modern ones are Congress Poland, Poland-Soviet war (Where Poland got Vilnius and half of Belarus and Ukraine until 1939)
I assume that from Perth you have connection to most of the minor cities in Australia.
I thought that was obvious by context
You guys are going to hate me, but mixing ketchup and mayonnaise is next level yum
If you're open to traveling, try Revelstoke.
I am not a US citizen so they have zero rights to those.
Will Australia continue to grow when this is no longer viable?
Oh and, don't forget to check flights!
Giovanni Gentile Probably had a bigger role doctrinally
Ring-tailed possums
Got them
I feel a lot of the Americas and Australia are cultural Europeans, they are in a large part just transplanted Europeans anyway.
Ah, gotcha
I think I only have trouble understanding some African-English and maybe some really thick Scottish (I have no trouble understanding Craig Ferguson though, not even from recordings of him from before he moved to America and lost some of his accent - I love that guy).
Australian with a Finnish flag on his hat?
They want to deregulate labour laws to make their economy more competitive, and that's why they're protectionist.
The GBR was the first thing I booked when I knew I was going to Australia.
Scott Morrison, our current prime minister, he basically did everything he could to ignore (or undermine) the bushfire crisis we had in January and February
Tiny by landmass, but fucking huge by influence
A trip to a place like India in the wrong mindset may have made that worse.
Excuse me
Australian here
I don't see what the EuroParl could realistically do about that.
They turned out empty handed so the PM said "Fuck it, the regular police are fucking useless
To this day, I've not heard of those two words lol
Yes the life of middle and even urban working class people isn't depicted by charities
Mannerschnitten are absolutely amazing, I'm living in Australia and there are a few export stores that you can buy them in.
I have 20 days to spend in Oceania.
In Australia there is only a tip jar at the counter when you pay
Tangiers is not so great for it but I really enjoyed the one in Chefchaouen and Marrakesh.
Garlic is awesome though
culturally, they're pretty close.
The creature that kills the most people each year is the
Not really, I know about Stalin's purges and another Russian person commented about "Russification" under Tsarist rule so if there's anything else other than that I would enjoy hearing it
I also have had spies for the Islamic Republic follow my social media, they know that I am Baha'i, and they know that I am also very vocal against that regime.
*  Females: 18+  21
Are you going to dress for the 10 minutes it might take to get a taxi to the airport or for the 10 hours on a plane
Due to your mother's alcoholism, home isn't safe, and you have been suspended from school
It's so easy to cross borders within the Schengen zone, so you become quite accustomed to not even thinking about it
I think a Big Mac meal is around 9 dollars here.
Culture are all those little thing people take for granted at home that they notice are different abroad: the way people greet each other, the way leisure time is spent, they unspoken ways in which society organizes itself.
I do hope the EU never stoops to treating those who come to us for help like the Australians did.
Over the wall - not so much
Ukrainian efforts to sabotage Trump backfire
On another note I had a lot of trouble understanding the Sicilian accent when I was learning Italiano
Not like that usually though, looked like it at least had some weight to it
Best fish and chips in the world
It's probably slowly dying here though
The only person I could think of that would be hated as much as Scomo would be Martin Bryant who slaughtered 35 innocent people in cold blood in 1996
Chinese - to make visiting China, Malaysia and Singapore easier and more fun
Hmm what about lasagnette
Is that really considered expensive in Finland
As an Australian, we are also a bunch of bloody foreigners
Edit: now I think of it, any complex machinery tends to be female in general - planes, trains, motorbikes
Using any map app, preload the maps along your route before you leave and you can follow the flights progress.
Is dropping bombs on targets that can't fire back a better measure of capability than dominating other aircraft in training exercises?
The Dutch are from the Netherlands.
Native speakers of any language often seem to have issues with their own grammar/spelling.
Whenever I do those I usually walk to accomodation first and drop off my backpack - usually they won't let you check in until later (unless you're really lucky and they're really nice, in which case I'd probably take a nap) but they will almost always let you drop off stuff and hang around.
Possibly worth noting that the standard voltage in the US is 110/120 volts, as opposed to 220 everywhere else
Australia is very large, and prices vary depending on where you go, and when you go.
I would definitely use the Eureka stockade flag instead ***IF*** it hadn't been hijacked by nationalists who use it as a symbol of Australian Fascism
Pretty sure you guys actually out produce the Kiwis lmao
An academician with 3 degrees or an internationally celebrated artist won't have a hard time being accepted somewhere else, open borders or not.
Actually I was watching tv
Really annoying
Hadrian's wall shall once again be manned
I was more replying to your random accusation of racism, by pointing out that ASEAN was openly racist towards Australia (and then explained that this probably wasn't really their motive, and just what they said to save face).
Still haven't found a trace of him
Most of all corporativism, whichever the sense you are giving it, doesn't work in Italy, an only took place during the fascist ventennio, if it ever did.
Four seasons in one day
I hadn't considered there honestly but that's totally up my ally!
Most of them are extremely fluent in English anyway, so you'd be able to get by whilst learning Norwegian
I went to Australia for a bit and I was actually surprised how many similarities there are between us.
Now it's below 10% Circumsion was also banned in public hospitals in Australia in the early 2000s.
Much love big Zeus
So I'll be in NSW, what sort of places would you recommend visiting?
I don't even really drink cider at all
in fact I think Grand Station may actually have more to view.
Great answer
Don't know about anyone else, but it was just sheer relief when Biden was announced
It isn't possible for it to stop growing emissions while also developing as technology exists today.
Recent being on a tour in Australia and the tour guide was talking about a building from the 1800s being one of their oldest.
When you go to Cyprus, you can see a giant Turkish flag from the Greek side of Nicosia and it even lights up at night
You think brexit is worse than losing a multi-continental empire
They insisted they could do no wrong
Seeing as both KZ and UZ have similar influences and geography, will the food I experience be similar?
Even the Australians don't come close.
I welcome them, Australia first tho
The shoulder seasons really are the best
I also don't think it really makes sense for the UK (or in fact any other country) to look at economic growth only in relative terms or only by reference to a select group of other countries.
You got Adelaide then the 3 main types
Germans are so lucky to have such a homogenous German society.
That concept doesn't even seem workable.
I would have thought it'd be January 7 for you guys, being orthodox and all
do you mean when he was asking for funding
I was initially surprised that my husband suggested this plan as he is usually the more risk adverse of the two of us.
Good pay and you can run your days off together to go for shorter breaks.
Something many Australians and New Zealanders don't know.
Stating that those are xenophobic is not enough.
How will you ever bring your obesity rate up to standard?
Most of those countries aren't especially wealthy, so aren't very large markets for international media, not compared to the USA, Australia and Canada (minus Quebec).
Instead we just hate each other endlessly!
Both e's should have an accent
I find it very hard to understand without prior study
Was interesting to find out how it was different
Hmm as an Aussie I’d say yeah I’m ethnically European,  and our culture obviously is very European but that’s not the full story about Australia and I guess I could say the same for most of the Anglosphere
I suppose if that's valid then the UK can claim everything that most other US Presidents have achieved, not to mention practically everything ever done by any Australians, Canadians and New Zealanders.
They are far older, and so the architectural style is also far older.
You go to Canada up north or even Australia and they know what's a liberal, a social democrat or a libertarian.
Any visitors should be careful to check inside boots (before putting them on) under toilet seats (before sitting down) and generally everywhere else
Good times
Much farm work in America is done by immigrants with low pay.
Also, you realise Eurail is not the cheapest way to travel right?
No we were taught they were part of Europe it’s just the islands around us were considered part of the continent of Australia if that makes sense
The movie with Johnny Depp (nice German name)
I'll be on a 26 hour Etihad flight (14 hours then 7 hours) and the only way to select my seat is by calling so I asked about exit row seats and they told me they only select exit row seats at the airport on the day of the flight.
So all the old farts voted for them
Tinnie/Tinny is also a small boat haha
As a bonus we would have a new wall and could define other side of the wall (aka Eastern Europe) as Australia.
That's really sad, it's by far the most interesting place I've ever been to
However, both the Australian and British governments failed to thoroughly check the areas that they thought were void of animal and human lives
They are also a commonwealth country
The th is almost silent when I say it
Holy shit,  I didn’t know what Qormeh was but looked it up
I do remember it though, my brother running into my room waking me up.
What an awesome little town with an interesting history.
Europe's physical location is an even more important factor for the US than the UK's and Canada's.
My great grandfather fought with the South African army in North Africa in WW2
That is for the spouse or partner of an Australian citizen or permanent resident.
Don't you also have one that is simply called "The Long Water
I think of alice springs more as a big town ahah
Just checked on google earth, that street is pretty much the only street
We do
Do they sell egg spam sausage and spam
In Australia it's done by foreigners, but they are nearly all backpackers and they get paid proper.
Wow 289m views on youtube how do I not know of this song..??
I've found catching buses through Europe to be super cheap (went from Nantes to Paris for ~20 euro for example), with the freedom to choose when I want to go and how long I want to stay (I tend to travel for 6 months+ when I do)
Definitely do, and stay at Wild Elephants!
Is "let's get fucked up" much of a thing into young Italians 20s? Or is it usually just people who've just become of drinking age
Which country has the worst and best food you've had so far
it depends where you are
First cider in months of travelling.
You can fight on the details but the end of the day both China and Russia are doing old school imperial power things and it's truly frustrating that europe only cares about Crimea and the Pacific only cares about the spartly islands and both expect the US to help them and both are willing to sacrifice each other for their own safety.
Not pure evil or good, but a mix based on various topics
I also agree with you on offshore detention, I would probably support it, if it wasn't such a shambles as it is now.
I'm not still with that guy thank goodness, but one always stumbles across people who speak the language and now I know one phrase
Those first three affect 29 million Saudis and guest workers (maybe 100m if you include Muslim countries destabilized by the Saudis).
Well I dont see them getting into Australia or drowning, so they are doing something right.
There's a small chain of premium ice cream stores in Australia called "Royal Copenhagen", I don't know why they're called that but it's some of the best ice cream I've ever had
To a random African country that agrees to build a refugee camp in exchange for EU money.
Are Argentines, Chileans & Mexicans Spanish?
That said, for someone like me it's kind of boring.
Where is the city of Australia?
Netherland - Netherlish
Outback Steakhouse isn't Australian, it's the most American restaurant chain in Australia
And I did notice that tactic, we have a similar thing in Australian football, call it flooding.
The Australian deffinition of 'asia' is the European deffinition of 'east asia' btw
We don't cuddle by the hearth, or have nice mulled wine.
- Scouts: teams are called patrols, some leaders can choose to use jungle book names but generally don't, most jungle book references are phased out by now
Somehow this doesn't apply to Greece
Not European and not about culture but I genuinely like New Zealand's Government
For example I've seen twitter studies on "misogynstic tweets" that sound terrible in a headline, but when you actually read some of the tweets they include in their statistics you see that their definitions are very widely stretched.
Same in Australia
He is candidate, he will be present at the first round, he is running for president -_-.
I much prefer Zoutelande actually
You don’t know anything about me
Glad to see it's changing
Anyways, in the link OP provided, you have extra links at the bottom for download.
Saint Petersburg was renamed Leningrad.
First day back was 46°C. 2nd day back was 48°C. I got to stay home from school on day 2 and spent most of that day in a barrel just like that
What will be next a wall that cuts off Scotland ala Doomsday?
Australia/NZ and South African generally have crazy expensive flights if you want something to look into.
We literally hand pick them as vetting of their qualifications and experience has to be done by designated Australian institutions.
When was the Left liberal before?
You'd really like Melbourne (Australia) then
And that's what you'll sound like if you say it haha
Ceiling fans are commonplace in schools here
I had a great time, with only one weird experience
It's the second most isolated city in the world (Hawaii is 1st)
You will wake up late the next day with an astonishing hangover, a foul-taste in your mouth, and wearing strange clothes
You could also do a working Holiday in Australia if you are under 35.
So I guess it isn't really free if you have to have a tax refund along with it
It was the Statute of Westminster passed in 1931 that granted these former colonies full legal freedom.
If everyone stopped playing megaphone politics, the world would be a better place
Do the sacred valley tour and Cusco days before you do the jungle trek.
27 is a heat wave
Pronoun dropping in Polish from a language-learning perspective is amusing cause it's pretty much like this; 'Okay so learn these pronouns
Basically open borders for skilled workers, but not for others.
Your television is pretty much the only good thing on Australian free TV right now
I was young and it was my first adventure.
Never been to France but I just looked at the Arc Dr Triomphe on a map, isn't it essentially just a big roundabout
I buy frozen pierogi from there, cabbage and mushroom- it's not bad as far as frozen food goes
You're not like America are you where you cap the number of terms?
But tomorrow you'll have to celebrate 100 years and 1 day
Danish lawmaking is probably very secular, but there are few European countries with official secularism.
Yes, our immigration policy should definitely be exported.
The biggest driver for deep relations is industries, South America perhaps isn't as advanced there compared to those mentioned.
An act of kindness like that goes a long way to making positive memories in a place and I have good memories in Lithuania
If you have trouble understanding any of it feel free to reply to this comment and I'll gladly translate it for you
This means the UK is ungovenable, right
Food they refused to release IN CASE famine spread to them.
(Ireland was only 18 per cent.)
Pot calling the kettle black
My partner & I stayed at an Airbnb in Barcelona, sharing the house with the owner
Why would I be happy that all of our countries will soon have to raise taxes again/cut social spending again to compensate for the increased need for a big military budget now that the US is no longer a reliable protector.
UKIP, AFK, FN nationalists are a reaction to the globalism by the left liberals, if you can keep that balance in the political system you should be ok.
I don't know these destinations, I'm talking about plane tickets costs here.
they responded "you speak good english"...
If you can make it within sunlight hours, it’s reasonable
I now only get 46mbps for $60/month
And Australia does a Stephen Bradbury once again
Lots to see and immerse yourself in local culture.
oh boy I wonder who could be behind this
As for the empires, it's that the British Empire pretty much extended throughout the world, but other than Gibraltar, they had nothing in Conti Europe.
scotland and wales population density is MUCH lower tho
The Americans were only there because of Britain
If you can't hear the difference, why don't you record your voice on a record
One of my mates has a very strong British accent, you would think we would bully him about it but NO, he is the one that starts arguments with us on how to pronounce the word "herb" (He thinks the H is silent so it's supposed to sound like "erb")
It's a small town with a population of a few thousand with a high percentage of them being of aboriginal descent
Over mainland Armenia
Landing in Sofia on the 17th and flying back out on the night of the 27th - right now I'm thinking of doing Sofia, Skopje, Lake Ohrid, and a quick one night stayover in Prizren for kicks.
Beautiful
Not to sound rude by I'm pretty sure the vast majority of Australians would be against joining.
Edit: I feel its not fair to only answer with two words and not address your question
And it was certainly in their interest to defeat the Axis forces globally.
This situation was a lot more complex than the Indian Nationalists are suggesting.
I'd imagine Australia isn't much different.
I traveled for a month in Australia and a week in NZ in sept-nov of last year.
I met some cool people, but it was pretty impossible to get to know non-exchange students well
(and i can keep hoping we get to join the EU somehow at some point)
Describing Spain and Australia (the two biggest destinations for "expats") as "3rd World" is perhaps a touch inaccurate.
Greenland - Greenlish
Starting dates are 12-26 of may, budget is moderate.
Probably wouldn't go out of my way to do it.
I did the working holiday visa and lived in Sydney about a decade ago; I ended up working for a temp agency in the city (People2People).
Or, go to Kathmandu or similar shop in Aus and ask what they recommend based on your trip.
Russia lost tens upon tens of millions of people to the Nazi's. If the Nazi's didn't have to hold off the western front, back up the Italians, fend off Africa, they would have been steam rolled
in bosnia they put ketchup on pizza
During economic times like these, that will only make the lives of regular people even harder economically and that will have political repercussions.
Do you know of any examples on YouTube
So it does kinda make sense for him to sound far more intelligent in his native tongue
Holy moly that was a screed
The election will likely strengthen the more left-wing faction within Renzi's party though.
I believe Britain has one as well if I'm not mistaken
They survived over 60000 years without war
Thank you so much that's really interesting
In that case it actually was the journalist who caught trouble for the incident for cropping the conversation down
Because of Italy's history with the Roman Empire, Byzantine Empire, Catholicism, Gallic/Germanic Feudalism, Holy Roman Empire, Merchant Republics, Mafia & Fascism, it needs a *Corporatist* economic policy to succeed.
The dogs were eager to get out of the spacecraft as soon as possible because the rabbit kept on pestering them to "do a barrelroll"
Being retaken by China means they lose their freedom of democracy and that's the reason for their protesting, not because they want to be owned by the British rather than the Chinese
This is your first encounter with the police, the first of many
It seems like it would be an ok idea, but they have done so many things that have directly flown in the face of the democratic process.
Beer, i don't drink myself but thats not going anywhere
Have you considered Australia btw?
When a foreigner asks something dumb, for example "Do you guys ride kangaroos to school
No legislation was passed, no referendum held.
Prime example would be most of our states and territories: Western Australia, South Australia, Northern Territory, Australian Capital Territory
I know the big 4 accounting firms in London hire many foreigners from countries including the US/Australia/HK and provide visas.They have a problem finding enough recruits from the locals.
[This one] I feel does justice to the absurdity of African borders
It's obvious to most people but I have met some people that believe we are still part of Britain
As an Australian, I’d probably just throw the towel off, wait until they come back and convince them that as part of a penal colony there are no laws that can hold me
The British I would say treated Australia alright, maybe except in Ww1 sending us to our deaths in Turkey because it’s lot like it was British boys dying
Something akin to Denmark, Australia or Japan.
At this point I would worry if I weren't on his list.
But at the same time you created us
I've never visited Iran since nor plan to, and don't have an Iranian passport.
Temporal power as an Ottoman sultan is one thing, being a caliph is another.
One day it can be 40 during the day, cool change in the evening can drop down to 20 in an hour or so
From what I understand reading history, Germany is more an idea than a country
Was interesting to find out how it was different
It was the last mass shooting in Australian history
Also accepting the free movement of 250 million Europeans to Australia would be pretty unpopular in Australia.
He was on a round the world trip in it that had been trashed by covid
We also did the Cambridge Certificate and International Baccalaurate of English in lieu of 'regular' english classes.
But it can sound very abrupt and defensive if you just say 'No'. Saying 'No I don't' sounds a little nicer
Seems a weird thing to not have in a language
Although I was surprised that diving is unguided at the GBR.
Your center seems to be at a point of rejection of capitalism.
Germany has a higher standard of living than both of those places.
Just don't mention Greece
And god bless Maisel & Friends!
The whole of Europe, besides Britain would have become the German empire
Bali to Java by boat or flight?
In both countries you'll find modern, English-speaking, mostly-white, predominantly protestant populations with nice infrastructure, lots of suburbs, pretty beaches, sparsely populated wilderness, Western values, fast food, diverse array of immigrants, remnants and legacy of the indigenous population, and so on.
The idea of processing refugee application offshore as in Australia has been around for a long time.
- Cut funding to fire services
What is the word for milk in Greek
Some countries have the option to renew for a second year, but Americans don't.
I was eating caviar in Lviv for the same price as McDonald’s here in the US
My great grandfather fought with the South African army in North Africa in WW2
It's pretty rare for someone to identify as Irish-Australian, Scottish-Australian, English-Australian or similar.
Screw you continental drift for putting us this far north.
In many languages, the official name for the country is some form of 'Holland'.
Sounds to me like Shakespeare
When Australian Aboriginals and Native Americans are talking about protecting indigenous people it's ok: when European indigenous people do it, it's fascism.
It really disgusts me the way that people have stopped caring about this war that Russia created for no reason except to cripple Ukraine for daring to separate from Russia.
Would have been a great day to invoke Article 50.
That's really interesting, thank you for sharing
While the current US administration is seen unfavourably by many people outside the US, the bulk of people you may meet pretty much anywhere can differentiate between 'America: the government', 'America: the country', and 'an individual American'.
I love that country in general
That being said, if the holdup is the price of the plane ticket, you could probably spend a month in Brazil after Argentina or a month in New Zealand after Australia or Thailand after Indonesia without a big expense in plane ticket.
You're right
or Australia (and I think it's healthy).
Sorry if that sounded a bit ranty...
Just like when Britain colonised Canada, India, Australia and half of Africa and created the British Federation.
If the European Union can include land in northeastern South America, I don't see why the Australians have to be excluded from Eurovision.
That's rare nowadays
Majavi an de bugui an de buididipi
To be fair, Australia is so close to Sweden because of how our taxes work on alcohol, wine and beer is a lot cheaper than spirits here.
Term 2 runs from April 28 to July 4 this year.
Are there any places in your country with boring, obvious or bland names
Expect less than minimum wage though.
he made it sound like a major event happened.
Maybe he thought it was the Cape Verde of Portugal
You may not know, but how does DB compare to the TGV/SNCF
There was a major terrorist attack in the airport not too long ago.
Of course Australia has differences from the US.
I reckon for England Wilfred Owen’s last line in Dulce et Decorum would be it
Oy cunt I’m comin for yah
Student visa to Schengen Visa - Australian Student
When is the last time right wing groups caused havoc like this and got these numbers of arrests?
Wait this is soccer
When I was a child I found Australian history quite boring, because it really is taught in a fairly dull way, but there are a lot of quite interesting moments in Australian history
Stories vary but the main idea is that a panther escaped from a circus a long time ago and bred with feral cats
In this regard, European fragmentation has been a huge benefit because the spillover effect from these ideological medias is greatly reduced.
Er ist "Ehrenmamn" oder
That is seriously one of the biggest stereotype of Europeans, and it always has been.
Tiny island with tiny population, but for some reason there's so many Maltese people in Australia
The comment was deleted by mods.
The Americans were only there because of Britain
Showing strength to discourage others has been done before
Denmark isn't a secular country, so there you go.
We would love to know some awesome places in Krakow.
They can't pre-reserve permits hoping that they can use it
Not sure if you are the one who remembers or the only member of whore.
I didnt have it till about 4 years ago
These countries, whose people aren't white, were invaded by us and we started living in their homelands although we didn't belong to them, an example is South Africa that is full of white people, although every country could be an example, especially the US.
If they're tight enough, your voice can sing a few octaves higher
Here in Australia, we had a state election in Western Australia on Saturday where the Far Right was polled to get 14% of the vote and the balance of power the week before, and they ended up with only 4.8% of the vote and a solitary seat, as the Centre Left party stormed to a convincing victory and now this.
> extreme weather
*El Dia* and *La noche* would like a word
I personally have a hard time hearing any sort of 'flow' or structure
Don't really know much, except for the deserts in Australia, that the capital is Canberra and that Atlassian was founded in either AU or NZ
I spent 7 months abroad and visited 17 countries on one trip, and took 2 other 3 month study abroad trips to South America as an undergraduate, almost entirely university/grant funded.
That said, we had a hot as fuck summer too, which was less amusing
Perhaps you could visit the capital Canberra when travelling between Melb and Syd.
We're trying to be tolerant for a while, the only way we know how is copy Sweden.
I always imagined it to be sooo far
The actions undertaken by ANZAC and Canadian troops on the western front were amazing feats of courage.
Hey me too
For Bolivia I think you need yellow fever (definitely), maybe typhoid, hep C as well.
No conversion/foreign transaction fees and a wide network of ATMs which don't charge a ATM fee.
Might be American
spiders won't go near the sea
Well, I don't mean to dispute what you say, but you could probably come up with plenty of negatives in pretty much every country in the world.
I could do it with a stiff breeze, but not when it’s just pure sun belting down
I worked with two Finnish dudes in Australia, and both of them fit the stereotype
Is Australia prepared to abandon its policy and accept that thousands of migrants will drown in their boats heading for Australia?
No matter what politicians sit in whatever offices, the special relationship must endure for the good of everyone.
If you have air con it's not bad.
Three offer roaming in a number of countries (including the USA, Australia, Israel and Hong Kong).
They're most like the US system in being International.
Reason #20397 why I love Europe.
I can't see how Turkey (and some other countries) are "EU"
Asterix, Tintin and Biggles were staples of my childhood here in Australia
27 is a heat wave
Surely building the Titanic is more famous worldwide than any particular bombing of the Troubles
If I didn't do that I would spend my days sitting inside my own home not meeting anyone my whole life.
You know what Oscar Wilde said about temptation...
That progressive PM was stabbed in the back by his own party, Labor party that is.
Statistics ARE mathematical evidence, you know, depending on how they are peer reviewed and unbiased.
It's probably more likely an inflatable toy or something
Hasn't been so regular lately though, due to covid
Maybe because they're very similar languages
>Its a country where they promote competitiveness and make a competition out of everything, even if it's knife forging or cupcake decorating
Another way I would look at it , is that it would be very hard for a French speaker to understand Classical Latin, even though they’re both romance
I honestly prefer NZ over Australia.
1600: ...
Japan is really not that expensive ( i think it's a pre conception from older days) but stay away from Australia it's really expensive haha.
For me, I took issue with the ones who chose not to see anything wrong with what they had just done and didn’t bother to at least understand why other cultures might take offence
The Balkans are the people who always argue in the break room
Hello, I'm a dual Australian-Italian citizen and I would like to join the smoking weed Airsoft party
It's a dream lots of people have but never get around to - it's just so vast and sparse that most people only have time to do it when they are retirees and do a trip lasting around 3 months.
I don't think promoting competitiveness is necessarily a bad thing
All that kinda thing does is increase car dependence
The Greens, The Palmer Party, the Kater Party, Independents...
I can say you made the right choice; Rotterdam is a fucking grim city and the teaching at the uni was fairly inconsistent
Lol in Australia pretty much every school classroom (at least from PREP to grade 6) has people’s birthdays on the wall and the birthday boy/girl brings in cakes or ice cream for the whole class
Can't we declare Mexico and Australia both honorary members?
Curryworst is also called "lange hamburger" by some in central Limburg.
Humidity tends to be lower during the day when there are larger temperature differences between day and night
Look around the world, and Britain had a large amount of places that the went to.
>Roman baths found under the museum (which was very handy, and immediately incorporated as a big open display
Central France and Central Spain are getting a little warm, but England, Scandinavia and Eastern Europe are looking pretty nice
I agreed with what you said about how it will become a black market procedure, that's a tricky scenario.
I'd recommend both Chiang Mai and Cambodia if you can fit them in - two of my favourite two places in SE Asia are Chiang Mai and Siem Reap.
Why did Mexico, of all countries, get indirectly involved in the civil war though?
" The irritating thing about this is they may be right
I really like German
13 year old neo Nazis
German is even hard for the Germans if they don't practice enough
I know it’s r/askeurope but love this sub ... and I originated in Europe
I speak a bit of Greek and it’s rare I’ll have a full conversation in it, but if anything it’s the reverse - a certain shift in my mood or personality will bring out some Greek phrases, especially when I’m being sarcastic or telling off a friend
It has a bunch of theme parks there which I went to as a kid
Wait why is Australia in euro vision theyre literally on the other side of the globe to Europe
And Beijing is much more similar to how it is in  Chinese
Europe isn't that popular among Turkish expats though.
Even Italy, it's shitty economy and what not are just smoke and mirrors.
Why do so many of Britain's doctors and medics find work in Australia?
just give them passports afterwards.....
I'm doing the equivalent of an English BA.
Like sure you can't do it all the time but in spelling bees at school you would often get a word you have never heard before and have to sound it out
Besides, this is Australia, we have far more than our fair share of ocean dwelling shit that will kill you in minutes
All coins of the series are gonna have the glow in the dark perk.
Are you sure that logic applies to such a great extent to the 19th century?
The first mountain I ever snowboarded on
Sorry from Australia
I would think Australia's very high life expectancy (4th or 5th iirc) would also be a factor
In Swedish are unstressed words pronounced differently than stressed words like in English?
You're well on your way to annexing all backpacker hostels though.
endearing I guess :D Like Canadian-English to other Anglosaxons maybe (riffing off of this analogy, Croatian would be Australian English).
They have harrassed our planes and ships in the South China Sea, and just last year during the Tiananmen square massacre anniversary, they sailed 3 fucking warships into Sydney Harbour, I can only assume because our prime minister was in the Solomon islands at a meeting about China's influence in the South China Sea and they wanted to intimidate us
Minnesota I know thanks to Prince, Bob Dylan and Johnny Cash
Which news organization explains why they're in Sweden, Denmark, USA, Australia or whatever?
Australian drivers licenses (the most common form of carried ID) also have this
Hiroshima was by far and away my favourite place out of seven (?) we visited in Japan a few years ago.
They like Europe, just not the continent.
Canada, New Zealand, Australia or US(Certain parts, like Washington, Oregon, N/S Dakota, Minnesota or perhaps new England)
The only one of those that's half good is Auld Orange Flute, the rest are pretty underwhelming
Time to bring freedom to Russia
You are thinking of vowel sounds, maybe this is different in Polish, but it is not the case in English
Eventually they moved to Australia which is where I was born in 2001
It is expensive ($50-$100 Australian per day), plus there are often high fees if you hire in one city and drop it in a different city.
There is some like Roki Vulovic who talk about the war and the soldiers, then there is those who talk about wanting to blow up mosques and stuff like that (Koridor, Miro Semberac, and others) and then there’s ones that sing a mix of the two like Baja Mali Knindza
France is not my country - I don’t live in Europe - but i have trouble getting my head around what happened to Louis Braille’s body after he died
I live in Lyon and it's the gastronomic capital of France - very good quality French food to price ratio there.
UK and EU cannot just not talk to each other about them.
Official Australian intervention, what do you mean?
I went back a few years later for 4 months and after some time in Sydney and Melbourne, I skipped the east coast completely and focused on the west.
They mostly don't go tor Europe though, mostly US Canada Australia etc.
Hey the former mayor of Melbourne, Australia could *barely* speak English
They insisted they could do no wrong
Im pretty sure the BBC only added it because its readers know the cars under that designation.
Within minutes we are drinking and chatting like decade old friends
Population decline would be good in most continents, but not Europe.
How common is that though in your area
True, and really, despite politically in some of these regions, and the pain in the arse of getting stuff in and out of them, they are rich in resources, meaning that in the future, economically, they could be pretty decent hitters
No wonder their country is going to sh*t
What is weird about the watermelons?
Self-evident
He's exaggerating to the point of ridiculousness.
*  Males: 18+ 26
along with Canada, Australia and New Zealand^[**citation** ^**needed**]
of course having less of your population whore themselves out is a good thing, what good comes from having girls being exploited for porn
Australia exists because we exiled many of those chavs and scallies.
These are very common for people to do in Australia.
The Afghan Hindu Kush was a spectacular glimpse into a country that I had never realised was quite so remote and mountainous.
Languages that developed on islands usually suffered the 'island effect', but who knows (just look at how different Icelandic is vs the other Scandinavian languages)
>war thunder
common Wombat
I don't seek information bubbles, they form automatically around me now and it takes effort to get out of them.
I'm wondering what I'm considered according to the US government given its anti-Iranian visa laws, because I know they apply to dual nationals.
We would be much more civilized today.
Living in Rotterdam for a bit, I'm amazed at how shit Dutch people are at behaving on escalators
I collect the most outrageous/unique/handmade fridge magnets from every destination I visit.
My stomach plummeted just reading the comment, bloody awful
I've never taken interrail, what's the perks
My Australian aunt reads the Mail Online and rants about the state of the UK constantly despite not having lived here for 20 years.
I used to remember getting confused, cause I thought it was some sort of dessert
Pronunciation eh
It's real simple, you need to maintain a political/ideological balance.
Otherwise, even stuff like burgers I found to be better in Europe and Aus than I did in the US.
In a fresh Tulip broth
You'll get through those covers no problem
It’s also in the most bio diverse corner of Australia
With that kind of attitude I don't expect your side to maintain grips of power for long.
Release them and get the whole world on your side
Thousands of people visit taree each year.
Citizens of Europe, as an Australian trying to understand a few major political situations in every country in Europe today, what would you consider to be some of those themes in your country, whats your opinion of them?
Extremely Based
The gap between the way the royals/aristocracy/upper class speak and the way the 'commoners' speak is getting less and less each year
Australia has these things called Opal Cards
How common is it to use the English word ok/okay in your language
I just think it's a weird thing to want to make a televised competition out of
China already owns half of the US, UK and Australia (not sure about the others).
We already saw with Medvedev that he doesn't need to be president to be in control
Woy Woy
After about 3 hours I decided to cut my losses and cough up the money as I thought just getting out of Morocco would be the best thing to do, however they said it was too late and the police were on the way.
I might add more to this later, I'll put new edits here:
Thanks Germany for all the funny comments on this subreddit
It's so fucking infuriating that the far right keep being like "fascism wooooo" because it makes the few legit things they say sound ridiculous
And the first computer
Like sure you can't do it all the time but in spelling bees at school you would often get a word you have never heard before and have to sound it out
Flags
More allies is better, especially when that ally is a global military superpower.
And I get it's annoying as hell to you
I'm not offended, I just get a little annoyed with some of the comments on this post that claim English doesn't have X word, when quite often we do or we express it differently
I just had a flashback to 1991 and the very beginning of the school year
They get to use 1 Kiwi pass on me
"Australia is a very confusing place, taking up a large amount of the bottom half of the planet
It's the Drop Snakes that I'm concerned about
Apparantly Australia did it 2 years ago, i don't see why you guys couldn't...
The cowbells were an animal welfare issue.
Delta operates several types of aircraft with no row 31 and/or no F seats.
Where is the lack of due process here?
Then they all got shot and nothing much else really happened and now the flag is used by right wing fascist polotical parties despite the Eureka Stockade being a left wing movement
California is the Beach Boys, therefore coastal, west coast
We will be staying in hotels and I was wondering if the hotel tap water could be drinkable after using water purifying tablets.
Even the left leaning party has adopted it.
I was working in australia for 11 months last yera, I would highly suggest that you stay away from working hostels, Australia is a place too well saturated with Working Holiday Visa holders.
I will most likely exceed the 90 day limit for the Schengan area for the 180 day period and would like to know if if being having a residence permit would allow me to stay within the Schengen area for more than 90 days.
But it would probably stigmatise one from society.
Apparently this guy is real popular in Poland
America, *whole* of Europe, Australia and sometimes even Japan, S.
It's pretty universal and ingrained in the language now
They shouldn't get any credit for it.
He did it in the name of "western society", you must agree, no
Downside would be that other then a Macca’s or shitty sushi there wasn’t really much in the way of food places that sold foods from other cuisines
Give you 1 day in Krakow, of which I would thoroughly recommend the Auschwitz tour.
Some people call you guys slavs
Switzerland, Australia, US, UK, Belgium.
**BREAKING:** Armenian Unified Infocenter just posted images of the downed Su-25
'Okay' makes it seem like an actual word, and less like an abbreviation (which it actually is)
- Scouts: teams are called patrols, some leaders can choose to use jungle book names but generally don't, most jungle book references are phased out by now
Australia here same here
Look up on documents needed to apply for a [TFN] (tax file number) and for opening a bank account too!
This power isn't making people's lives better, which is the sad part.
And if you believe the theories, politically in the background, the world
No major settlements existed in Canada or Australia before the British.
Often people might speak great English , vocab and pronunciation wise, but they often keep the rhythm  or stress timing (for lack of a better word) of their native language
I think all governments are shit right now
Because to me it seems like common sense.
I believe it's fallen out of use in the US, but we still use it
Dude, you want to put people in concentration camps like the Australians ?
We could literally end up signing one with Canada and Australia and even possibly the USA minutes after we're clear of the EU.
Geologists assure us that this is simply an accident of geomorphology and plate tectonics, but they still call it the "Great Australian Bight" proving that not only are they covering up a more frightening theory, but they can't spell either
Give me a break
Do not wear a
As an Australian I want to declare war on New Zealand and surrender immediately
Wait, Russia has the death sentence?
I'm kind of suprised Australia is in 5th and way ahead of other Anglo countries.
Good rule of thumb is you can only smoke outdoors
>guau,
Australian institutions are much more Australian, and you're right, Australia hits above its weight in many areas.
Hit the Lawyer, Facebook up and delete the gym.
New Caledonia is a fantastic example
Vacation in New Zealand and Australia - need mobile cell coverage
I once payed about $4 for a single apple in Iceland and paying $20 for a pint in Norway would be considered a bargain!
What a glorious day for Australians...After years in Eurovision, they have now received their official invitation into Europe!
If you leave the urban areas, carry several litres of water with you at all times, or you will die
Spend my weekends in Sweden, Norway and the Netherlands
Quite dissimilar to British immigrants in Spain which are essentially exclusively retired pensioners.
VB (Victoria Bitters) beer, never had it before personally
Surely the Dutch will have no choice but to bow down before Sultan Erdogan after this completely devastating attack.
I'd brush my teeth, shower (usually they'll let you, just ask), hang around the common area and google things to do, get some breakfast, and then by that time it'll be like 9-10am and it'll be like a normal day.
Edit: sorry Scots
More Cake
Also known as the Australian solution.
Well tbf we do have a significant amount of Italian and Balkan/Greek immigrants that brought it over
A lot of the poverty these charities aim to help with is rural
Jetstar flights have to be on a different ticket.
Surely, as a German of all people, you are familiar with the concept of a false flag attack, [no]
The MiG-21 and the Draken had slightly higher top speed, but aside from that, the F/A-18 is a good enough interceptor.
The article is pretty bad, but it addresses a subject I haven't seen discussed much: why isn't Australia a member of the EU?
" is "Best
Second most car rentals wont give you a car unless you are 21 or over and even than ludacriss insurance will apply.
As for the news, we get way more about American politics than any other country - the Australian PM being reelected wasn't the top story on the BBC, but Sanders endorsing Clinton was.
All compliments, luckily
\>what would I do
Read 'The Open Veins of Latin America' if you've never done.
For example the 13 colonies, if they did put unreasonable tax’s on them, they could’ve retained those lands for much longer
- And last but certainly not least: ***TOOK A FUCKING HOLIDAY TO HAWAII IN THE MIDDLE OF A NATIONAL EMERGENCY***
Some of them from Dalmatia don't even understand that today they would be in Italy, not Croatia.
We can paint our faces blue again, wear skirts, and show our arses in your direction, while shouting 'Freedom' in an Australian accent?
I’ve seen a few too many episodes of Criminal Minds and have a healthy sense of paranoia…)
I made the mistake of reading some NUjij comments recently and fuck me are some people still not getting it
Ganze Flasche kostet nur zehn
Great, back to normal here, just wishing we could have visited for a white Christmas
Australia is managing it pretty perfectly.
I realize that Australia is over 16732.56 kilometres away from the continent.
Queensland becomes the new incest and vegan hotspot, and the Aboriginal population finally returns to Tasmania
same here, it's not fancy behaviour but who says we need to be fancy all the time anyway
Further more, Australia is not neighboring areas with large populations like Europe.
5 litre bottle of rum will run about 80 dollars, now imagine pitching in for everyone
If PVV makes strong gains, which is highly likely, I'll bet more French fence-sitters would feel justified in voting for FN.
Poor knowledge of country names or geography by some people should not be a reason for refusing a particular country name.
On my philosophy text I used at my Liceo he had just a one page paragraph reserved, my professor simply cited him.
Funny thing is, this letter used to be in English only a few hundred years ago
It's more popular here than in the US
I had not heard this about Australia before, why do you feel this?
>Meanwhile, Sweden's arrogant brother in the West(Norway) is and has been at 99% renewable energy for decades
I'm interested
We don't eat shrimp
few square metres of Australia in Europe to make them qualify as EU members.
Canada and Australia are already aligned with the US and Latin America used to use their alignment to play USSR and US against each other.
Other than in Queensland and Western Australia, Indigenous men were not excluded from voting alongside their non-indigenous counterparts in the Australian colonies and in South Australia, Indigenous women also acquired the vote from 1895 onward.
We're not going to change the word because of it
You can add a second flag to your flair by going into the user flair menu on the front page of the subreddit and clicking Edit flair in the top right corner (assuming you're on mobile) you'll then be able to make a custom flair, for example:
The problem with electric bikes in many places is not having somewhere to park it where it won't get stolen
They refused to accept calls from the embassy, and even when I managed to get them on the phone, they refused to speak to them.
Very intense battles being fought with armour, artillery and infantry as well as drones
But the Watch Dogs 2 reviews look quite good.
Blacks or gays or whatever is added, I hate to see a gay added and the main character JUST MAGICALLY HAPPENS to be one of the <1% of people who were okay with it during that time period
I'm aware the camps are far from ideal and the camps should be properly funded.
Oh hey that used to be the view from my apartment.
"Sup Cunt" - Australian English
Very interesting article but in the beginning they seem to say that before WWI Australia was somehow richer than France or Germany ??
So people with a medical condition that stops them from showing their skin
It could be a great place but it just felt dirty and dodgy to me
Yep
Cold
Asian but not from Asia, uses British spelling.
If you're from a first world nation, there's really no point in doing a working holiday in Australia, though.
But what was the best crime since ww2
Many of them are prepared to jump through a lot of hoops to get a one year extension.
One question came to my mind: What was going on in Australia during the european mid ages when forts were built here?
Hurricane is the word you are looking for to replace orcan
Our government having a weak PM seems like the exception, not the rule
Same in Australia- I'm living in Germany, and I can't quite wrap my head around the "du" and "Sie" usage - I understand it in a theoretical way, I just can't seem to put it into practice
In most modern places here, the hot water is instant
There are countries which belonged to western civilisation for centuries and now might not be seen as western because they ended up behind Iron Curtain (I'm now specificaly talking about most countries that joined EU in 2004).
Perhaps the most exciting and nerve-racking of these corners is Russia and Ukraine.
He was in charge after the GFC hit and bought in things like water charges etc to pay the bill off.
A massive city sitting on an island in the middle of the ocean
Why do the christian democrats have a seat when the greens are larger than them then
Canada, Australia and NZ still look pretty sane
Actually I'm more of Spanish origins...
Well the first 50,000 years is the hardest so we skim very lightly over that
Morocco was just the right size.
This is just from my observations, but seems like British people are beginning to identify less and less with Americans, but are still affectionate for Australians, New Zealanders and Canadians.
Crimea is looking good on this map
Hopefully an Indian person can chip in here
It's funny alot of the time but it's really sad when you find people dumb enough to think it's literal
I will say names often tripped me up if I was reading a book and then watched the movie and the name is pronounced completely different to how I had read it for the whole series
I can definitely second Krakow as well.
Going to Australia after school is a german national tradition by now.
So many people just give up and stay inside but I always think it's the best time, less people on the streets and you get monuments and things all to yourself!
Pretty sure almost every country on Earth has that to some degree
I think it's a council regarding the French language
Munster is also Münster but I think the double dotted Münster is German and the other is Irish
Also, Canberra is overrated, correct, no tourists go to Canberra and nobody likes Canberra, everybody hates it, but it's still overrated because it's way more shit than people think
Pool is popular to play in pubs mainly due to space issues, it would be eight ball and we tend to have a different type of ball and table (red and yellow balls).
Townsville
But you said population decline is good in Europe.
Visit Lichtenstein and Monaco every so often and would have no qualms living in either if I weren't very content where I am at present down under in Australia.
(An emu hit by a truck after the war was found with 5 bullets in its flesh and still alive
Not a good place to be in a shipwreck,thats for sure.
I'm led to believe that a lot of recent Australian wealth is due to mining and other fossil fuels.
Oh thank you very much
A gun isnt much of a threat if people know its unloaded, NATO has to at least appear functional to be an effective deterrent.
Museums/galleries loan stuff out all the time, meaning the things travel the world and are in different museums all the time
They were born the majority, they wanted to preserve that.
Don't the Germans do even worse?
The thing about that is that is taken place in foreign countries if I am not misinformed.
Any time of the day it's like a post-apocalyptic shitshow there
With 100 minutes in an hour, but that being a bigger hundred than our current decimal hundred
The USSR never achieved socialism, as the state never handed power back to the workers
Australian you encounter, adding new embellishments at every stage, and noting how strong the beer was
I emailed her, told her that my wife and I were foodies and coming over to Penang, and asked for recommendations on where a romantic dinner could be had on our honeymoon.
Couldn't the queen move to Australia instead?
Hey man, seriously don't stress about your English skills, if you are speaking English with a native speaker, it is their job to understand you regardless of how proficient you think you are
So I wouldn't worry too much
The asian part of would go under Japan, USA, Canada and Australia protectorate and the european part would be under EU occupation.
If you wanna look at your GPS or phone while driving go far right and don't create a line
The app in the screenshot is offline maps, on android, using a Bing map.
>and will be the most widely spoken language in the southern hemisphere
It's mostly Asian kids here in Australia, but there's normally at least one token shot of some smiling African kids in front of some running water
Same applies to Africans and MENA people.
Know More About Australia's Best Beach Towns with Aussie Trip Advisor
i think there was a small roman site they found a couple years back when some people found roman coins in ireland
Maybe you watch too much TV and/or movies.
Even if it was located in Europe it wouldn't join the EU.
Pakistan wasn't even part of the travel ban (which is no longer being enforced because it was insanely illegal).
RIP China, Russia, India and other wannabe "my life matters" folk.
I hadn't even thought about it in many years but this comment brought the memories back
You seem like a brilliant mind too.
Oodnadatta, Coonawarra, Illawarra, Yarrawonga, Kununurra and hundreds more
I think my list is biased to scenic cities though when there's plenty of others I think are top quality
Major engineering feats have been performed with sheets of corrugated iron, string, and mud
I've been exposed to many English accents so I usually have no problem with most of them.
You can have 5 people of the same ethnicity each with differing outlooks, viewpoints, values and culture.
Existing outside of a city
Peking is very old fashioned
European Answer: East Coast Italy doesn’t get enough recognition; Rimini, Bari, Taranto
Weirdly enough flights are half the time cheaper than a train ticket -'you can get a flight from Paris to Venice for €6, no joke.
I'm Australia we're taught that Australia is its own continent, but Australia, New Zealand, Papua New Guinea, Indonesia and a few other island nations like Tonga and Nauru are part of a REGION called Oceania, not a continent
This is why we can't have nice things
I know it sounds kinda corny and touristy, but they are the perfect traveling keepsake.
Would you call Australia the orient then?
The only ways to migrate to Australia are basically marry an Aussie, or have a skill/qualification on out skills shortage list.
I guess your government are payed actors in a drama show called “Brexit Blues”
Which is a shame because Europe has spectacular highlights the whole way east to west
Thats so weird/interesting that your language is so stagnant like that
Where I live the humidity is consistently above 90% which makes it unbearable.
They are doing extremely poorly in Belgium
"hey you *pause* yeah you *pause* get yer lawn mower *pause"* off my son" is one of the first things i heard when i visited belfast
Maybe seek out more rational allies in the EU, China and India.
Irish pronunciation I can mostly wrap my head around, but the lenition for dh I'm still completely lost about, especially when it's at the end of a word
It's mostly the scenery that's different, but their suburbs/cities/cars and roads/social structure/economic structure/sports etc is almost the same
Submarine tunnel
They could've just done that from day 1 and it would've stopped the migrant stream nearly instantly, see Australia for example.
My eyes played tricks on me
Churchill encouraged shipments of wheat from Australia to India at the Quebec conference.
I don’t know how but my hometown managed to become a big fuck off city yet is still obscure somehow
What did they teach you that a continent was
Well fuck,  I’ll need to go do some proper lessons then
I love how krakow is pretty much always the answer
But Brexit was never supposed to happen ;)
You can work fulltime at 3 days a week (work 3 days in the beginning of one week, three at the end of the next and you have a week in between to travel without taking vacation days.
Only, the Government has to run a primary budget surplus (so there's little revenue in the state's pocket to invest in projects to increase productivity) and younger labour flees to other areas in the EU (so labour cannot become more productive).
At least with respect to foreign policy.
Our government is also good at subsidising mining companies that destroy our country
Ethnicity is genetic though, it's different to culture, nationality, etc.
Their productivity is low because they were forced into communism for 90 years by your country.
That's one very specific city dialect that article is written in.
The populations of Canada, New Zealand and Australia combined are less than the population of the UK.
They express this by snorting, glaring, and walking away
Very easy place to live
If you want we can send some snakes over
The cords are worn around the left shoulder and are secure by a badge (campcraft badge if I remember correctly) on the uniform
That said, I have grown accustomed to Singaporean food too and wouldn’t eat a western meal there now
In the English-speaking world, we use this word A LOT
Australia would prefer the EU over the US?
I'd translate that to a 'longing' in English
It's not like you were learning anything there anyway because you always got in trouble
- Cold Chisel: An all around good band from the 70s/80s, wrote one of my favourite songs which is Khe Sahn
I didn't even know that accent existed in Dutch
It's like 'whom', slowly going out of usage
No matter how much I travel, there is still no place quite like home!
Is there preferential voting included in that
Not sure I trust my car to cross the nullarbor though...
Invite an Australian to your house and watch then cry as you download their entire Steam Library, delete it, and download it again faster than it takes them to download a single game.
Australia has a lot of great bands:
Can we just say it was a joint effort please
He was an absolute dipshit
Flair checks out
Was this Romania's way of opposing communism?
In the winter, there will be mornings with frost on the grass and cars
>A follow-up study by Kent Wildlife Trust in 2019 used the same methodology as the RSPB survey and resulted in 50% fewer impacts
Canada and Australia don't use them on carriers either.
The integrity of Christianity has fared well with scientific advancements, considering other religions have been disproven by the big bang, or by climbing a mountain.
Mustache man Austrian, mustache man rule Germany instead of Austria, Austria not blamed for mustache man
We thought we were going to do really well at first, and were happy with our selection.
There's definitely a shared Anglosphere pop culture.
If we're talking within the confines of Europe, perhaps any country with a North Sea coastline.
This is considered the third most embarrassing known way to die, and Australians don't talk about it much
Genocide has to be intentional.
In a very platonic way, but still.
I like names like
Thanks for the budget advice, as long as I don't get over and find myself running dry halfway 3/4 through the trip I'm happy.
Not European, but as an Australian:
Still holds true to some extent.
Thank you so much I really appreciate it.
Don't forget to charge for membership
I would definitely use the Eureka stockade flag instead ***IF*** it hadn't been hijacked by nationalists who use it as a symbol of Australian Fascism
In winter for us it sets at 17:00 but we are getting 20:00 sunsets in summers while yours set at midnight or something in summer
They were horrified and I think I caused some people to have a heart attack from the anxiety of it all
The Eureka stockade was about workers rights and freedom from colonial oppression, not fascism
Well Chinese soliders train here every year.
How was it an accident
P.S. I'm not a tankie, I'm an anarchist
I guess now it *is* a proper word
It hasn't stopped boat arrivals, just made it many times more expensive to deal with.
Did I use the word forcibly or did you?
They were just being silly, because the French for "days" looks a bit like it might mean "years".
You guys are going to hate me, but mixing ketchup and mayonnaise is next level yum
*The* best place, like there is nothing above and we are the uncontested #1 place to live?
The EU needs new markets, and with the US proving problematic it may be time for a pivot towards asia, in particular Australia and China, maybe some deals with India and Iran are possible.
At least Moldova can into sea now
There's no need to deal with any company or anything like that to arrange it, you can do it all yourself.
I was taking off and putting on jackets and gloves and hats and scarves and all sorts of bullshit constantly
I can’t stop imagining WW2 in this comment
Surely folks know about Cardiff and Belfast
- Undermining climate change policies (which he has been doing for years) despite the overwhelming evidence pointing towards CC being the main reason the bushfires were so bad this year
So Australia in Eurovision has payed of?
It just blows my mind that America is apparently so "big and diverse", and manages to only need two parties whose only differences are that one is slightly less bastardly than the other.
The main point is that the people aren't in Australia, and therefor don't have access to Australian courts, and therefor don't have any chance to get asylum in Australia.
25 for them is long sleeve, for me it's a t-shirt
It's exactly the same everywhere.
Australian
To get those speeds in Australia it can cost anywhere from $150-$600 a month
I've never been to the UK, but I feel like the UK wouldn't feel as foreign to me as the US/Canada do
Navalny Calls Minsk Accords A Priority If Elected President
Classmate - "eeShporte"
15960912% per year then 6 years is only an extra 0
Dunno what else would be different
It is nearly as ridiculous as its name, and spends its life digging holes in the ground, in which it hides
since if you're concerned about (say) going to Germany, then I'm not sure what makes you consider Australia, Japan, etc will be inherently 'better' (but then I started traveling during the peak of the Iraq war, when anti-American sentiment was very high, people would sew a maple leaf to their backpack ...
Hot diggity
Trenitalia isn’t too bad and they’re generally on time from my memory,  but it was always a toss up on what platform the train would arrive at lmao
Emboldened by this, I would take a French class, after which I think learning Spanish would be easier (than it would have been previously
Did we get invited to the party cos we get invited to Eurovision now
In Australia we specifically don’t ask about you
We have cities (Again, look at a fucking map)
If i was to put my money on who would find a way to benefit from a USA trade war against the world, I'd be putting money on the chinese before anyone else.
their (negative) experiences are not granted to be representative of the entire population's
Just try and get yourself a Europe holiday every July and August and then you enjoy the best of both worlds
Aboriginal women in Australia, as well as aboriginal men, did not receive the vote until 1962?
But our larges are probably like a medium in The US
But this may I'll get my 37th country's stamp in my passport.
They are, but they're offering them terrible contracts, so they go to work in Australia and New Zealand instead.
The younger generation seem to be very good at masking their accent
But [Wikipedia has a surprisingly
There's a lot to be said for it.
Like the Western front was as far away from Berlin to my house to Sydney
Was in a lift with two ladies from former Yugoslavia speaking in their own language, didn't think much of it as that's pretty normal in Australia
Repost
Economically, Turkey and the MEast combined are midgets compared to Europe.
Digging holes in the hard
Yes you are correct on the taking in of south American refugees, but I was talking about the immigration law that Malcolm wants to pass now that was introduced to parliament this week that would stop anyone who has attempted to reach Australia in a boat from ever visiting Australia, regardless if it is in 50 years time and they are now citizens of a western country.
We organised a 10 day trek through the Altai mountains.
That's like saying there are countries that have a strong aversion to slicing off the lower half of the left nipple.
What bullshit, Christopher Columbus discovery was far more important, it permanently established communication between the Americas and Europe and started the mass colonization that would occur
Has she ever ruled out private German firms taking over NHS services?
To be honest sister and I are both focused so much on Budapest we have left the other two very blurry.
Every Australian knows at least part of it, it's basically our unofficial anthem
Large corporates in Greece, by being in the Euro, don't need to worry about inflation being used as a soft kind of wealth redistribution.
When we first went in 2012, we stayed in Drašnice with a lady who'd lived in Australia for a few decades, and now lived there with her husband who was a local.
I was expecting it to be awful but it was actually alright
Please fucking go ahead Zucc
BEEEENNNNNZIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIN!!!
The translations really don't work, too many local references or language jokes.
You've had one Austrian overlord, and that didn't turn out well
very nice
DAS REICH IST SEHR SCHLAU
In Holland and France it's similar, with even the left side not being very pro migration anymore (thanks to pressure from the right?)
Yet you want modern and cultural why don't you keep your travels actually in South East Asia.
I know the beginning of the French anthem thanks to the Beatles
People are still in denial about these issues
>the little volcano of coffee
I love it
Sorry for the rant
You know how there's American, British, Australian English etc.
When I said follow Australia's immigration policy I didn't mean refusal of abortion to a raped woman.
If they wanted a Central Anatolian city as capital, Konya seems to be more suitable since its at least the capital of the Sultanate of Rum.
You can get a US passport as long as you don't owe child support and aren't on any watch lists.
I've been to many countries around the world, but as far as driving around Australia, my furthest north is Bowen, QLD, furthest south is Phillip Island, VIC, and furthest west is Adelaide.
That's fair
Sure that was the same reasoning that Assange was not extradited too
About 2 months ago I was loving the present and barely thought about travelling.
The most important factor for me is population size, which, in combination with the isolation of the USA results in its own industries, most importantly for stuff like entertainment.
It's very rare to call someone anything other than their first name, even children call adults by first name (unless it's a teacher)
I'm looking to work/travel in Australia.
day* at least for Belgium
Bannon knows that (the evil Wizard behind the throne).
I don't get it :(
I see, odd to call them Dutch then
In Serbia middle names such as ones that are given (in english and other languages) don’ t really exist
International Rules is a weird beast as a sport for a bunch of reasons
We would get about 45 minutes for lunch and we get approx.
Prague definitely beats that with [the Žižkov TV Tower] that looms over the city.
>No other EU country has English as an official language however
Rookie numbers
I think this is maybe where Australians/Americans etc have a different mindset to Europeans (although as per usual, Americans have to take the concept to the extreme)
We should outlaw foreign imams, period.
Omg "éblabla" might be the funniest/strangest word I've ever seen lol
As if same-sex marriage has ever hurt anyone.
Nice part of the country imo
Ontario is beautiful, if you're old enough it's definitely worth renting a car (preferably a 4x4) and just finding some national parks to drive around and drive to different ski fields and sights.
I'm Australian and don't understand why every other country doesn't have MANDATORY voting
It's almost like Austria and Australia.
We could really use that in Australia.
Frosts were frequent but not to the extend as shown in this picture
"Noodle salad with cancer flesh"
higher discipline in Catholicism, more liberalism in Lutheranism?
It is what it is
You tend to notice the humidity more when its hot, as you sweat more to cool off, but your sweat doesn't evaporate as fast
Yes, a black panther
Switzerland got ranked the best place in the world to live and Canada was second, with the UK 3rd.
I didn't say all Australians, I said many Australians and those many I've seen personally.
Luckily it was a red bellied black snake which, although are extremely venomous, tend to piss off the second they sense anybody near them
Since then we just have banter with each other and argue about who invented Pavlova and the appropriate name for a thong (flip flop, or jandal in uncultured places)
In instances like that, you won't be going toe-to-toe against the government conventionally but conduct a guerrilla insurgency.
The north coast of Australia covers around 2500milles and the North African coast from Algeria to Egpyt is only about 1500miles.
If you add it back they are almost on par with Scandinavia with less than half the social safety net and working 50% more hours
As a result of all this hardship, dirt, thirst, and wombats, you would expect Australians to be a dour lot
Travelling To Sydney Australia.Why Not Arrive In Style Using Our Premium Airport Pickup Service In Modern Sedan's And Luxury 7 Seater.Fixed Upfront Best Rates,Tolls Inclusive,Secure Payments.
What's there to do in and around Aarhus?
" ... "And that's why the rest of the world laughs at us
What does that membership entail?
Can we have more context
I'm moving there soon from Australia, and, do you notice it when you've visited there from other EU countries?
We don't bitch about those
My "regions" are bigger than the average
- Undermining climate change policies (which he has been doing for years) despite the overwhelming evidence pointing towards CC being the main reason the bushfires were so bad this year
Why would somebody prefer to go to the US or Australia than Germany?
I actually know a lot about Singapore but this always sticks in my head and no one has mentioned it
I don't mind Pauline Hanson as a senator to be honest, although I completely disagree with nearly all her policies - its the absolute downright nuts she brings along with her like Culleton and Roberts, who think they are gods gift to the Australian people that I can't stand.
00-18
Would suggest Japan over Thailand unless you want to sit on beaches.
My Dad has lived the expat life for 30 years nearly and I doubt he will leave.
Why don't you understand this
In fact not only is the language rarely preserved in Australia, but Irish as an "ethnic identity" usually is faded after the 2nd or 3rd generation
I would feel terrible booking this one and missing the one reason we are in the United States.
As an Australian, it is my duty to go "pfft
But they do spread the general Turkish message and keep every muslim of Turkish heritage with a constant line of Turkish dogmas with an emphasis on the Turkishness of the mosque-goers.
The Great Barrier Reef - one of my favorite experiences from my month in Australia
From untermensch to white man's paradise in less than 100 years.
This happened because instead of being given socialised housing all in one shithole we were basically made to get a job and support ourselves...
In Australia, eggs are refrigerated, unless you bought them from a farmer's market or something
That sounds like a great description of what you just demonstrated.
Personally I was much happier once I was out of Manila, I just couldn't get used to how hectic the city is.
Nice flair
My native language is Arabic, what i like about it is that when you meet other Arabs they all switch to standard Arabic
Still I quite like it tbf
Ah yes but mustache man make Germany do big bad bad and Austria did little bad bad so Germany blamed for big bad bad
To be fair it also says Nazism and not fascism, the two most evil brands of an already pretty evil pair of ideologies
I always just type what I think until autocorrect takes over, it’s the f/g/v combo that gets me I think
This is peak inter-Scandinavian violence
I ask because the cities I've been to both here in Australia and in Norway only took me a couple of days.
There was a study of reddit comment sections, that found out that 80% of reddit threads with over 1000 comments mention hitler in someway or another
>(exceptions I know about are Russia, Poland, USA),
I can't speak for Australia, but the US would no let them drown.
The first of the confusing things about Australia is the status of the place
Some areas in the South West (definitely Dorset, not sure about others), cars are masculine
That's true
But it was absolutely lovely, and I've been back to visit more often
You'd think that a bottle of wine in a British supermarket from Spain or France would be significantly cheaper than one from Chile, South Africa, or Australia.
When I hear the Dutch speaking, my first thought is that I've had a stroke
I used to regularly google earth Australia and get sights like this.
It's basically a stereotype in Australia too.
Often
"The windows here, they only open or close
In Australia our school years run with the calendar year, so I'll be with this class until December.
no addresses, employment and contact information etc.).
Despite being Greek (i was born in Australia and have never visited) I had no idea that frappe thing was so popular
We don't bitch about those
Everything you have just said about networks, replace Telekom with Telstra and your comment would be absolutely correct in an Australian conversation.
Most Australians would disagree, but yes - they're both fucking disgusting.
They can be divided into three categories: Poisonous, Odd, and Sheep
It's natural, that doesn't mean it's normal.
And what's the average in your country
Australian beaches are simply the nicest and best in the entire world
Wouldn't sound out of place here, although it's quite often pronounced 'shell'
If you will be eating food from fancy restaurants or if you just pick stuff up from markets.
> a few miles
But when I went to Valletta it felt like London just in the mediterranean
Not weird in being bad, but in being 'odd'.
Merkel isn't ideal, but she's definitely the best of the options available to Germany right now.
Bialystok I found to be a pretty interesting city.
More like a bukkaczek
Steak is also a large part of Argentine, Australian, etc.
English-speaking media lie a lot, but the rest of the Euro media are free from bias?
They ran 2 lessons of this and then realised that teaching primary school kids the opposite of what they have been doing their whole lives was a shit idea and dropped the program entirely
Jesus where do I start
There is a way - EU would have to follow Australia's lead and start Operation Sovereign Borders
Where are the majority of Scottish Gaelic speakers based
It's a small minority but it really discredits the ukranian narrative.
We did your exact itinerary on the Carnival Breeze last year out of Miami.
Escalating the requests never got anyone to do their job either, even for urgent issues with flights.
As I posted in the descriptions on the imgur pictures, the cliffs are absolutely amazing and I recommend them to anyone if you are in the south of France.
Rather than sounding like Mario they’re accent seemed to have more bass
(Hopefully not at the same time but I can't promise anything)
Theres
When the US send their army in...
Isn't this to do with the Iberian peninsula's time zone offset from the solar day though
I think Spain won
Dublin on St Paddys day is not fun.
kinda like Austria/Australia or Budapest/Bucharest.
Australian PhDs got refused residency or the right to bring their spouse and kids to the UK, but a Romanian or Slovakian could have no problems whatsoever.
Am I understanding this correctly in that the bilateral visa waiver (BVW) overrides the Schengen conditions but only if an Australian visits one of the countries who are signatories to it at the *end* of a Schengen visa trip?
Build a hydralisk
Coincidentally, we also have a city called Newcastle just north of Sydney
I really disliked the Churchill episode but one of my biggest gripes with modern content is how they whitewash things
The way I see it, Trump will last 4 years at most, and a trade deal would stick around for a hell of a lot longer.
I guess we might have higher plumbing standards or something
How do you survive
"A satellite image of the enclosed harbor with the reported tunnel exit visible just above and to the left of the dock
(Look up Opal Tower for more context)
Take it from someone that moved to Europe from Australia five years ago and has lived in three countries and visited almost all in Europe during that time.
Chzechia*
Head South West, to France and Italy!
Good
In Australia, perhaps you would've spent 10 dollarydoos.
Like a water technical
Like Guy Sebastian stole Australian idol 2003 from nolsy
Hahah I guess I will have to stick with that
One of my hometowns is actually [more than 8 times bigger by area] ...but then it was once also *the largest city in the world* (only by area), until it was surpassed by some rural town in Australia.
Here, it's "woof woof" for a dog
I'd say there were a number of factors that came into it.
I think there is already plenty of effort to make in English.
Here we’re taught the continents are Australia, Asia, North America, South America, Antarctica, Europe and Africa
Anglophone countries disproportionately receive the best immigrants.
Trump didn't even have to do anything and Clinton was already under fire for her emails, something inappropriate she *did*, as opposed to *say*.
Greetings from Australia
I personally do not want to live under a communist government
She could save many more people by taking in ZERO that come to Europe illegally and taking an Australian approach.
Don't listen to these people OP, Europe is still full of evil nazi commie fascist scum!
Ayutthaya was amazing - did you get a pic of the famous Buddha head with tree roots growing all around it at Wat Mahathat?
They express this by snorting, glaring, and walking away
All your money comes from Centrelink, a government service that provides money to those who need it
Same shitty speeds, doesn't mean a thing when the cables are so old
We're also taught that North and South America are seperated, infact this post is the first I've heard of them being called 1 continent
It would be the equivalent of you guys with a Germanic loanword, which I assume you guys have
Haha, I see, well I guess Google has proven that I'm incorrect
Edit: this can also include dental hygienists
I've heard multiple times that Americans nob longer use shall
or maybe something a little more [analytical...]
The houses are attached to multiple mooring poles
"Papers" is a generic, collective term for documents.
This is how English was written 500 years ago
I've read it over and over and I think that is right.
Another Danish ice cream association
Native speakers who struggle to understand a foreign accent usually have never travelled, or have poor listening skills
Christmas Eve here is mostly just another day, and all celebrations are done on Christmas Day (25th)
Disappears quickly and doesn't stay
People complain about the smell in Venezia
Australia
CDU is pretty right wing by German Standards.
Cows milk
In winter for us it sets at 17:00 but we are getting 20:00 sunsets in summers while yours set at midnight or something in summer
Yup
What does Australia have to do with this exactly?
Much of the chemical smell disappears in a day or less
Hahah "child" irrelevant spare prison incase Australia is overcrowded you mean.
Are you in Rome as a clergyman?
Wait, what's this Donald duck episode
I believe it's a large part of our nations ethos.
And that will end up with those centers end up being staffed with psycho and sociopaths, which is what happens in the Australian ones.
I'm more surprised about anybody using anything else than Pain au chocolat.
Germany needs to take a hardline approach without impacting citizens rights.
Australia being similar to New Zealand, chicken is most common and everything else is pretty rare, but in some very (very) rural areas, emu meat isn't an uncommon sight
Tipping is rare here
In Oceania, Kiwis are called the sheep shaggers
A lot of people were deported to Australia by the British, which is how a lot of Irish people ended up there.
But in flight when you can use your phone, the GPS is usable in flight mode, or is possible to enable in flight mode.
And I'm just wondering if this "global work and travel company" has been helpful to anyone here / if they've had good/bad experiences through them.
This literally helped me when I was lagging behind in school as a small child; I was allowed to stay awake past my bed time, provided I was reading in bed
In QLD, Australia you don't need to
Australia has one of the greediest governments in the world
Australia and New Zealand probably.
China, they already own so much of our land through shady deals so a land-invasion doesn’t seem so far fetched
A friend of me from Australia got a working visa.
Australian winter really is the best summer.
Bloody kiwi's
When the imperialist power holding the reins starts saying everyone has to chip in that's when you start preparing for there not being that protection much longer.
You will wake up late the next day with an astonishing hangover, a foul-taste in your mouth, and wearing strange clothes
wtf look at the size of it I'd siege it in a week
Australia is actually really easy to immigrate to for skilled labor.
Recipes are most certainly welcome :)
When I was visiting Malta (beautiful country btw) I ignorantly thought that the official language was actually Italian
Keep in mind this is the top gear crowd but [this] video demonstrates that driving a lorry is a lot hard than you'd think.
The tank in question was the last of its kind, called the Mephisto, now resides in a war museum in Brisbane, Australia
I really hope we don't join the USA and the UK.
and the US is, these days, just for quick visits.
Needless to say, I now am drawn in by literally everything that happens there as its so interesting
The idea of a nation encompassing all german-speaking peoples in Europe, uniting them under one banner
But how sweet would it be if everything was duodecimal and our number system was base 12
I would appreciate any help you could give.
And interestingly, since my father was born in the UK I'm fairly certain that makes me a British citizen too
I think Britain would agree with you, and wanted to leave until they remembered all they have in the fridge at home is pickles and mayonnaise
For perspective, Texas' GDP is about equal to Canada or Australia.
Yea well I love traveling so I will simply have to keep pushing my boundaries.
Brits are far worse for sure, including Tasmanians and Australian natives, crimes in India and in America too before they evolved into being Americans.
but the moment we criticize America, everyone gets all upset, because they're seen almost like our big brother, and England our mother who we barely call.
I'm not baking anything in an oven
It really doesn't take long for you to adjust
The agenda of the Anglophone is to unify all Western nations into one nation, *with Anglophones on top*, while I support this agenda, it must be the other way round.
Awesome stuff
We all already have free trade between us bar the UK (as it is an EU member).
I've posted this elsewhere but it really does help so I though I'd share:
No tips as I haven't done something similar myself but happy early birthday, sounds like it'll be a ton of fun!
The best description I ever heard was "A Chris deBurge song with lights and churches".
She moved here with no problems at all really, she says she feels more comfortable and like she fits in better here than back home.
I've done a few years in the UK office then, a few months after the referendum, I asked for a transfer.
I'm from Melbourne, Aus, so I know the coffee wont be the best :P Personally I'm into outdoors, nature, nice indoor clubs/pubs, any camping spots would be really appreciated also!
The British empire and American interventionism put an English foothold all over Eastern Europe just like the Brits did in India.
A lot of things we don't like are also natural.
Apparently European values go out the door once the 'wrong' kind of people start using them.
They called bombers and artillery to distract German machine guns on the other side of NML, then rushed to tank and hauled it behind friendly lines with a chain and brute strength
This is far more common than you'd expect sadly, in Australia anyway.
Are you talking about the original film shot in the 1970s? Because that was filmed in Munich of all places
Madlad
Bonus: [Australian Minister for Defence]
Karma Group All-In To Support Western Australian Rugby
So from the news articles I have read it is targeted at all Australians travelling to London.
This is the most poetic thing I’ve ever read on Reddit
There are many cottages, hotels and motels available in Taree.
How did they get the girls from simply irresistable
I heard with enough orphan blood, even mortal wounds can be regenerated by our Lizard Queen, Lizzie
I'm laid back though so I have that going for me
UK would be by far easiest to get into as an Australian.
TL:DR Australia is its own continent, Oceania is a region, North and South America are seperated
But there are other wonderful places to see as well.
We don't have freedom of movement with Australia, for example, but still they come.
In particular, I'd recommend Tallinn, Vilnius and krakow
Cunt = Mate
I think I did answer it pretty well, my main issue is with the US government, not the people at all
Madlads
Irish, Australians, Kiwis, Canadians, Yanks.
Most of my teachers had American accents because they had lived in the US or Canada.
Vatican City and San Marino are Groovin’
I am a HUGE Los Angeles hater but he's talking 3-4 days out of 9 weeks and from LA they're headed to the Grand Canyon so it wouldn't make much sense to go to SF and getting to San Diego and back wouldn't be worth it for 3 days after the long flight from Australia.
Noosa Australia and cinque terre Italy!
It's like 'whom', slowly going out of usage
As an American, most European accents sound the same.
Any immigration reform will be reciprocal, so if it is easier for an Australian citizen to move to the UK it will also be easier for a UK citizen to move to Australia.
But anything organic that has been "deep-frozen" will quickly decay
Yup
The far right is certainly exaggerating but ironically Eastern Europe is all for limiting immigration unless it isn't their own people.
Why would a Swiss-style direct democracy be unable to function in a Eurozone of 500 million people?
Excuse me but that actually sounds like a good film lmao
Your hosts will usually make sure you get home, and waive off
I think it's frozen in time now
Australia has a deal with an external country where it can ship the intercepted migrants to.
Well like I said, any Australia related one.
I'm not going to agree with you that charities are bad things.
There are none in Finland
I worked with two Finnish dudes in Australia, and both of them fit the stereotype
One of the nicest views I have ever seen.
In Australia as well and they’re mostly guaranteed to be clean
But if it took them 307 years to get 49% of people on the side of becoming independent, a rate of 0
How do the contries justify this, especially those like Finland that offer civil service as an alternative?
Flip it upside down so people get confused between Poland and Indonesia like they do with Chad and Romania
There's been much more about it with Trump running.
"G'Day
Forget about Muslims, even white Europeans feel hard to integrate and be accepted in Nordic societies.
Hence Australia and South Africa are in the "west".
Norway also exports hundreds of billions of NOK in oil and gas
Mostly to chat with my old buddies, really.
On global statistics also very often US, Canada, Australia, Singapore and Japan.
Enough to know the difference between first past the post, absolute majority polls and the Dutch representative Dhont system and their coalition formation history not too dissimilar from our own albeit simpler.
Good that it worked out for you!
plus all of the rights and freedoms you guys get as well
You made me really want to try a European schnitzel now xD
Does Australia, NZ, USA or Canada have an indigenous president and are most of their inhabitants indigenous like Bolivia?
I much prefer just drinking on beach bars with people from hostels.
The Turks here saying how biased this subreddit is and how “Turkey bad, Greece good” it is, but when I go on r/Turkey, there’s 50 posts straight of the invasion
He should get out and get some fresh air, some sunshine, go for a hike in the wilderness, reconnect to nature, get eaten by a bear.
Weren't they there in one Masterchef episode?
Melbourne is a fantastic city, and would recommend basing yourself there if choosing between the two if you have to choose - there are some good day trip options, my old favourites were:
If you're flying from Australia I'd recommend you extend your trip.
As a 27y old guy living in a Covid free country is there anything I should be ticking off my list before I hit 30
We have the monstrosity known as Mamungkukumpurangkuntjunya Hill
Not to mention in France the hundreds of war material dug up by farmers after being left there in WW1, and the Zone Rouge where humans aren’t allowed
You people have tricolour privilege!
Including Russia, if not for Britain and it's allies
The membership list of this club varies quite considerably depending on the author but at its core are the English-speaking “Five Eyes” countries of Australia, New Zealand, Canada and the United States.
In the UK there is basically only one employer if you want to work in healthcare, so there is shit all competition for them.
Australia has actually floated that idea...
As long as it comes at the end of the trip, and an Australian leaves the whole Schengen area immediately afterwards, it should mean being able to stay longer in the Schengen zone in those specified countries.
That doesn't even include all the state and local welfare programs.
I think the Italian and San Marino governments should meet to arrange lifting the entirety of San Marino country out of Italy, and swapping it with that little island (Pantelleria) down south
The add ons are fine, you can easily click them away if you don't care about stuff like where you're sitting - the true killer is the location of the airport.
Check
People everywhere are just different
Australia has one of the greediest governments in the world
definitely, provided you spend at least 6 or so hours or so out and about each though.
While their different terminoligy like "nae" is considered "Modern Scottish English", it's just like how the Australians sound odd.
And I guess you guys used to be in a union with Czechia as well, so that may have had an impact
Because it's advertised as an Australian drink.
I would just die
"Australia is a very confusing place, taking up a large amount of the bottom half of the planet
If you have, you'll realise why it's not commonly eaten in Australia
Koreans too man
Oi, keep your 3rd world hands off my bloody language!
Once or twice is fine, but it's become a massive trend lately and I hate it
Good idea, but do migrants always move to their closest neighbours?
I love it
His opponents spent billions trying to slander him and all they could find was a couple of inappropriate comments....
Pretty bland
I like names like
Wondering how it is in Europe
So if you could send it to use it would be great!
My motherland (UK):
Are Hawaii and Texas way more similar than New Zealand and Australia?
Mate, I'm in an airport in Canberra with the missus and we were glong through all the pics of the castles and this pops up.
I'm not hugely familiar with the French system but it is two elections with no preferencing right
According to Americans, government investing money in education/healthcare/infrastructure = socialism
My adopted home (AU): Immigration Museum in Melbourne
I think it has all but lost meaning.
And so on
The first non-stop Kangaroo route.
even in the netherlands
I'm flying Delta/Virgin Australia so I shouldn't have to change terminals
Saying that all of Russia was in Asia, Papua New Guinea was a sole island, that we’re going to run out of water (then I mentioned de-salination and she said it’s “to advanced a concept”) As you can probably tell I’ve had horrible geography teachers, also yes I corrected them, but they rejected my ideas
A very well presented modern style of museum that I found engaging and relatable
People just adapt to different temperatures
Spricht Deutsche du hurensohn
I have a Pentax K3 and carry a 18-135mm and 10-20mm.
First, a short history: Some time around 40,000 years ago, some people arrived in boats from the north
It's a race against time to find stuff as the ice recedes
Isn't that Spanish
Well if we look at the calls with Mexico and Australia it seems that maintaining a good relationship with this madman is anyway an exercise in walking on egg shells.
Nationalism is not a bad thing.
I also thought Katowice had a bit of rugged charm and thought the Silesian museum there was fantastic
thats Atlantis
Luckily mainstream parties have finally opened their eyes and started a clean up.
and the LNP are keeping the country that invented WiFi in the past
I think he's Austrian not Australian.
I though this said Australians and was wondering why it was here and was boutta comment on it
Canada, Australia, New Zealand, Japan, Singapore, I'd vote yes.
Not from Europe, but judging on history and modern times, who owns which piece of land
I don't smoke though so I couldn't give you exact prices
Do what you used to and launch them from Australia
It's pretty juxtaposed compared to the rest of Prague.
I thought that was only something you'd see in Nevada (which I did)
Only thing I've heard people criticise the EU for
Glad they take part in all that silly stuff coming out of Europe!
The lack of shipping, American support in the region and other provinces in India refusing to send their surplus caused the famine.
It really feel like paradise to do a "Tour d'Europe" of cheeses.
> Colonial Australia is intriguing to me
So - in the end - we'll be living in comparable situations, but you'll be able to save more and spend more in areas where there is no disparity - e.g.
So it's not the same sovereignty issue.
As for foreign born population, I'm afraid America is 13th behind 8 European countries, Canada, Israel, Australia and New Zealand, and at a very similar level to several others.
Sure
How dare you
It takes 28 hours to drive there from Adelaide, the closest city to it, and the only road between the 2 cities is only a 2 lane road
I'll have my fingers crossed for a trade/movement deal with Australia/Canada myself.
Sorry Belgium
Australia is basically hot England.
Australia is a good boy, he turned his life around
Right now Europe is spending billions on refugees and development aid to African countries.
Also, you can be as specific as you want.
Harder to sneak *out* of East Germany into West Berlin
So what essentially is being asked is if Australian Wheat destined for the UK, who's population is also struggling, should be given to Bengal because the largely home run regions of India dont want to share their own stocks.
What are the most horrible atrocities your country committed in their history
We are pretty much isolated from the rest of the world.
idk dude I know some eastern European people whose eyebrows can't go up if they try and Greeks whose skin is plump and wrinkle free well into their 50s - I wouldn't be surprised if literally anybody had botox but it's not necessary to explain a Greek not having wrinkles
That can only really be said of the countries where there were few native inhabitants in the area and that were either killed or displaced by settlers, i.e Canada, Australia, USA.
If you listen to older English, the silent letters make sense because they used to actually be pronounced, and the vowels were pronounced consistently
I consider it to be halfway between English and German
Just be nice and keep an open mind and you should be ok.
But, your ruling party practically is fundamentalist christian.
I think the owner is Polish tbf
*  In terms of execution and general swishness, TfL London Transport Museum
Sweet water
This exists in Australia too but I don't think it's regional and it seems like dinner is taking over anyway
> Und fortan singen Deine Söhne:
So the only winners in Greece from the eurozone are the top 1%.
Choices galore in one of the world’s best honeymoon destinations: Australia
Well no, UK, Canada, Australia and NZ are all wealthy too so that contributes to it
Pretty much when I got my first full time job.
The top Aussie schools are similar to really good state schools in the US.
Isn't being friends with someone a good enough reason to defend them?
Outside of Asia, the US was first with it's Rebalance to Asia.
+1 In Yangon I decided for kicks I'd go eat at the only KFC in Myanmar.
Is that where they mine the cheese
I wonder how their coverage is in the pacific north west
Mustard is yummy, I'm willing to give it a try
I think it comes down to things that would be tiring to list like accent, clothes, tipping culture, beers they drink, sports they watch or play, etc.
Lofoten only started blowing up a couple years ago no
We're better equipped to deal with their lunacy, than the semi failed state of Syria.
Perth, it's the second most isolated city in the world (1st is Hawaii), and the 1st most isolated on land
Why is central Anatolia and all of the Middle East desert
Everything wants to kill you in Australia - weather, flora, and fauna
Australia is known to be one of the toughest countries on Earth in the way they enforce their immigration laws.
The main game is snooker in terms of "proper" pool / snooker halls.
Those sheep fuckers need to get their game on
Don't know if it's changed since I was there a few years ago but hostels were about the same price as hotels.
Everybody should be able to move everywhere if it's a humanitarian argument.
Population density is quite interesting.
4% 14+  67
What the fuck did WE do
I met some cool people, but it was pretty impossible to get to know non-exchange students well
If you're referring to the way it was in Britain and commonwealth countries like 70 years ago, no one knows or uses that system anymore
Exactly
It probably is supposed to be Belgium, but I wouldn't know why.
It's the initial flight halfway around the planet that's the big expense; your local travel once you're there won't matter as much.
I always thought of Australians as British cowboys.
I have heard swedes say that, hence why I wrote it,
By 1911, the remaining Australian states had legislated for women's suffrage for state elections....
He also filmed it so there's a good YouTube video out there if you don't wanna commit to a book.
Leaving the US off the list because I didn't particularly enjoy my time living there (not saying it's bad, just didn't really click with me).
I know how progressive scales work, marginal not acerage, but its still a ridiculously high rate that makes social mobility hard due to low net income with limited variability, especially for such middle class incomes.
Not perfectly East-West, but variety in location there
ayy boaty mcboatyface fan here aswell
You can find references to him all over the country, almost always involving his iconic helmet and armour
The whole point of sanctions is that they work best if as many countries as possible agree to them.
If a person happens to put their hand down a Wombat hole, the Wombat will feel the disturbance and think "Ho
While it may sound petty, I think that constantly adding "former Soviet republic" when mentioning the countries is no longer necessary 26 years after the fact as it does not define what these countries are anymore, just like saying former Nazi republic of Germany, former fascist state of Italy, or former Yugoslav republic of Slovenia, former British colony of India, former British colony of United States of America, former British colony of Australia, formerly British Ireland, former French colony of Morocco, formerly Danish Iceland, formerly Greek city of Istanbul and so on.
>I have to wait for the hot water to kick in
discovered the primary use of electricity, which is air-conditioning and refrigerators
[giggles in Australian]
Get ready for the return of happy Tea times.
Even though it’s basically in the title
The soldiers were volunteers so you are obviously wrong.
Historic ones are the PLC, Unification of Poland by the Piasts
Those are British names
Wolf Blass Red Label Pink Moscato NV South Eastern Australia
I was listening to an Australian guy on the radio the other day who runs an expat team in Berlin.
Different places coined to different standards, so there were exchange rates.
* Housing can be located on the dam wall, opening up the wall to be a population centre as well, especially for those who work on the wall in the ongoing industries mentioned above
I believe due to WW2 memories
Yep pretty much
My first ancestor out here was an Irish convict
I know I want to do the hike to Matka Canyon, and if on the off chance Vitosha is not under snow I'd like to do that as well (I'd skip seeing the city to do a hike) but other than that I don't really have anything else planned so I was hoping to get some advice/tips from a subreddit that always pulls through :)
"we need to break the cycle" no what you're saying is you want to kidnap children and indoctrinate them.
lol that's brilliant
Well thats a new side of Australia I've never seen.
I enjoyed Naples, probably because I was expecting the worst but was pleasantly surprised by the decayed charm of the place
I've made an observation that this group is mainly Jewish, which is why if you look at diaspora elections the countries that liberal parties win are the a United States, Canada and Israel whereas Russians in Europe, Australia, the near abroad (former Soviet Union) and expatriates in Dubai/Singapore/Hong Kong mostly vote for Edinaya Rossiya.
>so I guess we’re continuing with feet on both sides
jellyfish, stonefish (a fish which sits on the bottom of the sea, pretends to be a rock, and has venomous barbs sticking out of its back that will kill just from the pain) and surfboarders
Llanfair­pwllgwyngyll­gogery­chwyrn­drobwll­llan­tysilio­gogo­goch incorrectly, an Eldritch Abomination will be summoned
>the little volcano of coffee
I'm Aussie with a Serbian background and just taught that from Serbian friends
Another Danish ice cream association
Wish my dog wouldn't kill them
The existing systems (USA, Canada, Australia) all ask for those.
It's too well ingrained into the language with the current meaning
It was Obamacare rate raises and the Anthony Weiner sexting/FBI case reopening that put Trump over the line
You don't understand how the average voter think, do you?
Close enough I guess
It's about €2100/month in Australia, and the tax free threshold is $18,000/year and then it's 9.7%.
No cause the French ones, Dutch ones, Canadian ones and Australian ones would probably run them very similarly to the way they are now.
22 today on the Illawarra coast, jeans and a tshirt for me
---However, this franchise did not apply to Indigenous women, who did not get the vote for federal elections until 1962, as did all Indigenous men, and in all States until 1967---
We'd have to change a lot of rules in a way that would probably look awkward in the same way Australia looked.
Mount Kosciusko is around 2,228 metres tall, and was *"discovered" and named by the Polish explorer Pawel Strzelecki
Why are all the county names of Ireland pretty close between Irish and English, but then Dublin is Bhaile Átha Cliath
Fucking bs
**Language/Exchange**: Similar as with Czech or Croatian - we can just talk in our native tongues and understand most of what each are saying.
I love Canada, Australia and New Zealand, but I definitely feel more European.
I recently found out that the Nethelands has, on average, one of the fastest interpret connection in both Europe and the wold.
Do they sell egg spam sausage and spam
I was pretty good at spelling bees for this reason, my vocabulary wasn't that big but I could sound things out and with words that have silent letters, you can usually figure out where they go (like a double letter or a h)
A few weeks ago there were massive fires and many people were evacuated, well some people took advantage of this and decided to dress up as firemen telling people to evacuate, then proceeding to rob their house once they’re gone
Although I'm surprised to hear this, considering you're from Norway
My point is that most land was simply mindlessly added (the both Americas, Africa, Australia, etc...) making it a large empire in size, but by no means in power.
They all speak English at home nox dont they.
I usually try to take the train on my trips wherever possible (because I love train travel), but there were a couple of occasions in Spain where I took a bus because it made much, much more sense to do so (e.g.
Mostly we just make fun of how the other one says things, or phrases that are different.
Regardless of Erdoğan's idiocy, isn't it time for Europe to go the Australian route?
Other than that it seems like everything about living in Australia/nz would be better than here (for my particular life situation and interests).
Do you think the Dutch government will accept such representative in their country hiding behind diplomatic immunity?
wtf look at the size of it I'd siege it in a week
And just an FYI wifi on cruise ships tends to be terrible and very expensive.
Wow it seems like a lot of Eurpoean schools start quite early in the morning.
Although there's no clear agreement on how to do this, opening the door to all their educated peoples; doctors, lawyers, engineers, etc, surely isn't the right way to go about it.
So there are circumstances under which you'd consider a genetically black person Romanian?
Pew research of opinions around the world show that most free democratic countries - Europe, India, Australia, NZ, South Korea, Japan etc.
Around a year ago I was so pumped to hit the road.
My parents watched it growing up and now I have a Eurovision party at my house every year
Not like that usually though, looked like it at least had some weight to it
It’s odd that Europeans are taught that Oceania is the continent
- Each nation has their own stories but some are shared by other nations and they differ slightly, most of the stories you'll find online are either a combination of these differing stories or a version of it from a more well known nation
In Australia for example, with old people homes where only Dutch is spoken.
We have multiple words for 'funny'
I have members of family who moved to Ireland, France and Australia, but those who are in Poland live in 2 polish regions (Lesser Poland and Subcarpathian).
The pilot came on the radio to tell the passengers that the plane was just about to reach the east coast of Australia, and the old boy stood up and started taking his bags out of the overhead locker.
Coal, gas, iron ore, bauxite, wheat etc.
1: I think gold has always had value because it does not corrode, and thus has had all sorts of mystical claptrap associated with it
Wow this is certainly different from from Australia!
You talk of Australians finding it difficult to move to the UK, when the Antipodes are famous for their skill based system where it is very hard to get in for most people and jobs are advertised to locals first, etc.
"Hello There" - English
Correct but what I'm trying to tell you is that although Austria is responsible for mustache man, the world leaders did not recognise it as such
"And down from Kosciusko, where the pine clad ridges raise their torn and rugged battlements on high, where the air is clear as crystal, and the white stars fairly blaze at midnight in the cold and frosty sky
Good luck
My hole is collapsing
Well honestly driving a lorry is quite hard, thankfully the prat probably didn't realise that.
And we're not into fancy so eh
There are soooo many English loanwords in other languages which mean nothing like the original English word
as an australian
Five
cuisines, but if you opened up an Australian restaurant or an Argentine restaurant, they would probably have something very similar to steak and potatoes.
The british are called whinging poms in Australia for a reason.
It does NOT mean that in Italian
No, you're now potentially going to have to apply for a visa to visit Europe in the future, as we won't have freedom of movement.
Doesn't this strengthen the leftwing in Renzi's party?
I believe it's a slip of the tongue by the users as Indian English doesn't mandate that as its name
I'm an Australian living/working in Germany, and am trying to gain a thorough understanding of the terms "Steuerhässlich" and "Steuereinfach", as applied to various asset classes, particularly ETFs but also mutual funds in general.
I am Australian, and also very sorry :-\
Nah mate, it's good old Nicko' Tezza
Or that Bangladesh beats Russia by a whole Australia.
Native speakers who struggle to understand a foreign accent usually have never travelled, or have poor listening skills
A bit extreme
Thank you
Long distance, hot climate, things of various sizes that try to kill you, not being New Zealand
I was always taught Australia invented that
if I had any artistic skill I'd love to do an Australian version (I sent it to an artist friend who might
Crazy thinking there's 84 degrees difference
For comparison, Australia also has no hard limit, but for purchases over $100 they have to enter the PIN after they tap.
Thus you will be accepted into this unique culture
Religion and Politics are safe topics of conversation (Australians don't care too much about either) but Sport is a minefield
Across the ocean, the USA started out as a continuation of British people living somewhere else, morphed into an independent country consisting of British people living somewhere else, then a became major power, and now is a superpower; all while mostly keeping British language, government style and culture.
Saying things like "Oh this Old Town it was all fake, it was built after WWII for tourism" (I swear to God I heard an Australian tourist saying that in Warsaw)
(Sorry if you understood for first, im not sure if you were joking or not)
I don't think Australians know what "wolf" means.
Don’t worry mate, I want to visit Austria
But it's *The* police exists
In English, they use the German word
Poland and Sweden did have a history
Lofoten only started blowing up a couple years ago no
Or simply hand waved away because “Australia’s always been like this
Specifically the area around Sydney Opera house and I have no clue about Melbourne
Born in the land down under
She is a symbol from a past oppression, can't blame him for that.
That would be my number one
There is definitely lots of coral bleaching especially in the more popular reefs.
Wasn't she part of the whole 'get rid of Berlusconi' thing because he was there 'for too long'?
But I don't have dual nationality?
Ignoring the collective will of citizens because some technocrat "knows better" is the very definition of tyranny.
An EU with less power to the member states would be an EU that is even more dominated by Germany and France.
Edit: just found out it comes from Nahuatl ahuacatl, which was then aguacate in Spanish
Australia or Canada or Brazil in.
The US has been spending billions on it's military while European nations have been enjoying the benefits of spending billions on welfare and social benefits that improve their nations instead.
I thought the people were awesome.
Fun fact, New Zealand was in fact discovered by spanish navigators at the end of the XVI century.
Sure
E.g. nobody has died from a spider bite since the 70s.
Well, I ended up spending a little over three weeks in Spain, so I had a bit more time to spare.
What does America have that you think everyone else so desperately wants and needs?
Can you imagine how the middle-east would look if instead of spending 6 trillion on the Afgan and Iraq war we had invested that in poor countries around the world.
If they're tight enough, your voice can sing a few octaves higher
They'll get blamed for spreading it/giving it more coverage by showing and blamed for trying to avoid it by not showing it.
And the season is relatively short - May to October IIRC?
Look at hard data, and take decisions from there.
Your son is an Aboriginal boy, around 9 or 10, who lives in a tiny town in Western Australia, out in the desert
1.4 million visits from Australians and I think there are 4 consulates and an embassy in Australia to handle them.
It worked out well for Germany, didn't it
For about 24 hours as the 2018 dawns from Australia to westwards to the Pacific.
Lol no it's not
It's an anomaly in history that's never quite explained properly
'Weird friends' isn't inaccurate really.
I've been to the summit myself, very windy, nice view for around 3 seconds before it's covered by cloud and fog again for another 3 minutes
Why can't we have a based president like Jóhannesson
ditto
I say this because when I went to the High Tatras to snowboard, my hist said that German was more likely to be understood than English by some of the older folks
Elite level vehicle - Trabant (unless you make it to Political level, then you get upgraded to a Volvo)
These generally won't work if you are overseas using a normal land-line or cell.
Germans get around so it's as good a place as any to start I guess
Developed in Melbourne
Prefer to pay than have a free one where it's absolutely disgusting to use cause no money is being spent on upkeep/cleaning
Our current leader (prior to being elected) once brought "clean coal" into parliament
Obligatory not European and technically not our neighbour but we have had way too many close encounters with China
Whatever the case, since mid-December Ukraine's armed forces have edged farther into parts of the gray zone in or near the war-worn cities of Avdiivka, Debaltseve, Dokuchaievsk, Horlivka, and Mariupol, shrinking the space between them and the separatist fighters.
Will the populace accept millions of migrants illegally entering Australia?
Let's include the majority of the Americas then, and Australia, NZ, etc.
Porn is something that takes no skill, its literally trading your dignity for money which is why people look down on pornstars
You are Iran national for sure.
Eh kinda,  but not quite
What on earth is in the water down there
Haha my German friend showed me that in school
Narrator should have spoke Trump-style with an Australian accent.
I remember when I moved to Norway and started saying G’day to people on the bus and at the gym
In Australia, we only have about 4 types of pepsi and 3 of those are just variations on diet pepsi.
>Stikstof
What bothers me is that the UK is going to limit migration from Canada/NZ/Australia too.
When the person who I thought was "the one" left, I found that a working holiday visa in Australia was just the ticket I needed.
I answered exactly as he asked.
However, there are curiously few snakes, possibly because the spiders have killed them all
It’s perfect autumn weather
Now all I can do is shout out very specific Italian phrases and swear words like a child
So instead of filling a museum with stolen artefacts, you instead fill it with artefacts you purchase legitimately or have loaned/borrowed from their original owner with their permission
I'm doing that now :) you'll love it!
Don't forget Australia, our ESC took over their hearts.
i have actually never seen one.
Aussie here with some survival tips, we didn't have air-con growing up and sometimes nights would be in the low 30s. I used to sleep on a wet towel that had been wrung out, also used to wear a wrung out tea towel around my neck
Why do we never have national conversations about them."
I'm from the central coast too!
You have to go to the isle of Capri, it's amazing, especially if you're going to be staying in Amalfi.
Switzerland, Singapore, Hong Kong, Monaco, Luxembourg, Qatar, New Zealand, Australia....
It's barbaric; couples will be standing next to each other, then someone chilling on the left, someone else chilling on the right
I always imagined it to be sooo far
As an a Australian, there’s nothing more entertaining than watching a European heatwave
I'm planning on using UK three (they call it PAYG, not prepay) in a near future trip, but since you're not planning on visiting the UK you may have trouble activating a three SIM
Isn't that what has got us into so much trouble in the first place in Europe?
Didn't go through security or a passport check as they didn't seem to have one.
Is there usually any trouble as a result of this or is it just staring
Towards the end of WW2 the Germans had a similar problem where the chain of command between the Wehrmacht and the Nazi leadership became a [clusterfuck]
So when talking about America, it's solely referring to the country (the USA) and not to every inhabitant of two separate continents
this comment speaks to me though I don't listen to black metal
Why the hell can some Australian douchebag, who's only been in Croatia as tourist and who thinks being a Croat means being an ustaša, influence the events in a country that he doesn't even live in in that manner?
Refresh the page, I edited my comment a couple minutes ago so you might not have seen it
I know that people from the UK normally transform into Australians, in terms of openness to small talk (that doesn't involve moaning) with strangers, being more outgoing, etc.
It was incredibly sad and frankly a wake up call when I looked around and saw dead corals everywhere.
Scott Morrison, Prime Minister of Australia, leader of the Liberal party (right wing, not the left wing liberals in America), professional retard
I don't think anyone has an issue with free movement within Western Europe.
Oranje man slecht
Never heard that word spoken in English
It's also a joke, they're not don't literally believe the US is a 3rd world country
You decide to make a stand about this, and see if you can get a majority of residents to sign a petition to have some reasonable decibel limits and time-of-day limits on the noise pollution.
“A 2010 Chinese thriller film Kill Octopus Paul depicts Paul's predictions as being part of an international match-fixing scheme
Just because there's stuff in it that can kill you, doesn't mean it's going to kill you
Such phenomenon is even more accentuated in the UK and outside Europe in the US, Canada, Australia etc.
Let me just check the database
Youse guys don’t understand how good you have it
They have no reason to abandon their culture, because they did not move to these new countries for cultural reasons, they moved for economic ones
South America speaks Spanish and Portuguese, North America speaks mainly English, Africa speaks mainly French and English, Australia speaks English...many people that now live in these lands descend from European migrants and their culture also depends a lot of from ours.
Legal drinking age here is 18
Most of their locations as far as I remember are Queensland, NSW and South Australia
Yep, colloquial or slang
what in fuck
Is there preferential voting included in that
Australian lake turns pink again
In Europe Scandinavian countries like Denmark and Norway are popular.
So was Brexit being a 52-48 split cause scores of people thought it was pointless to go out to vote for the status quo
Who's going to be our Nauru, when they already complain about making a deal with Turkey?
They mentioned in their comment that some adjectives come before
removed our personal study subsidy (which was turned into a gift if you completed your studies on time.
We do most of what other countries do, knot tying, raft building, etc
Airbus and Boeing don't supply or install the suites.
(Nobody has died from a spider bite since the 70s)
Looking for feedback on my mini Summer road trip through Nevada, Arizona, Utah, and California
Australia is super expensive, so if you're not allowed to work, your money will run out very fast.
that's exactly what they said about Trump.
Thanks for that
It’s a marathon wide
Dutch was about 50%, enough to get the gist, Swedish, Norwegian and Danish I got a couple words, recognised a bunch of words I can see being derivative of central Germanic
Slovene Gibanica is generally sweet :)
Anyone else understand what's going on simply from Europa universalis 4
In certain districts they get 30-40%, according to wikipedia
Is that where they mine the cheese
Spent like 8 hours in the Uffizi gallery sick lmao,  I’ve held a grudge against Di Medici ever since lol
However, watching a
Yes, although I’m honestly surprised that it hasn’t been legalised here already considering how much money the government could make by taxing it
Don't ask me how I know this
Oh man this conversation has me in tears
New Zealand - weather slightly nicer than Britain, decent government, universal healthcare and not as many deadly animals as Australia.
I’m gonna have to go with This image of Donald Bradman
Must be all those Catholics eating fish on Fridays
I'm also going to send a complaint to Australia's Consumer Affair department (I've been dealing with Hotels.com.au)
Cons: It's not in europe
So I'm currently working on a working holiday visa in Australia.
They called bombers and artillery to distract German machine guns on the other side of NML, then rushed to tank and hauled it behind friendly lines with a chain and brute strength
But not sure my graphics application can do an image hundreds of thousands of pixels wide.
I'm a native speaker, and kamikaze is that most recent one that I know (and possibly démarche from 2000, it sounds *vaguely* familiar, but I'm not sure)
Holy hell, also the shitty Sakura Bar tanks from Vang Vieng in Laos - didn't understand why anyone would actually buy them then I went there and it turns out you get one for free when you buy two vodka cokes or something like that.
Turkey alone hosts like 3 million syrian refugees.
On a per capita basis Australia's migrant crisis was becoming as bad as europes is today whilst now its essentially non existent.
ever
Mustache man Austrian, mustache man rule Germany instead of Austria, Austria not blamed for mustache man
The point is that it actually gives a damn, it could easily be like America and refuse to even discuss climate change, much less invest in renewable energy which will help the entire world.
So basically you are the Australians of Europe.
That's part of it, though Belgium never had grand-scale farming.
Why isn't Saudi Arabia or Pakistan or Afghanistan on these lists?
Theoretically the UK could join Argentina, Russia, Australia, and the Moon in a free trade agreement after Brexit.
1) The proposed name for it (Which I don't remember) means faeces in a different Aboriginal language
Most British people would have a regional accent growing up
What beef did the Indian,Canadian,Australian,or New Zealander troops have against the Ottomans,Germans,and Austro-Hungarians?
I could never imagine a guy calling another guy 'love' without them being gay
He did Turkey though
Brazil has it, South Africa has it...
Australia got snow before most of europe this year, ponder on that
Would you say a lot of this is generational as well
Neither have our Australian or Canadian friends.
Fuck yeah we made it on the list
I love how the 'Yes' circle is far bigger.
Not saying this is the case for everyone but its just something I've seen
Her learning process was - "okay, so I change this and this and this
Australia and New Zealand have their beauty.
Lmao
We used 'bar' where I grew up - in a town in Australia.
Because we were born in Australia (unlucky enough to be among the underclass forced out of england) then we don't get a country of our own ?
Poland would be the hot receptionist that everybody in the office wants
I wish you and Poland luck in your endeavours
European geography is definitely the most interesting imo
I get the feeling that Georgios Karaiskakis was a Navy Seal
Technically not another language but we have stupid slang words for some animals:
People wouldn't be bullied for wearing glasses anymore because they were banned
Oh I see, I assume that must have been a traumatic experience
We drove the entire route, started in Paris, drove down through the Swiss Alps, Dolomites and Slovenian alps.
There's a reason the Germans were pushed back 200km in a few weeks in the Soviet counter-offensive
And if we talk about trade, they have better connections with Asia than Europe.
I'm sure the EU can manage to create off shore detention centres with NGO access and good living conditions.
In theory you COULD hit everything up in two weeks, but you'd be exhausted.
Damn, how did you figure out our plan
Easily the Sydney Opera House,
Yeah how did we manage that
The mods should just take all the flags from /r/europe.
Not all European countries have strong connections with every other country: Australia and New Zealand might have some strong connections with the UK, but very little with Spain, for example.
But if the liberal left keeps pushing the globalist agenda and demonising nationalists/patriots a Brexit/Trump WILL happen in Europe.
> HAS THE HOUSE PRICE CRASH DEFRAUDED HOUSE PRICES
Yeah this is why we do not really have to worry about someone like Pauline Hanson becoming PM in Australia as there is no way 50% will vote for her.
Any information on what proportion are prisoners who converted while in jail?
They are centre to centre-left, except for the welfare part
I know opinion on mental health can vary quite a lot depending on where you are in the world
That anglosphere flag is pretty flashy.
I wonder why there is no effort being made towards a free trade agreement with Australia/New Zealand, especially prior to Brexit when the UK could have naturally acted as a bridge across the Anglosphere.
That doesn't happen when I go to NZ of course
That's very dissatisfying
1mbps
They won't let us because "Australia isn't Asian."
I'm just making assumptions though based on what is normally the case.
Australia formally inks mega-deal to buy French submarines
Riesling - Grapes and Wines from Australia
The first couple of days you are extra careful and looking every time and it becomes second nature
Nah, the only people you'll find riding crocodiles are in the Northern Territory and far north Queensland
No offence but I find that Italians tend to be pretty parochial about your food lol
Combine these two, and you get a guy who was almost too afraid to travel to Melbourne, Australia.
Looks okay on some flags, horrible on others.
I know
Added to that Canada, Australia and NZ had already, peacefully, been effectively "given up".
Yes, I'm sure the election was won by 13 year olds who can't vote
The creature that kills the most people each year is the
I love what we call bonbons in the Netherlands, pralines in Belgium.
This is anther one that varies by dialect
If you have any questions about English grammar or other rules I'll be happy to help you :) unfortunately I don't know enough swedish to ask about anything in particular
Jesus fucking christ, you're asking for the suffering of millions
the folks at r/vexillology would have a fit over the complexity of the crown part lol
You see it most lately with African-Americans added to US tv shows or films
What else would you wash chicken with, thoughts and prayers
Fucking great, even though I can travel anyway (getting an Australian one soon, anyway.)
I’m in thermals once it drops below 10 degrees
In spite of this, Australia has shown great enthusiasm for negotiating a FTA with the United Kingdom.
Yup, and plenty of other languages change meanings of their loanwords too
The availability of cheap land for development on the fringes of urban centers is also why there are similarties between American and Australian urban development in the post war era.
Car hire would be a must if you're travelling anywhere outside major cities - but Tasmania in particular as there are no rail options and limited buses.
I am very not a Christian but this seems like the time to break out some Deus vult shit
Stopping to ask directions only works when there are people nearby
latvia was definitely one of the countries i wanted to hear more about when making this post, so thankyou for your insight
Very easy place to live
If you cant find a job you want get something else to get a income.
That way we would make that EE definition crystal clear
8% not heard of Monaco
I'm first generation Australian to British parents.
But my husbands fine at about 15
Ireland is a primarily English speaking Catholic country.
Whisky I like and drink a lot of.
Can we have more context
Looks like the Egyptian coat of arms
Lovely country though
Good job on the German police, and the Australian police for that matter, who just busted up **[a major Christmas-time terrorist operation.]
Uhh nazism was the party
Fair call
[I like that Australians] exposed your corrupt, warmongering government to an elite and media class who couldn't remember that 'pay for play' is in fact bribery and corruption.
It's a simple system but it helps understand everyone better
It's insane, as the quality of driving is really poor despite this, but the connection hasn't been made by those in power yet
Join our Sri Lank adventure group tours packages from Australia!
It really helps me remember the details of my trips as well that may otherwise fade in my memory.
Italy, France, Serbia, Australia, Egypt, and many other countries.
Brunost is the fucking best
I do however deny the notion that he was anymore brutal than other Spaniards, many of who complained about his defense of natives rights
Nautilus Aviation Adrenaline Tours in Australia
As a California resident (and on behalf of all Californians -- minus the terrible ones), we would love to welcome you with open arms.
yep immediate arrest for using the words 'flip flops'.
God is just another word or noun for the usual vocab of someone from a culture that has religious melting pots
How can anyone even have a strong opinion on that place
*Les Misérables* is a story of some slightly sad and annoyed French people
Farms were too small for the scale advantages of the US and some other countries, Belgian living costs too high for the farmers to make a decent living.
>Meh, I don't think the knife wielding is that well known stereotype beyond scandinavia
Ok, that's very different to here then
The tank in question was the last of its kind, called the Mephisto, now resides in a war museum in Brisbane, Australia
- And last but certainly not least: ***TOOK A FUCKING HOLIDAY TO HAWAII IN THE MIDDLE OF A NATIONAL EMERGENCY***
Between your sentences, you've grown up, found a lovely girlfriend, but all those years of missing out on school meant you have no education and therefore no job
At least you don’t get congratulated on speaking your native language like me and a couple of my mates have been lmao
I said it was serious business.
Qantas to fly from London to Australia non-stop
That kind of misogyny and rape culture hasn't existed in Europe or anywhere in the west for centuries, so it shouldn't be hard to understand why many women take offence by it.
In Australia it'd be either stockmen or bushrangers, but most prominently bushrangers
Interesting, cause I hear tons of English loanwords when listening to German
But it's why the US is #1 at so many things
Overall social expenditure as a percent of GDP in the US is not as high as say France or Belgium, but it is close to the average - similar to that in Australia, and higher than that in Canada, Ireland or Iceland, at least according to the OECD estimates.
It brings a tear to my eye
Get Best Australian Visa Services
Australia here and went to France for a few weeks
Not my thing though
Americans do trust their government...when their "team" is in power, that is.
I'm there for a few days next month, cannot wait!
Apparently realy famous [Australian singer] i didnt know her either, but those songs are fairly popular in radio.
We have 'allrounder'
I know right, why Australia but not Egypt, what could possibly be the reason...
The chance of actual confusion of Czechia and Chechnya during various diplomatic, international scientific or sports events is almost zero since Chechnya is not an independent country and does not act as a sovereign entity at the international scale.
Then I remembered and now I feel sad
Screw them for causing all this trouble.
So Malta is more powerful than Russia?
A giant suburbia from coast to Germany.
Helps inspire meals, is a conversation starter, and triggers nostalgic memories when you are back in the 9-5 lifestyle.
Hmm what about lasagnette
Same here
The most natural thing in the world.
idk dude I know some eastern European people whose eyebrows can't go up if they try and Greeks whose skin is plump and wrinkle free well into their 50s - I wouldn't be surprised if literally anybody had botox but it's not necessary to explain a Greek not having wrinkles
Spices don't always come from places you colonise
Wow that's insane thank you for sharing
It's a sarcastic remark on lack of nightlife back in the 90s, but the name stuck for the locals even though the nightlife isn't as bad anymore.
Think you're trying to compare spears with needles.
The wild coastline of Tasman National Park, Australia
You know that gigantic country at the bottom of the map.
Nothing will change in his life
Her pasta is wrong
Does anyone have any experience with getting a doctors letter for an ESA through either CertaPet or ESAdoctors?
Fairy bread
Brisi
At first I was like" Breastville?
It's a swamp, beaten into submission with more than the usual Dutch approach to aggressive terraforming
We'll have to form a Grand Duchy like Luxembourg, we're not gonna be Dutch.
American/Canadian/Australian (add here other countries built by immigrants) nationality isn't that strongly connected to ethnicity as German/any European one.
As for skiing, I can't recommend much but we drove from Niagara to Blue Mountain Ski Fields which were fun, but not very beginner friendly.
I am an Australian planning an 8 week trip around Europe and could really use your advice!
And we also invented
Voor Vorst, voor Vrijheid en voor Recht
Doesn't mean they're rude
It was like we had the entire country to ourselves
I doubt you'd have a problem at all.
TIL
They use Moodle for the backend of distributing coursework
Honestly, we generally don't even know you exist.
We can't even call ourselves Australians and our country is diverse in a way which doesn't exist in Europe.
Nah mate I wouldn’t be surprised if Adelaide got more international recognition than Brisbane lol
I highly recommend G Adventures.
Also I know that not all Australians are bad people, but they've sure had several governments in a row that was made up of despicable people.
Now I would assume the old Austria Australia mixup (although this in itself is already horrendous), but the guy was half Australian
Pretty sure you guys actually out produce the Kiwis lmao
My first question is how the hell did you ride them for 3 months??
Surprised you didn't catch that with all your wit
I like your open-minded, live and let live perspective
Those are issues that have to do with empire and language supremacy.
this was not in the south BTW....
I can't help but think all those star forts were designed by Vauban himself.
IEC Canada Login, Work in Canada for Australians
I dunno
Maxi Taxi is the leading taxi booking service in Dandenong, Australia.
Just look Australia's immigration policy and you got your answer why they wont even think about joining
And if we keep killing those factors that demand will slow.
Great job, you have just exposed how German Propagandists derail criticism of their press.
Just teasing the Slovenian guy ;p
For Finland- I have a personal interest in both the country and it's politics and I'm also learning Finnish, so it's good practice
Very interesting, thankyou
It snowed in Australia at the start of February,
This is a popular thing in the Netherlands, especially for those you describe as lower and upper middle-class.
Then budget in a hotel stay the night beforehand.
a bunch of thugs, criminals and bored low-lives playing pretend and occasionally beating someone up.
Edit: sorry Scots
Head, shoulders, knees and leg
dutch language sweetie i am so sorry
The research also found that modern cars, with a more aerodynamic body shape, killed more insects than boxier vintage cars up to 70 years old
But probably lots of atheists/agnostics too
It's an invitation for large numbers of Chinese and Indonesians to immigrate into Schengen.
If you want democratic process, then make EVERYONE participate
It's my favourite fast food tbh
If you compare the "beauty shots" of Belgium with those of other countries, it's quite a sad sight
can you legally work in Australia?
I feel Limburgish Dutch would rank a lot higher than Dutch in these charts
hmm
my sister doesn't drink beer too so I'm sure she'll be up for vodka tastings.
The level of formality of some countries is kinda weird/uncomfortable for us
I know reading is hard, but the document she provided lists possible trade deals with twelve countries: Indonesia, the Philippines, Malaysia, India, China, Vietnam, Singapore, Japan, Thailand, Myanmar, Australia and New Zealand.
The touristy places are often how you described, but tbh I think it's to be expected in a poorer country and I still found it better than Thailand or Bali.
No Australia didn't invent technology that can freeze boats in time and stop them
Free movement with Australia will be the end of the EU.
Petition to change Isle of Man to Island of Man
Very much, but certainly not as much as Romania, USA or Russia
i have a cousin from germany who lives right on the swiss border, and yeah some swiss people treat germans like how (for example) some people treat chinese tourists
I've been in hospitals in Vietnam on a professional basis and you do not want to be there if you don't have to.
Although maybe it just the Genovese that are weird lmao
Seced with help of EU supporters, then reject joining the EU and stay out just like the UK remnant.
Because the Anglosphere is something the Tories made up.
I also thought Katowice had a bit of rugged charm and thought the Silesian museum there was fantastic
Jesus dude learn some English...
Margaret River: the Australian wine region that’s now big on beer
I want tp relearn Italian because I used to be able to speak Italian; but because my native language is English I just never had a reason to use Italian and basically lost all fluency
Maria the Copt was a concubine gifted to him (along with her sister) by the ruler of Egypt
British cuisine is also built around the traditional dominance in trade so features spices from around the world, ones that don't even grow there
I wish we, Americans, were in on that too.
The British government and royalty haven't had any power in Australia since the 1975 Australia act.
Air force
You'd have to open your borders and I don't think that would ever happen with Australia.
Canada participate in the budget and in the decision process.
Better than nothing though
And I'm not just talking about loanwords, but just the way sentences are structured (or grammar more broadly) and things like that
Religion and Politics are safe topics of conversation (Australians don't care too much about either) but Sport is a minefield
I became interested in Moldova and Moldovan politics because of its obscurity and political position
Yes, it's why they come here
Australian mining boom, plus NZ was hit quite hard by the recession whilst Australia pretty much avoided it.
You are trading your dignity for money, which is why people look down on it
What a terrible way to go, if that's the case.
RTX on
I am shocked this was not already something the EU did.
We know Kosciusko much better than most people would think, that's because the tallest mountain in our country/island/continent is named after him
So I guess it depends on how define it
I have been on the road for two years and despite what my username says i am not doing web dev while traveling.
Canada, New Zealand and Australia sure but the US is too large* and has issues.
Depending on which route you take, you get a beautiful mix of open fields, enclosed forest, and coastal clifftops.
It was awful, and it caused problems that are still faced today in Aboriginal communities such as depression
Aserejé ja de jé de jebe tu de jebere seibiunouva
I didn't claim that there was no difference.
Orthodoxy for Russia and Sunni Islam for Turkey) and no actual theocracy but a more authoritarian "strongman" presidential government (i.e.
I don't like indirect flights (I prefer to just get the journey over and done with) but 17 hours to Perth (which is western Australia) is a long time to be on an aeroplane, I wouldn't fancy it with my children.
- Machiavelli
But the solution is not to do what we do here.
i feel i can answer this and that answer is 2017
But I still think Waltzing is more well known and associated with Australian identity
Let's use the UK as example then.
Any advice on the best way to travel with a significant other would also be greatly appreciated.
But also their leverage is only as big as we allow it to be.
There have been some half hearted threats of it, but there are too many protesters for one thing, and it’s not going to achieve Jack shit for another
yes I believe so, and even if not I am a native, would you ask the same question of aboriginal people in Australia dying from disease brought over by the british and asian sailers "Who cares if you die, are you even contributed" Native Europeans have THE right to be here regardless, these people do not.
Probably because you export less
I think we have the same choices you say about Australia.
If fast internet is a requirement, count your lucky stars you don't live in Australia
We know Kosciusko much better than most people would think, that's because the tallest mountain in our country/island/continent is named after him
(Not European obviously)
We do not feel emotionally attached to Europe in the same way that perhaps some European countries expect us to be.
>Het woord getrouw, dat g' onbevreesd moogt spreken,
Vowel does not have the meaning you think it does in English
What about the broken wall that had a chunk knocked out
US Visa Waiver Program might be scrapped - tourists from Europe, Australia & Asia will have to go for interview before travelling to USA
Asia and Australia have entering 2017, but not Europe
Agreed
The temperature part is super in depth, and I appreciate all that info.
Ok they're not in Europe, but that shouldn't be a showstopper....
Maybe the closest one would be how the British treated the ANZAC’s during WWI
That's the point though, it's beneficial now, but what happens if it one days stops being overly beneficial and there's no mechanism for change because it has acted so undemocratically over the years.
Yea that's why you can publish swastikas, say 'Heil Hitler' and talk about Nazi stuff...
He did it in the name of "western society", you must agree, no
A lot of them are definitely going to Australia.
Oy cunt I’m comin for yah
I'd imagine Australians may think about it more.
Tell us more about your visit, please.
Don't do war kids :/
(Goon is a slang word for cheap boxed wine, and that gave rise to this [classic meme]
Hong Kong allows visa-free entry to both Australian and UK passport holders.
Did you find it difficult to find a job in Canada?
It's a nice city to live in but not worth visiting if you're going to Australia on holiday.
It's more of a quick stop (whiz around in an hour) as I'm already there.
*Insert random Austria vs Australia joke*
Been bitten by a snake and surviving when I was in Australia.
Maybe it's the actual market rate
Best way/place to get mobile data when travelling around Europe?
We hear it in old timey movies, like Mary Poppins or Gone with the wind
but he specifically said last night.
Emirates flies the A380 (the aircraft type on which the airline has a shower onboard) on a number of routes between Australia and New Zealand, which is about 3 hours.
I'm unwilling to make the jump to Canada and you're seriously suggesting Australia?
People say that in Australia the rip currents will draw you away, yet the reality is the only thing that’ll draw you away faster than the rip is the weird middle aisle at Aldi
He did Turkey though
I probably would find it easier to live in someplace like Denmark tbh than Australia as someone from a Pakistani background who is completely Westernised.
We just say 'partner' for that
Crimea is looking good on this map
My first ancestor out here was an Irish convict
A baby right next to you is about 5 times worse than a baby 3 rows away.
Sydney (Australia) - The Mesmerizing City of the World
Let the guy vote social demicrats if that is his preference.
Just like most of the rest of the world.
The worst part is, as you say, having flags from South Korea, Argentina, Australia etc and missing quite a lot of european flags.
It's a simple system but it helps understand everyone better
I have a Facebook friend who lives in Australia who say's it reminds him of the Outback.
Last summer was the first time in years I've had aircon
From what I remember from reading about his death, the waters were calm, I could be wrong though
I haven't been keeping up with all of the different candidates.
Jesus where do I start
Intellectual Turks can already flee.
I'd be cool with that, but it would be hypocritical for the right in America and the UK to support the idea.
What
Can we just say it was a joint effort please
Why have you been hiding this from us?
At most you could say his election makes what happened in 1933 more understandable.
Edit: I feel its not fair to only answer with two words and not address your question
For the UK: the ability to assess the value of any car and ascribe a social status in the hierarchy to the driver
Australians, there is always a core of truth that it is unwise to ignore
Possible Trump European Union envoy: US suspicious of ‘anti-American’ EU
Australia, New Zealand or Canada.
Makes sense considering it to be a sectional view of cylindrical food
Travel To Australia and New Zealand With Veena World
The Australian Warfare Destroyer, currently under construction, is another Navantia design also based in Navantia F-100 frigate.
But they done want to leave
Save the Children is a charity that runs centres in towns with high poverty rates in Australia, they give children a safe place to play and be educated
Doesn't even have to be neighbours
There are a few far right points that deserve to be more on the agenda but how could anyone, even if agreeing with those points, just vote for treasonous parties that are linked to Russia?
They make sure you've fallen asleep before they call
But all his newspapers are built on clickbait and fake news now days (just look at the coverage of brexit and that case of romanian weapons dealers).
Where would you recommend instead
Aussies and kiwis know very well that this just isn't even an option for them.
But lately I've realised that it's a huge and very interesting country.
I love a party, but nowhere really built up if that makes sense.
"Backsack" would surely a good compromise, but it's two-thirds of the way to a male body hair removal procedure
My standard response to meeting an Australian is "such a lovely country..."
Australia and New Zealand has something like this, their citizens can automatically get permanent residence for each other's countries.
Same thing happened with Australia after he hung up on 'President trumble', I can't beleive the American presidency has been reduced to this.
Prolly German, Japanese and French
>guau,
Windshield phenomenon
It's not a sign of respect, it's signifying that you are basically the property of another man.
Fake news does exist but the definition has expanded to anything the mainstream media doesn't like.
- Often called "Smoko" because Smoko is Aussie slang for a work break and it rhymes with Scomo
Thankfully it's a word that is extremely rare to actually say
The closest we come to it in New Zealand is "munter" or "underclass" (we have bogans here too but that's more cultural than socio-economic - it's about taste in music, clothing etc and there are rich bogans too).
According to you, every American acts that way which is grossly wrong.
TBH you just pick a resort island and stay on it....
Scomo au gulag
How fresh is Aussie food compared to European
Hell Australia had the Rum rebellion in the 1800s where the military overthrew the colonial governor because he wasn’t paying the right amount of rum lol
Anyone who comes will be sent back immediately, so they have no incentives to even attempt to come.
It's more than the US and a little bit less than Australia.
When I did labouring work, the amount of grey haired Greeks I met was astounding
What the hell is going on
Any advice for a 20-something year old female moving to Australia on her own?
I use both
Don't worry, I explained that it was extremely rare to see someone dressed that way in France.
It's more about particracy than people's choice in the executive branch.
Then it all burned up and it was business as usual.
The doctrine of islam believes that islam and the state should be one.
He had slaves too, and had sex with his slaves
Bannon and Trump himself, the sun kings of the US.
I don't know much about them, or if they contributed to evils like that in any way, but you don't hear bad things about them for most of the time.
Even the less successful former colonies like Jamaica are better off compared to similar regional former colonies of other European countries, like Haiti.
One thing to bear in mind, is that compared to Australia or the USA, in most parts of Europe a town of under 10,000 people isn't going to be far from a town of 50,000 people, so as long as you have a car, you probably can get to something open in about half an hour, may just be a small Spar, or a garage with a shop - but something.
I find many of these comments shocking in regards to support for a EU-CHINA alliance and a dismemberment of the US-EUROPEAN alliance.
When I went they were building some rides that I think should be finished now.
if we stretch your logic then so would Canada and Australia, but that's not the point.
I once saw a man asked where _Australia_ was on the world map on a video where people are quizzed in public.
Whatever it is, Finland seems to be the perfect storm...
I think given that I'll go in Australian summer/Northern winter.
Did you go in summer, the Vatican was very busy, but nowhere to that extent when i was there
Even Canada and Australia are more densely populated than Iceland.
I’m just commenting to get the 600th comment
I had a friend who left the US and moved to Australia on a whim.
Kevin Lasagna is a very complex character
Australia lost a war against a bunch of emus.
Maybe we can just have a bit of normalcy again
I really don't think the problem is that the people with the news agenices are opposed to the idea of showing those cartoons
That's actually very interesting, I always forgot how long the Ottoman Empire lasted, I would say the British Empire lasted about 140 years but the Ottoman lasted 600
You ruined my joke you with your dumb facts :(
Some people believe we have zero effect on it, that climate change is entirely natural.
Parris that's all i hear when people come back home
>O dierbaar België, O heilig land der Vaad'ren,
I really like German
42 years of governors after Columbus brought the native population down from 200,000 to 201 (of course around 90% of these people would have died from disease but that still leaves 20,000)
The thing they have in common is that healthcare costs are all less than the US.
Anyway, I'd argue the EU is quite late to the party.
This is based on what I was taught and what I saw whilst doing volunteer work for a charity called "Save the Children" in Kununurra, Western Australia
Some americans can speak french perfectly, some english people can have a thick accent after living in france for decades and vice et versa.
Broken hill
EDIT: violent burst of ice, snow, mutilated arms and royal paraphernalia
They love beer and snags, sound like good blokes.
Well Australia pays into the ECB..
* Females: 18+ 10
Then Australia was 2nd
Frankish empire, France winning the 100 year war, Revolution, Napoleonic era, World Wars
Overall, there's very little we don't share with each other.
For me, I used to be quite proud to be half English, but these days it's more of a means to an ends so I can live in Europe.
They are powerless without their bikes
Do I?
Florida is usually responsible for Republican administrations and the sea will probably claim most of it.
You could also pick a city and hire a car just for a few days touring around the nearby countryside - Sydney, Melbourne, Brisbane, Adelaide, and Canberra are all good for nearby circular road trips, and they are all connected by frequent flights.
Very cute
Hey All, My wife and I visited the Australia Zoo, and absolutely loved it!
"Oh a unmanned knee high wall didn't work 2000 years ago guys - just give up" Also its working just fine in Australia.
Thanks mate, things like that are just what I'm looking to add to the itinerary.
In a similar vein *“New Zealanders who emigrate to Australia raise the IQ of both countries.”*
Also, Canberra is overrated, correct, no tourists go to Canberra and nobody likes Canberra, everybody hates it, but it's still overrated because it's way more shit than people think
To be fair, free movement isn't very popular in Western Europe in general, especially as it includes Eastern Europe.
Why don't you rename your capital city to that
And there are spiders and snakes everywhere
which is ironic considering they elected a draft dodger
Scomo au gulag
By the way, France and Australia already patrol jointly each other's borders in the Indian Ocean and the Pacific.
Yeah, the red poppy is used for remembrance here too, and for ANZAC day
*El Dia* and *La noche* would like a word
Perth aus is a really wonderful city
Australia is fucking huge, it takes 2 days of straight driving no stops no scenic routes just roadstops and a sleep at night to get from Brisbane to Melbourne, not via Sydney but inland.
Edit: just found out it comes from Nahuatl ahuacatl, which was then aguacate in Spanish
- Venturers: No team system, these groups are much more independent than the other groups and generally organise their own activities (My group in particular is much more independent than most, we have organised our own overseas hiking trips in the past and were supposed to go to Austria this year and hike the Alderweg trail
We have those too
New Zealand and Australia are decently far apart, probably further than most people realize at about 2000 km (1200 mi), but that example is horrendously disingenuous.
*  Males:  18+ 56
If so, what are the differences
Onya Kasi
Ikea needs to add this to their stores
You think that's the goal of the US government?
Belgium and Australia both have compulsory voting.
Today it’s 25 c in Perth and I’m wearing long sleeves and pants
I don't think it should be easy for criminals to just flee to other countries.
They were a gay couple
Haven't lived there in over 15 years, mate, so wouldn't know
Scotland is cheating ;)
Croke Park was one of my favourite things in Dublin
Australia is very slow to newness and innovation.
Her learning process was - "okay, so I change this and this and this
Guess I have work to do in the New Zealand itinerary...
Taree is one of the leading tourist’s attractions in Australia.
Lost my eu citizenship for all that sovereignty
Because a passport contains much less information (eg.
Well the day after the referendum would have been the ideal time, but the symbolism makes this a close runner up.
They aren't even on the same continent.
Sure, I spend less on my rent, but at the end of the month, if you save up, I can, at most save about..100 to 200 euro.
Still is with my parents
But Australia should get first dibs, as they did well on Eurovision.
Bring *all* the former European colonies to fold.
Legal drinking age here is 18
:) with a German on the inside.
I've written many good things about Sweden too (I even write in the post you were replying to that I recognize it for the great country it is!!).
Australia is able to protect itself from the sea.
>but our teacher didn't tell us they're used just in the uk (and australia
Might have been Masterchef Australia.
Oh, and Poland: We own Pavlova, not you
Jokes on them, I know German, and smiled st them and kissed my boyfriend to piss them off
Always better in the retelling
North Territory becomes a state, South Australia is demoted to a territory, Perth becomes a ghost town and Broome becomes a huge city
That is why they're middle class.
Greetings from Australia
If you have trouble understanding any of it feel free to reply to this comment and I'll gladly translate it for you
And then there's rising and falling interest in it, so not always the best teams are sent
> She started an all woman paramilitary organisation to fight for independence
EU – by extension Germany – must work for the European people and states and provide solutions.
Four seasons in one day
Keep it there and do some more research.
North Germanics I'm lost, only certain Norse words/phrases
Well tbf we do have a significant amount of Italian and Balkan/Greek immigrants that brought it over
You'll end up being a shelf stocker at a supermarket
If Australia can enter the Eurovision, why not...!!!
Australia's convict heritage is over exaggerated a lot
Are you even going to use that snowboard in Australia?
Lol, I have had to consciously tone down my swearing since I got here.
Got them
Not European but Australian: but I love this thread so much I just had to contribute
I follow a lot of foreign politics and by far the funniest is American politics.
I can look at reddit and Instagram but Facebook, snapchat, twitter and my normal web browser won't connect which sucks cos it means I can't notify my parents where I am (no coin for payphone).
Belgium is more powerful than South Korea?
yes please
Are there any "America-centered" restaurants in Europe, and if so what do they serve and what is the decor like?
But you can hear it just a little bit
Plus they had German machine guns firing on them the whole time and had 0 casualties
I was totally paranoid about pickpockets and shit in Florence and Rome
>No other EU country has English as an official language however
It's seen the same way the BNP is in Britain, i.e.
Were the solar panels worth the investment?
But it still looks amazing all the same
Cool
His mum's Basque stew is 50% cheese
The only people who live in the desert are Aboriginals (Native Australians) and cattle farmers
Humpybong
They call the land "Oz", "Godzone" (a verbal contraction of
Yeah there's loads of them
The UK made a huge sacrifice in WW1.
From my year in school about 15/100 students did one.
"A satellite image of the enclosed harbor with the reported tunnel exit visible just above and to the left of the dock
Only in British English
Either the USA is horribly dangerous and you need a gun to protect yourself because the cops are too far away, don't give a fuck or will shoot you on sight or it's a peace loving country (apart from some parts which we will exclude), health care is horrible Obamacare is so expensive people are ready to revolt, or it's so cheap and available that everyone can have it (except for millions of uninsured).
It was annoying not having a proper noun form of the adjective "Czech".
That's what I thought too
On another it favours more heavily Irish tactics and positions and game flow, but is tempered with Australian physicality
My only vague concern is that it's mostly those with less income who smoke so it's a poor tax on cancer sticks
Beef is produced all over outback Australia as well
Here in Australia were all metric!
Europe is here to stay and not because peasants want it, but because business wants it.
Many of them are very cute
Ich bin 12 Jahre alt und was ist das?
Imagine being a Polish soldier, liberating the Netherlands and being so close to Poland, yet never being allowed to return under risk of being jailed or worse
I, on the other hand, think this sorta stuff is fascinating
With the internet, that is highly unlikely to happen
TL:DR Australia is its own continent, Oceania is a region, North and South America are seperated
And Australia
I would then leave Tangier straightaway (since you don't have much time) and head to Chefchaouen (two hours away) and spend a couple of days there or head to the coastal towns like Asilah.
I know that Aussies can generally use the visa waver and don't need to organise a visa beforehand.
Refresh the page, I edited my comment a couple minutes ago so you might not have seen it
as much of the democratic West as possible.
Snowflake
Then, because it's weak, how much is there to dominate, really?
Is there any particular reason why the belt spreads through the middle of the country like that?
Heaven is what I picture as a sanctuary of the dead, like my deceased mum
At least do it properly and spy on everyone, like in the UK, the US, Canada, New Zealand, Australia… Five eyes—that's how it's done professionally.
It's like the word ceremony, Brits say 'SEH-reh-mehni', whereas in Australia (and North America too I think) it's Seh-re-MOANY (capitals for stress)
80/30mbps and even then you'd be paying $89AUD/ 63EUR for it :/
Norwegian is related to English, lots of similarities
inside themselves to the core of their essence, their reasons for being, and the necessity of checking inside your boots every morning for fatal surprises
But it almost always swings towards The Greens which is a pretty decent party.
It would be awkward calling out MUSSOLINI in the middle of a park or something
Yes Japan can be expensive on accommodation for sure.
“Ahh shit, here we go again”
I traveled to US, Canada, NZ, Australia, England, Brazil and Spain
And even in the English-speaking world, I think this is just an American thing
In the morning, I went to the kitchen which was right next to the master bedroom where the owners were sleeping
And that's only East coast cities
Same for australia
>thanks obama
Turin has that famous Egyptian museum
That said I’ll wear jeans up through to 30 to 35 in summer
Do they really want hundreds/thousands of people wrecking whatever they have left
I'm not too fussed about reclining.
But that doesnt count since Turkey isent europe.
But the vast majority of traveler between Europe and Australia are ending up in Syndey or Melbourne anyway.
[Foux Da  Fa Fa]
I've got South Africa (and India) on the agenda for this year, and if I like it, I'm going to try and prioritise Botswana and Namibia for 2018.
What are some other names for the Czech Republic?
Really appreciate it
If youre doing a WHV and want to see Australia get out of Sydney as quick as you can, Id recommend finishing your time in Sydney not starting.
I'm in Australia too, I wish we had breaks every hour
Yes it is, although I've noticed dentists use the word 'calculus' for it now, so it's replacing the word "tartar', at least here where I live
It may be a foreign country, but [most] Australians still speak English as their native language, so their language is equally correct if compared to British English.
I'd avoid most of those capitals as well, unless there's something you absolutely want to see.
I personally dislike my own accent
Vatican City and San Marino are Groovin’
which is why its also sad
The best part of that train ride is when they stop at the waterfall and there is music and two girls dancing next to it.
We had 23 degrees last weekend, middle of winter, mind you
You're asking for problems later on, just so you know
Australian here
Lyon is in France, but you might replace it and head to Marseilles since it's on the coast and they may have diving.
I've been back since, but just make sure they cook your burgers properly!
Which in this context means that if you don’t allow massive corporations to make as much money as possible while putting people’s lives at risk, you might as well just throw yourself in the gulag
Lithuania, although bigger, was the junior partner of the union with Poland being the senior partner
A small whooping is a good method to teach your stubborn child not to do stupid shit again and it won't scar them for life.
Making it an official Overseas Region would make it an official border between The European Union and Australia and placing The EU's borders towards the Pacific, which is interesting and exciting.
My mum's childhood family friend'son who was my age was on that flight
Didn't expect Australia to have that much.
Nice work Romania
It’s like they can’t read T’s
I definitely thought Australia would be low on his list of countries to pick a fight with, but it took under two weeks.
We call it Australasia
Wings aren't the same as chicken pieces though
I think people will get used to it, if it starts being used by the media and politicians.
The states and the UK for sure.
I have done in the past but I really wish they'd implement a way to hide American units of measure, either with a separate language for English, or a setting in your user profile
Ring-tailed possums
What Air Force
Brisi
They have a non-aggression pact
They kill a million people a year.
Also enough to know the difference between 14% and 45% in the polls.
Australia had the same problem, but after they implemented offshore detention and third-country resettlement, the number of boats dropped drastically overnight.
Thats all i could think of of off the top of my head but there is plenty more
Shudder
The only thing we are achieving is fragmenting our country, and putting an enormous economic burden on our shoulders
Was it not the case, back in the old East German days, that East Germans would have holidays in these other countries, since places on the other side of the Iron Curtain were not accessible to them
'Orl Korrect', which is a play on All Correct
Australia has a one of the largest coasts in the world and they somehow manage to stem the flow of illegals
Consider swiss roll or sushi rolls
If you like KL, make sure you check out Penang.
It's standard in Australia too
Estonia still has a huge problem with Brain Drain though
Doesn't sound Irish or Maltase.
I never knew it was just a German meme ^_^
A lot of people were deported to Australia by the British, which is how a lot of Irish people ended up there.
A friend of mine returned to Germany after living in Scotland and then Australia for ore than a decade
Maybe it's different in Britain so I shouldn't have spoke so soon
Sorry for my ignorance but I thought saami is what you called “Finnish”
It’s cold, middle north
You're doing the smart thing
Maybe they went nuts in Europe and in Australia, but in the US literally no one gave a shit.
Any visitors should be careful to check inside boots (before putting them on) under toilet seats (before sitting down) and generally everywhere else
The first word of the title is literally European, why would Australia be in it :P
Maybe a byzantine bureaucracy from Brazil (or is that one is already true :D)?
If I hear a non-native accent it just makes me wanna talk to you more
Not European, but as an Australian:
Kind of an off topic question but does Rupert Murdoch control most of the big media companies in New Zealand like he does in Australia
Extreme nationalism is, I would consider myself an Australian Nationalist because I love this country and it's values but when you oppress any form of nationalism and patriotism even the moderate ones this is exactly what happened in the US with the "Deplorables".
I went solo for my Australia trip so I didn't feel comfortable driving on the left side by myself.
Stand in the bicycle lanes
Anyone else understand what's going on simply from Europa universalis 4
That is not to say that other countries weren't affected but the death toll in Ukraine was by far the highest.
Barbeques do indeed traditionally serve crap food in my experience.
Not exactly soulless but there is nothing to do there, really boring
Massive cunt: magpies
I would just die
Australia has super attractive women!
Budget airlines like AirAsia, Tiger, Jetstar, etc., all have flights from various major Southeast Asian airports to Australia.
One of the reasons I gave up trying to learn Russian
But they done want to leave
...There was a cartoon
I would love to move back there someday.
Same in Australia
There's other ways of showing politeness in English
Because contrary to popular believe, the main point of the Australian solution isn't that you put asylum seekers onto an island.
Five
Other native English speakers feel free to correct me
"This Act may be cited as the Commonwealth of Australia Constitution Act
He can't singlehandedly cancel the deal.
Australians are pretty liked in most places and I can't think of a single European country where that would be different.
Yes it is, but you gotta draw the line somewhere
I was walking around Stormont the other weekend and there was some military marching band playing their way up to parliament
Until the 1980's under Thatcher there used to be an official government policy of keeping Australia white by sending as many British people as possible.
During that time (I searched May 13-May 20), you can fly round-trip to Vancouver from Atlanta for 275 or Calgary from Atlanta for 282, if you pick the cheapest flight options for either, although there are shorter flights for
Book Australia & New Zeland cruises Tour Online
>Because of their gross misgovernance, Columbus and his brothers were arrested and imprisoned upon their return to Spain from the third voyage
In QLD, Australia you don't need to
People tend to freak out about fresh seafood there due to water quality but I used to go boating there a lot and once clear of the built up areas the water is clear and fine.
And the American people are sick of that.
Haha yeah sorry - states in Australia, hard to break the habit.
Also known as The Great Australian Bight.
You're most likely looking at taking a job that pays under the table, like as a bartender or waitstaff or something similar.
Yeah right
Lol yeah
These spheres are not so much cultural-linguistic, but more so *militaristic, economic and political*, because regardless of whatever romanticisation one might have for their country, those 3 countries pull the strings.
The natives were also mutilated for various crimes but they didn't care about them, the tyranny they were talking about was his treatment of his fellow Spaniards
Just pointing that you are worsening everything by trying to shutdown people.
Now they have freedom of religion, but the government still maintains the Folkekirke.
Ned Kelly
During WWI, a group of Australian soldiers in France spotted an abandoned German tank in the middle of no man's land
I like them for keeping everything organized - tops in one, pants in another, underwear in another one.
* Females: 18+ 10
lol you made it sound like you were under 12 ...
There is a pretty big language barrier there (and its not easy to learn), and work can be hard to come by, unless you have some serious trade (diving or chef could be useful) or something, you probably wont be able to find anything besides working at a hostel for accom or little pay.
> nearly 40C
I can get where the Australians,Canadians,and the UK is coming from.
In Australia we specifically don’t ask about you
Excuse me, we only had one inbred Dutch king, for the past 306 years we have had inbred Germans
It isn't exactly what you would call a national treasure, but I like those books at least :>
convenience and ability to change on the fly are important to me
Source: My mother, who was in his tour group for the trip
Majavi an de bugui an de buididipi
Are there any good multi-day tours someone could recommend?
Yours are just abstractions on a culture, the same abstractions that have been said on Russia from the western world since the rose of the cccp.
I haven't been to the US but from what I've read, we have a similar concept of distances/driving as Americans do.
Scott Morrison is Australia's current prime Minister, he was voted in by all the boomers who's only response to criticism is "Lay off Scomo
Although coastal regions tend to stay pretty steady, in my personal experience - probably depends on the wind direction and how much the air passes over open water
Even if you are far right, you have to recognize that treason to Russia is worse than business as usual.
Only
Understood
First Eurovision, then EU, then your bedroom.
If you do end up going to Aruba, don't stay in the resort area(lots of tourists).
My father was Lithuanian, but he lived in Australia for about 50 years.
- The Chats: A very Australian band, all of their songs are based on Aussie humour and contain A LOT of Australian slang that I don't think many Europeans will understand
It really got to me with Incubus (1966)
If I did, I would probably move to either North America, Australia/NZ or Singapore.
Most of the more progressive people in Australia want it to be given an Aboriginal name instead of a Polish one
I get the feeling that Georgios Karaiskakis was a Navy Seal
Christmas dinner is not complete without bonbons.
You can have museums be a collection of items from around the world AND not do it via theft
I smash toasties here in Australia, and never thought anything of the fact that my mum as always cooked them, and she is polish
They just take you through atmospheric themed rooms while speaking about Irish mythology and legend
To me Finnish sounds made up on the spot
How does it look for foreign language other than English
Pakistanis in the UK aren't called "Arabs" or something in daily life, then transmogrify into "Asians" when they commit terror.
Yes, get your indian/ Chinse/ Australian cars.
Even good 'ol Albania could manage two fit 2 and a half Moldovas.
It's my favourite fast food tbh
Nous le jurons tous, tu vivras !
~Douglas Adams
Edinburgh, Seville, Salzburg, Prague, Krakow
It could be the water but I also think British lagers have a lot less hops in them than most continental ones.
Well, more than half of it doesn't obviously.
They have no reason to abandon their culture, because they did not move to these new countries for cultural reasons, they moved for economic ones
I don't doubt it but damn that balloon can bounce then
Be proud of your accents
Is that chicken parmigiana
My stomach plummeted just reading the comment, bloody awful
Australia has sun and makes it easy for doctors/nurses to migrate there, and pays them better, so there they go.
Well technically she was Australian, so a kind of German.
The UK is one of the most specialist economies out there.
Written text to pronunciation is even easier because even if a word can't be sounded out, you can usually tell if you are saying it wrong
Yeah how did we manage that
Every Australian has British roots somewhere along the line, and pretty much every 1 in 3 people in Britain have Australian relatives.
EF has Australia/NZ, Japan, China, Europe, and South America.
No job is worth that
Bunnings snags
Twelve Things I Did In Sydney, Australia This Time
I have plans to go to Italy with my girlfriend in the future, she often has her hair dyed a soft blue or pink hair
How about we show that bald, frosty cunt how to throw a REAL boomerang
(Mas-Kom-Ya: Freemasons, Communists, Jews - enemies of the Turkish people)[
It sounds as if you've already booked flights to/from Australia.
A day tops will be spent actually exploring the city itself my friend has already done it to death haha.
We do most of what other countries do, knot tying, raft building, etc
What did we do
Not Australian
Yeah so it's still another 20 or more years away at this point
Na we just cant keep in our pants is all :/ :3 ha in Ireland we had a famine many moons ago due to this the Irish left in mess numbers mostly to the U.S and Australia for a better life.
If anything, English will become more standardised
Australia and Canada are indeed corrupt shitholes.
Given I have you tagged as xenophobic, it's hardly a surprise that our world views don't match.
How deep do they have to dig
Mass murder is never "incredibly good" in any scenario
First, a short history: Some time around 40,000 years ago, some people arrived in boats from the north
I took a break, but now I can resume writing my resume
But anything organic that has been "deep-frozen" will quickly decay
What made you think the idea of reclaiming lost land was dead?
It wasn’t the Army that tried to overthrow the government, but rather a faction (small group) within the army
Id almost say especially Liege (with the exception of the Borinage region around Charleroi which has a certain Michigan vibe to it in terms of deterioration)
Most people outside of Australia I have met think that Sydney is our capital city, it isn't, it's Canberra
For me, I find the Slovenian and Persian (Farsi) languages particularly beautiful
It was also iirc on the first ever round of UNESCO world heritage sites, so it's on the radar, too
If he was Australian it would be ''Yeah nah, we're fucked m8.''
The changes are subtle, but deep, caused by the mind-stretching expanses of nothingness and eerie quiet, where a person can sit perfectly still and look deep
I hope that the children of the children I worked with will grow up in a new Australia where charities like "Save The Children" won't have to exist
I think people understand that the little classrooms you see in the ads aren't private schools in the suburbs
So I'm assuming in your eyes Canada, Australia and New Zealand are all not democracies?
Probably, we've been calling it choccy milk for decades
USA and Australia are on different continents than Europe, does this invalidate any comparison of these places or their similarities?
"Vowel sounds" is a better way to get across what you're describing, which practically goes unthought of in the Anglosphere unless you are learning another language
To this day, I've not heard of those two words lol
They ate all the available food, and lots of them died
I can't believe they actually waved the flag of the country they came from as well
Where's Australia
Are you immune to venom
(composers nerd help out here please)
You do realize Western means N.
If you are Australian get a Citibank visa debit card.
Yeah it's got some downsides, but certainly the travel side of things is fantastic.
Tipping
Plus we hold the lion's share of the world's uranium and a good chunk of the coal
it doesn't threaten the health of the child.
In Australia and Canada (and New Zealand) you can apply for a working holiday visa which will let you stay and work for one or two years.
Don't have to get all sensitive champion
from i consume a lot of Japanese content and if i wanted to with a Japanese base i could go on to learn Korean fairly easily and German is interesting, same as (though not as much as German and Japanese to me) French but with a French base i could learn Italian and Spanish (or Romanian) fairly easily
He was behind enemy lines and stole the uniforms off two German soldiers as a disguise
Now we have gone almost to ths back under conservative ledaership.
That's absolutely insane
Can't we make the Moon like a penal colony or something?
The rest of the EU+NATO are bigger, richer, and more powerful than the UK, Canada, and Australia combined.
I didn't see any on the glass bottom boat tour and very little while snorkeling.
So if you have a shred of patriotism, desist from making Americans look so stupid.
No but seriously probably one of the top ten deadly snakes of the world, 9 of which are in Australia
Can't say what they gave done to remain in power but I can tell you about a ton of bullshit our current PM has done but for some reason still remains in power
I shower fairly regularly, I’m not dirty
We're booked on a baltic cruise in July (Copenhagen, Tallin, St.
You can easily get a WHV for Australia or New Zealand.
How do I apply for an ETA to Australia?
Altogether it cost him about $15,000 (AUD).
It's a pretty straight forward process.
No idea about Ireland or New Zealand.
So there is precedent for Australia.
Also during WW2 many Brits, Australians and Kiwis fought in Greece next to Greeks.
Not Australian
Like I said in my post, I see nothing wrong with your itinerary.
I imagine Australia has even more creepy crawlies I don't want to deal with.
And the absolute ungodly love for the military.
If you are a US citizen, 30 or under (I think Australia just raise the limit to 35) and no criminal record, you could potentially have your visa by the end of the week.
By boundless plains, it means detention camps on shitty little islands in the Pacific
It's so disrespectful to set something x years in the past and add a y character and have it all peachy
Australian Venturer here, (boy scouts 14-18 year olds, in the UK they call it Adventurers not sure about other countries) our uniforms are very different to those from most countries and we generally don't call it "Boy scouts", it's usually just "Scouts" because we include women in scouting as well (although Guides still only allow women)
No, unlike Australia, Israel is a member of EBU.
I remember walking outside in the sun thinking how nice and cool it was
Australia is in the middle of the ocean and not under the EHRC.We would need a much bigger pair of balls than we have to impose polytics like theirs.
France generates electricity at 80g of CO2/KWH compared to 850g CO2/KWH in Australia.
In all fairness to PHON, they got 8.1% in the seats they ran in (they didn't run in Perth iirc) and their upper house vote is largely the same, which is what polls showed they were going to get on election day.
NO ONE wants that job at the moment.
Now it's happening the opposite, people from "our colonies" are coming to Europe to find a better place and it's happening that many Africans are becoming legally Europeans and many people are born here.
This has been happening since 2013 with Mare Nostrum and has caused an enormous pull factor.
The century that we happen to live in doesn't make faith any less justifiable.
Australia here same here
If you think this is cool, you'll like the story of [Tim Cope.] An Australian guy who rode on horseback from Mongolia to Hungary over three years accompanied by his dog, retracing the path of Genghis Khan.
That said, I know it sucks, but really 30c isnt THAT bad
Depends on humidity as well
Winter makes me deeply miserable
Probably wasn't tobacco
When I think about how big that section of Australia is and it's only around 1/6th of this country it just astounds me.
Ie Polish sounds brutish and medieval to Czechs, and Czech sounds funny to us, while Croatian sounds like they went out of their way to make some key phrases sound awesome.
Probably because most English things are still quite Australian too.
I always kept an eye on Belarus for some unknown reason, but since August I have been following the protests very closely
Ios and Santorini hostel recommendations?
Lol
I've gotten into just looking at the covers and moving onto the next issue.
Everything about the towns and EBC trek was amazing when we went, hope you had the same experience up there to!
Do not attempt to use Australian slang, unless you are a trained linguist and good in a fistfight
"Polish Sea Boars" should be thing like Scottish wild haggises, Australian drop bears or the New Zealand garden ban.
I believe this is the Twitter feed:
Warning: Flag may induce epilepsy episodes.
>Usually, words ended in -a are femenine, and words ended in -o or -e ar masculine
How about yourself
Username checks out
How come that the country which had GDP per capita PPP nearly on pair with Australian in 2003 and now is just 60% of the one in Australia is number 1 in Economic Quality.
Yes, a black panther
There are nice places to see in both parts.
watch this, it's how I learned about it
5 litre bottle of rum will run about 80 dollars, now imagine pitching in for everyone
I'm not sure what it is like now but for the record I traveled Turkey last July a bit after the last airport bombing all the way through to past the military coup.
Do Europeans realise that there's more important things in life, or do you love your endless amount of brands?
Germany and Belgium are attacked because they're home to increasingly radical ragtag populations which are inspired by ISIS and carry out attacks as lone wolves, rather than by being in direct cahoots with them.
If you get lucky you can find things like KL to Perth for $50.
Would anyone be willing to help me out by sending a letter to Australia?
Purchase Best Holiday Tour Packages from Chennai to Australia
I by complete coincidence happened to be in Edinburgh during St Andrews Day last year and got in for free.
This is a bit over-zealous of you guys,  our species has barely attained space travel
no idea
In Western Sydney, there have been many sightings of a panther
I've been to the summit myself, very windy, nice view for around 3 seconds before it's covered by cloud and fog again for another 3 minutes
And just being transfixed by it all day.
Sorry, we actually love our cheeses.
i am not sure what you mean by begging
The same microbes can travel on the outside of your clothes too you know.
Australia wasn't allowed to join ASEAN because ["You’re not from around here.
As a semi rural Australian guy who plans to live in Milan, do you have any tips or links to help me not look like such an uncultured tourist
Best one out of Ireland I heard of, from the guy it happened to, was "turn right where the traffic lights used to be"
I always used to assume it was just the ninth bridge or something
I assume you've read the Tax Treaty between Australia and West Germany (!) which is relevant to double taxation, as well as the new Tax Treaty between Australia and Germany, which has not yet come into force.
Probably been allied for a lot longer but the earliest cooperation I know if is the ANZAC corps and the battle of Gallipoli in WWI
Russia lost tens upon tens of millions of people to the Nazi's. If the Nazi's didn't have to hold off the western front, back up the Italians, fend off Africa, they would have been steam rolled
Wars over the the known world have been wages in the past from that seat of political power, even today, the Catholic Church holds immense power from that physical seat of residence
eg dijk would sound like saying ‘dayk’ not ‘dike’ in English usually
No, there must be something wrong with the methodology
Interesting place
Can we mention Father Ted
If you're baptised into a Church as a baby (be it Catholic, Church of England, Folkekirken, etc.), they don't record who keeps practicing and who doesn't, so you're included in the membership statistics.
I feel bad for laughing at this xD
Oporto
Some of us realise(d) we had a very sweet deal within the EU and 52% of us have just gone and fucked it all up for the rest of us because of...
Ok I stop here, I really can't fix stupid.
Would the guys in Brussels accept us?
None of them have managed to pull off a single attack in Australia so far.
(Australian popping in to say hi...).
It took me a few moments to work out who Orcan Lothar was, and why he would destroy part of the Black Forest
I’m gonna have to go with This image of Donald Bradman
Yes + [Australia is already on its way here]
And all our taps are mixer taps
This is a reconstruction of the VOC-ship Batavia, which ran ashore on the Morning reef, Australia.
A German accent is sexy as hell
There isn't anything between Norway and Sweden.
But there's also OK, O.K. Okay is the only other one, but that's rare
I miss my mum's bigos
>time to laugh at some internet memes
r/cursedcomments
its more difficult in big places like tokyo but at the same time you'll always be discovering new things and they'll always be a surprise.
>thanks obama
Does UXO count as paraphernalia
To OP, if you can go anywhere in the EU, I'd go to the Netherlands or the Nordic countries
[Yeah, not like in Freedomland, where authorities have a habit of using "proportional force" when you lose their game of Simon Says
It wasn't "done" by the Fillon team.
Us: Both of us are Aussie, backpacker budget, males, mid-late 20's.
Well I've found that going to Australia is no problem but coming bacj to the US takes several days.
There's a very well regarded [medical school] in Krakow, Poland whose degrees are accepted in the US.
The deserts make up 35% of the country.
But cool at the same time
It is exactly like a European being dragged to Spain as a small child, and growing up (like very, very many Spaniards) to realise that bullfighting is a bit backward, and then having people use the fact that she was technically born in another country (which she probably can't really even remember) to deny her rights that everyone around her has.
So for me "The West is: EU and anglosphere (USA, Canada, Australia, New Zealand).
I'm not hugely familiar with the French system but it is two elections with no preferencing right
Yeah I dunno man
Australia eyes relaxed UK immigration under trade deal
It's a Peter Jackson project of colorized WW1 footage with sound design, voice acting, and the frame rate slowed to resemble footage captured today
I wonder what percentage were actually celebrating it to be honest.
I'm always shocked discovering, like now, that another great European nation that I thought was unitary with some local councils, is actually a somewhat bickering federation
Guess you oughta buy them in the Netherlands next time then.
It's a song about the oppression and land seizure of Aboriginal Australians by white settlers
Thanks for the explanation
I'm an urban planning masters student from Australia, trying to decide where i'll go exchange for semester 2017.
The days off where we could go to places including Jaco Island, I pinched myself at how beautiful it was and that I was getting paid to go there.
I've never heard of those brands
So how did people say that before English
Don't want something to jeopardize the amount of money my auntie sends to me from there.
"hey you *pause* yeah you *pause* get yer lawn mower *pause"* off my son" is one of the first things i heard when i visited belfast
Or sorting any tickets or tours or whatever on line.
Then it comes Africa and Latin America that I think can be put apart from these categories for various cultural reasons.
Colonized countries like Canada and Australia fare better than non-colonized ones.
Similar idea to what Australia does, but it was rejected for multiple reasons.
Most hotels will allow you to put a cash deposit down in lieu of credit card.
Not stopping us from claiming it though
The Australians, Kiwis, Canadians, and the rest of the commonwealth would not have been there without Britain
RTX on
OMG yeah
It's debatable whether they get that under the Australian system, and at a ridiculous cost too.
Wasn't it given up to preserve Ukrainian sovereignty and territory, but the Russians have basically reneged now anyway
I’d do my grocery shopping in Germany (half the price), and go to the dentist in Poland (quarter of the price)
Hey me too
Australias culture is somewhat similar to Europes but I don't consider them a part of Europe.
sorry, Picts, that live longer by beheading one another in the mountains.
Depending on what airlines you're flying, it will be anywhere from $10-25 usd per flight to check a bag.
You literally said you're surprised that Europeans weren't choosing America as the country outside EU they would live in...
We already had 10 years of Harper, and Australia had Tony Abbott so we just had our crazy a little bit earlier.
It fucking sucks to live here sometimes
More expensive than in Belgium and often plagued by supply droughts ever since the crackdown on the Serb/Hungarian border and the Albanian production villages.
David is like the British version of Steve Irwin, he's an absolute legend
It's Serbian land and was an integral part of Serbia before Ottoman colonisation.
And Bring is a subsidiary of Posten Norge, which is owned by the Norwegian Ministry of Transport and Communications.
Not sure who "their" is but I reckon if it says it on the US government website, it's probably true.
We are located at Taree, Australia.
I don't really see what reason someone would have to reply to questions that are looking specifically for answers *not* from them.
It killed 71 people and caused almost $650 million (USD, 1974, no clue what that is in today's money)
If the UKs offer is stagnant pay and employers leaving then we can't just say "Well we speak english though!".
Australia has done very poorly there, even reports of rape and abuse.
I still have nightmares about the Uffizi
watch this, it's how I learned about it
Nobody really gives a shit about Australian politics so I don't really know many of our previous prime ministers
I only know it from that song
After all they were all criminals and didn't pay enough of their horrendous crimes!
I do my best to find out as much as I can for all parties and generally have a top 15 and a bottom 15 and the rest can be a bit of a gooey mix in the middle
Certainly on paper it seems like an extremely capable aircraft comparable to an f22, but then again India didn't purchase them as they believed it didn't meet performance expectations
No, that's our glider club
Things are sort of cool between the US and NZ because of the nuclear issue (and others potentially), but the US and Aus have stayed close.
So well done to everyone who contributes their awesome questions and honest answers <3
I've never been outside of the US and haven't had a shot or even seen a doctor in a little over 10 years (just turned 26).
But you can hear it just a little bit
You can simply say "the Commonwealth" or "East Asia" if it fits your perception of things.
And there was more than one study, and they weren't just Arabic names.
PC stiffles debate, there needs to be serious debate on immigration policy but its too PC to discuss
Both e's should have an accent
Do they have goon bags in the Nordic countries/s
I don't think it affects us that much.
(Western Australia) Sorry I know it's not Europe but it was stated 'all over the world' we are not usually required to show University/Student cards/ID during normal business hours.
The post-partition end result of having Polish territory and peoples split between three nations seems like a big impediment to that
Still, if you know German and English you have a decent head start on learning so many other European languages (Dutch, Swedish, etc).
Making any sort of western wages whilst living in low CoL nations is the absolute dream
How can it simultaneously be the exact same and worse?
When we arrived we were lost and couldn't find our way or contact who we needed to
Yes, there are similarities between the English-speaking countries
I've never seen that used, ever.
I'm an Australian
TBH I would love to have Australia and NZ on board.
I know someone whose dad eats it.
Jesus mate you're beyond help
Excuses excuses
That
(inb4 kiwis)
I'm confident the UK can sign relatively speedy trade deals with Australia, New Zealand, USA and Canada.
I'd suggest you expand your horizons a bit beyond just those three.
Well Farage is buddy buddy with Trump and they call that the alt-right over there.
There's a chicken-and-egg problem here.
Yup, that's how i'd know it
In here sure we're savvy travellers and might have more insight, but the vast majority of people only care about that dollar value.
We have enough of those right now.
Everyone argues over the rules too - whether you can have two shots on the black, shooting back after you pot the white, winner stays on etc etc.
Mount Misery
Ah, I see
I was only there for one night last week, but I'd happily go back to explore more
Brexiteers say no
three
Removing the incentive to migrate has reduced the number of boats by something like 99%.
And then winter comes
Most people under 30 speak english well enough to have a decent conversation, if not better, and it's only really those in the countryside or very blue collar that have trouble with it.
The thing many people aren’t aware of is that Taiwan and China actually have economic cooperation with each other to the value of $150 billion a year
Ironically, not for English though
They're extremely rare words in the most recent years, and I've not heard of a single one of them
They were also imperialist and Stalin was a racist cunt
I can go between NZ and Australia and barely feel like I'm in a different country
You don't need to take it as an affront that some people don't love it or don't want to risk life and limb to move there.
I guess that is the difference.
I only came for Lady Godiva and you let me down
Nothing is ever risk free and I'm not going to pretend it isn't at least a little bit dangerous, but there's a couple of things you can do to significantly minimise the danger:
Something akin to having globally or specifically scoped subreddits, not to exclude, but to contextualise discussions
USA, Canada, Australia, New Zealand, Switzerland, Norway, Faroe Islands, Ireland, Iceland, Greenland, Namibia, Taiwan, Madagascar, Nepal...
If they claim they guarantee you work, they're lying.
didn't china stop counting new cases
I'm an Australian who now lives in Europe
Best one out of Ireland I heard of, from the guy it happened to, was "turn right where the traffic lights used to be"
Depends what he means (even though I know exactly what he intends).
Yes, shareholding is a risk, but it's not gambling and anyone that cares about their retirement would have a portion of their savings in it.
I'm Australian
Bad luck britain: Ships off criminal convicts to another continent.
Well eucalyptus oil is toxic to animals that haven't evolved to tolerate it, so unless they imported some koalas along with the trees it's not that strange that there wouldn't be much in the way of wildlife in them
Traveling the World: Take a Ride through Queensland, Australia @niume_official
If we had some decent walls, May to October would be much less painful  I'm spending my first winter here for 2 years before I move back to Germany in October and man
I wonder if Australians are also different in their native habitat!
That is what I'm fucking saying, which proves Germany doesn't have *free press*.
It is mainly played in the UK, Ireland and Australia but is rising up in China and the far east.
bus from Lyon to Paris is 6hrs vs a 2hr train ride.
It would be like having obama on and then playing this song after he left.
Personally yes I would be favour of that.
You can have Australia if you'd like.
You can look at WOOFing, or HELPx, or something similar, but a lot of times it's tough working in another country over the long term.
I mean, this is very admirable, but why is it more remarkable than any of the better video players that don't have ads
Australia or New Zealand probably.
[Yeah, not like in Freedomland, where authorities have a habit of using "proportional force" when you lose their game of Simon Says
Not European but I would like to thank New Zealand for always sticking with us whenever we went to war together
To Add Accenture has recently pateneted a financial blockchsin technology.
For two weeks, I would either split it up into either a northern trip (Barcelona/Basque country incl.
The Digeridoo
I met my future wife whilst backpacking in Australia, was there for a year and did all sorts of backpacker type jobs as well as my trade (sign making).
I watched it very quickly
I'm an Aussie who knows about this from [Viggo Mortensen on the Late Late Show with James Corden] He got a few details slightly wrong, but fair play
The reef stretches quite wide so you can easily get off the beaten path and have sections of the reef all to yourself.
Is Northern Northland where Santa lives
Gymnasium is what Turnhalle is in German.
1mbps
Because Australia has native population and that's Aborigines.
Australia is definitely somewhere in the middle of those two extremes.
It would depend on where in Australia you go.
You can see these sorts of events and signs wherever Muslims grow enough in numbers to start agitating for sharia.
To be fair, a diplomat dieing is a very rare occurrence, I don't think an Australian diplomat has ever died on the job, and it's probably the same for most countries.
The level of segregation shown in this video would be totally unacceptable to Australian society.
The closest person we have to that would be Ned Kelly, despite being a murderer, thief and overall and extremely dangerous criminal bushranger (Australian Cowboy)
Hmm, ok, it seems complicated enough that a crowd-sourced answer won't cut it, I'll check with the embassy.
Where did you find this information?
How is Australias population relevant?
I always thought tiramisu was Japanese, just because it sounds so much like a Japanese word
You mean a slab of durries
Obviously caveat to this comment is I’m not European lmao
Although it appears to be different from the Norwegian version ;)
Admittedly, I'm white and so have never experienced any unwelcoming sentiment, but I have known a few Nigerians and an Indian in Krakow and they didn't seem to have any trouble in Poland.
We stopped a guy on the street who spoke in a tone that sounded like we ruined his day, but went the extra mile in helping us get where we needed to go, and even checked up on us later to make sure everything was alright
Not in a financial sense but if you go to Australia expecting to see wild deadly animals, you won't. You may see some, but they are rare, you'll definitely see some pretty birds and kangaroos but if you want to see anything else, go to a zoo
What part of "don't get into shitpost wars with the Scandinavians" has America not learned yet
Australia is definitely expensive.
Although years ago I worked on a 45 day, in a manufacturing plant (which was much hotter) with full head to toe clothing, face mask and rubber boots/gloves/ apron
It's 12° in Melbourne and I'm freezing my arse off
Good that they’re starting to increase it though, I was so shocked at how many people smoked when I lived there
There are a lot of Eucalyptus trees in Portugal
Crazy => Krei-zjie or kraai-zjie.
I will be landing in Zurich with my friend who has family living there (free accommodation) on the 14th of July and fly back to Aus on the 12th of August.
I have also looked into this a couple of years ago, from my understanding I think it involve getting a visa from the embassy/consulate in Australia, follow by a stamp or similar from a government agency when you arrived in the country.
There has been extreme thunderstorms and flash flooding in Northern NSW for the past few days.
I don't live in Russia, I live in Australia.
You can predict what an Italian driver will do, they will go, regardless if there is space for them or not.
Thanks Germany for all the funny comments on this subreddit
Talking about modern times, nowadays it's mostly educated people that go work in other countries for having bigger salaries and more professional occasions, which is quite the opposite of what it used to be.
Yay for the Aussie mention
Are you an Australian of Italian Heritage?
This would not sit well with many Australians
\>what would I do
>Het woord getrouw, dat g' onbevreesd moogt spreken,
What bothers me is that the UK is going to limit migration from Canada/NZ/Australia too.
I though this said Australians and was wondering why it was here and was boutta comment on it
The story I was told is that Peking is just the forbidden city where the emperor lived and Beijing is the rest of the city around it,  and since China no longer has an emperor all of Beijing became the capital
New Zealand, South Africa, Australia, Chile, Argentine or Canada/USA maybe.
Isn’t it year of the pig too
Launching an offensive into no man's land during a ceasefire is a hostile act.
Judging by your username, I'd say Wales.
Right, got it
Now I know about 2 words of Serbo-Croatian
From what I understand reading history, Germany is more an idea than a country
I'm in Australia too, I wish we had breaks every hour
A lot of species here are nocturnal so a lot of these are at night
It would probably be looking to Australia and NZ.
You show up to get your name marked off and leave the cards blank or draw dicks on it or write a short message etc
Which is a bit mental when you consider that Australia is a country of 23 million people on the other side of the world.
They must change the ingredients for the Ikea ones here in Australia.
Well then we should hire Trump to fix it.
Meaning put them all on an island until their papers are approved.
For example: The most popular name for male cats and dogs in Australia is Buddy and the most popular name for female cats and dogs in Australia is Bella.
How do you feel about foreigners coming to work there?
If you're looking a few months out, Greece has some really excellent islands that would suit you.
For a developed country I would honestly say very corrupt
Time to bring freedom to Russia
“I love a sunburnt country” - although it was quoted rather sardonically at the end of last year, start of this year, for obvious reasons
As is the case with a lot of UK law, the second someone tries to drag up some daft old clause or requirement it gets rewritten (think trial by combat, hopefully soon chancel repair liability)
And unlike Turkey where we talk about sanctioning tourism (one branch of the economy) by 27/8 countries, Russia is being sanctioned on pretty much every sector or at least important ones by EU (28 countries)+US+Japan+Norway+Australia and several others.
Are you seriously curious or are your trying to say that I should keep my political/economic opinions to my own country?
The Balkans and eastern Europe are amazing.
> a few miles
People generally only stay one night at the airport, but stay a few nights in the city.
Eh, well, I don't know about you but not once have I gone to a bar and looked around and said "gross, that person is ugly and alone, what are they doing here" and nor have I heard it from anyone I've ever gone to a bar/club with.
Why
There are lots of areas in which the EU, UK, Canada, India, China, Australia, Japan, and Latin America (except for Venezuela, which is like a shitty wannabe Cuba) can work together in ways that they couldn't with the US, from labour standards to trade to the climate to health and safety to disarmament and non-proliferation to the resolution of border disputes to repealing and replacing late capitalism.
There is an award system called "boomerangs", if a cub gets the bronze, silver and gold boomerang badges they receive a grey wolf badge, the highest award in Cubs
Thanks
It wouldn't be a problem for 99% of people.
Laughs is Australian
And Canada, UK, US, Australia, and NZ all share intelligence, which also allows them to get intelligence their own individual countries outlaw, meaning they all profit from whatever various programs they might be running.
I've seen pictures of these so-called ugly German cities, and none of them I would call ugly
So you need to run the heating or A/C 24/7.
Kind of an off topic question but does Rupert Murdoch control most of the big media companies in New Zealand like he does in Australia
You mean a slab of durries
It sounds quite pretentious nowdays
Résumé.
They turned out empty handed so the PM said "Fuck it, the regular police are fucking useless
The government is practically run by coal companies who funnel all their money into climate denial
(Fun fact, if we became a republic, Western Australia would most likely not join and maintain the title of 'commonwealth of Australia').
I regularly get mistaken as either German or Australian.
Which in this context means that if you don’t allow massive corporations to make as much money as possible while putting people’s lives at risk, you might as well just throw yourself in the gulag
They seem to work alright for Australia,and their coastline isn't exactly small.
As an Australian "perkele" is one of the one Finnish words I know
Δεν έχω κρασί στο ξενοδόχοι.
I had summers in Denmark where the weather topped out at 17
I like [these bus ones]
I quess the day is called Bastille Day in English?
There's only a handful of countries in the entire world that have unarmed police
It's entirely unrelated to nationality.
The Soviet mentality still exists
He didn't spend long in prison though, that cunt bastard and the rich fuckers in the Vatican managed to spend enough of their hoarded wealth to get him out
Look, the museum is awesome all round but an ironworks themed soft play was amazing for the kids I don't have and I definitely didn't play in it myself instead
I also know that New Zealand or Aotearoa has had the same case in forging their cultural identity too
Mitkos deli in Albion
Is that just when speaking Irish, or do you say that stuff when speaking English as well
There is a general sharp rise of populist xenophobic movements led by charismatic leaders who are very effectively exploiting fear and paranoia in their constituents.
Anything fascist related is still strongly ostracized in Italy, surprisingly more by youngsters with higher education background than adults of old people.
I'll be heading to Japan again in Oct/Nov this year and I'm wanting to show my husband around small alleys like this.
He's been cooped up inside for a really long time.
And all our taps are mixer taps
There's no way I'd personally be up for that.
The Australian model runs into problems with just a few hundred refugees.
Remember to document your trip and post back on here with the results as well :)
>Many Millennials don’t drink alcohol anymore
But whoever came up with the idea for whats now called the stolen generation (The few decades when the government kidnapped aboriginal children and forced them to act like Europeans
Cyclone Tracy hit the city of Darwin on Christmas day, 1974
We would prefer not to carry only cash.
The Netherlands is not "the land of the Nethers" (although I would like it if we referred to it as "the Nether regions") therefore there is no "Netherish".
Yeah I'm picturing Yucatan as very Cancun style, which I'm not overly keen on.
Radio free Europe's biases run in the pro-Ukrainian direction so if even they are saying the Ukrainian gov launched an offensive
nah, just trolling Australians with usual questions like if they're riding kangaroos to school, how do they feel in Europe when everything is upside down etc
Canberra is slot smaller than Sydney and Melbourne, but it is such a boring fucking city, I am honestly jealous of foreigners who have never heard of the place
I've checked the website but I can't find any information regarding what the airline's policy is regarding a delayed flight and missing the connecting flight.
A stick is very useful for this task
We are talking about Australia.
That sub spams r/all with Trump more than the_donald does, best to block both of them
] Fun to see it pop up again
Canada definitely wants closer connections with Europe but never explicily stated they weren't interested.
- Midnight Oil: My favourite band if all time, they make rock music and all of their songs are written about environmental, economic and social issues in Australia
Sun’s out, Guinness out
Reminds me of this opera song
Your son is an Aboriginal boy, around 9 or 10, who lives in a tiny town in Western Australia, out in the desert
What I disputed is the argument that this difference is based on religion.
Personally my favourite was Prague but I still had an awesome time in Budapest.
Iconic photo for an even more iconic Australian
It was a little Suzuki Jimny
South Australia definitely beat Finland in giving universal suffrage in 1894
>mfw I see 12 posts about America bombing Iran and how WW3 is now on the horizon
Iconic photo for an even more iconic Australian
There was a Dutch woman (who of course spoke perfect english, and i believe french as well) in my beginners class for German language
Japanese impressions of northern Europe from 1932
Australia was given independence in 1901.
Don't get me wrong, the language looks fascinating, but I can't get past the sounds
Well obviously people in the UK have a very Anglocentric view of the West, seeing Canada, Australia, New Zealand and to a much lesser extent the USA as UK-derived nations and seeing Europe as well, Europe - the core countries that form the very basis of being 'Western' in the first place along with the UK.
The people I like (for the most part, the arrogant US tourist stereotype can be accurate to some extent, but that goes with almost all stereotypes) but the government is absolutely shit in my opinion
It takes 28 hours to drive there from Adelaide, the closest city to it, and the only road between the 2 cities is only a 2 lane road
Can confirm, am a non tanned Italian from Australia
You have to either look at individual country travel guides or get a whole separate 'Eastern Europe' edition
Which is nice for us as we can forever hide behind the fact that DR Congo was private land of the king, not the country.
Ethnically they are still Chinese.
In The Crown, Charles is both very a sympathetic victim and also a giant douche, but we understand the complexities of the opposites to understand the character better
You have to be geninuenly blind if you can't see that the British empire was the biggest in history and had the greatest reach.
I think that the US should turf ANZUS as well.
Was funny
The pieces usually have 2-3x as much chicken
As a student try looking into exchange programs.
I know you're asking for the most cost effective travel, and this doesn't answer the question, but have you considered going to some of the less famous cities?
Implying Eastern Europeans are equivalent to Muslim Arabs.
This seems like anti-communist propaganda written by right wing chuds
I keep seeing pics of this place, keep saving in my future travel folder; just waiting for the r/urbanhell version (where they take a pic of an ugly building from relatively recent times in an outskirt suburb)
My purple one's still got a good 9 years on it
In the linguistics unit I took at university, the word vowel referred to letters and the phrase 'vowel sounds' was used to refer distinguish the two meanings
Because I believe it shouldn't be so.
It was shame though because the Tuaregs in Mali seemed to have legitimate reasons to rebel, but there rebellion was co opted by islamist opportunists.
>Also, London for all its faults apparently has more green spaces than any other European capital city
I already drive stick and hiring a car would not be a problem as I plan to buy a cheap car then enter it into some sort of novice race once in Sweden :p Are there any age restrictions on getting an international licence?
The thing is defining a country and its founding in specific terms for centuries past is a fraught endeavour, because the modern iteration of a 'nation state' as it is understood today has really only been a thing since the 19th century or so
It's expensive and annoying so don't bother.
So you have to say where you are from if you want someone experienced with your location to help.
just like Jiaozhou Bay during Chinese 'Century of humiliation'
Dutch and German have weird sentence structures (for English-speakers)
Australia is practising and marketing - SBS licensed the format from EBU and is making Asia-Pacific version of the contest.
This fantasy about replacing EU27 with Australia and Canada is too damn frequent among brexiteers.
May i suggest the USA, I hear it's lovely this time of the year.
I guess now it *is* a proper word
Don't drink none of that Frenchie water, you can't trust what they put in it!
So, although we sunbathed in the garden today, some of the houses in the neighbourhood have fake snow on them or reindeer made out of lights.
There might be 4 flights each day on a particular route but the cheapest fare may only be available on one of them.
Yep, colloquial or slang
Now I kinda wanna know what Kiwi’s are taught
Canadian and Australian researchers are doing just fine and come to conferences all over the world with no issue.
What are you going to do with a snowboard in Australia?
How old are you
I've seen them sleeping in trees regularly
We don't learn much about the second world war
After six pointless years of German, I'd be happy to be fluent even if it were a mongrel mix of German, Austrian, and Swiss.
It's worth noting that only 34% of the UK's service export go to the EU, 25% go to the USA and if you add in Canada and Australia to that I bet you're getting close to the 34% figure.
The Australian model doesn't work here so good because of different geography
Oh yeah
China, which represents a danger to Russia, "must, to the maximum degree possible, be dismantled".
I love this image
Why are you going to an airport 12 hours early?!?!?
Calling Sicilians 'Albanians in disguise' is hilarious though.
Also said we wont ever do x then a later x comes in.
We sometimes call people from New Zealand, "Kiwi's" (Think they call themselves that as well) but most of the time we call them Sheep Fuckers
00-18
She chose Australia, where she was a bartender for a year and ended up meeting her husband there.
That's what I do in Canada and it works well for me.
All those people had part of their wealth wiped away due to the German governments decision, and the ISDS case is what will bring it back.
Australia’s Cromwell Property Group launches €2 billion European Cities Income Fund | Realestatecoulisse.com
That's a moral argument, we engage in realpolitik, you can't blame us for your naivety
Nights and mornings can be below 10 during the day low 20s.
Voor Vorst, voor Vrijheid en voor Recht
Dank
we do, as do Americans and Canadians.
And roundtrip from NYC to Amsterdam was a less expensive option.
Do they see more inward migration from China/Japan or US/UK?
As stupid as switching sides jokes, right
If you listen to the young royals speak, they do still sound well spoken and kinda posh, but it's not that different to the way other people speak now
Monetary union without political/fiscal union, but yes, other than that you're exactly right.
It's for my ipad - I only need data, and international roaming on my phone is prohibitive from Australia.
I get a kinda Scottish vibe from him
The epitome of not giving a shit.
We would like to avoid staying in major cities like San Diego, L.A., Vegas, Denver, etc.
I would probably pick something like Australia or Canada.
So you are saying if you a Finn, go live in Rwanda and have children that are raised there, they are now Rwandans cause they will speak French, eat the food, dress like Rwandans?
But it's a risk, I am Baha'i and I'm not going to deny my Faith if I am asked what religion I follow.
this is how deluded followers of a bedouin warlord actually think
Also keeps the tax man out of her paycheck mostly.
We had 23 degrees last weekend, middle of winter, mind you
I mean there’s only so often I can rug up with a cup of hot milo and tell myself “well isn’t this fucking comfy” while trying not to cry lol
It sounds quite pretentious nowdays
It’s the extremes of temperature in Melbourne that mean you don’t often feel comfortable
And then there's rising and falling interest in it, so not always the best teams are sent
Absolutely wonderful people
Most don't realize it, but New Zealand and Australia are really, really, *really*, ***really*** far apart.
No judgement, just seems a bit weird
Banrock Station Contemporary Moscato 2016 South Australia
Anyway, rant over
...There was a cartoon
I have to admit, I was expecting that "grey, dreary, post-soviet industrial cityscape" that films always seem to portray Poland as
Oh yeah I like them too
Yet again, that is probably more short term good news for Australia aswell.
Yeah, I'll definitely have to do that; it sounds fabulous.
Also Australia is a nice place.
I think its just Serbias support and Kosovo is coloured the same because it's disputed.
That's one of my favorite parts of Australia.
When I watch the Olympics sometimes it feels weird seeing the names of people of Italian heritage from Canada, Australia, Argentina, Brazil or whatever country because it makes me think of the reasons why their parents/grandparents left the place they were born in to have a better life.
American pop culture is popular in Europe too but that doesn’t make Europe similar to the US either.
Downside would be that other then a Macca’s or shitty sushi there wasn’t really much in the way of food places that sold foods from other cuisines
I'm hoping that while I'm there (Expo 2017 being the main tourist drawcard at the time) there will also be a fairly big international push on too.
There are probably more comments made daily by people acting superior to McDonald's than there were Big Macs purchased on said day.
I get many compliments about my hat
Just like in some US cities they blocked off Black Lives Matter paint on the road
I would say even more so with people becoming quite hateful and holding a lot of anger for various reasons.
Do you feel like other comments that it's a British tradition
Like, lowest of the low wages in the US military
Definitely has a far more pronounced eastern vibe to most of Poland, and fascinating that it was the cradle of Esperanto in a way.
It comes from the old poem "Four and twenty blackbirds, baked in a pie"
Australia made it mandatory for kids to get vaccinated.
I honestly can’t think of any examples for Australia
my parents brought home this cup in 2005 for me and I still use it as a pen holder:
But Mussolini carried it through to power
Coming from a country with a binge drinking culture, yeah, we bring our own to parties unless  specified not to
I have two passports: Mexican and German.
I'm an American in Poland and over the years I've worked with folks from all over Europe, the US, Guatemala, Brazil, Mexico, India, China, Australia/NZ and probably some more that I've forgotten.
That's cool, but are there any fun animals on the other sides
> we also dislike removing posts that have a lot of engagement
Cockburn
Because 99% of the time it's the customers fault, like this situation.
Damn right about that, we want to know our scores compared to yours but they're not helping
Why would we let people from countries we're bombing into our country?
RIP in peace
What’s your word for Finnish then
This goes even further beyond what I thought, but I guess because you are a philosopher while my endeavours are very different.
"the religious" are a minority in secular Denmark
Or advice from people having experienced traveling with a baby.
Z.b. dein Brudi hat das Bier gekauft
It's a student city and the cultural capital, about a million people where more than 200,000 are students, has more than 400 pubs, bars and night clubs within a 1km radius of the centre, always parties going on, lots of live gigs, lots of great cheap food, beer is second only to Belgian in Europe (and this comes from someone that brews their own beer, travels hundreds of km out of their way to try a brewery, and so on).
Doesn't even have to be neighbours
From ["Letter of Columbus to the Nurse of Prince John"] page 378
I was going to say, they should all be in square brackets, because as far as I know we only use them for loan words, like café, naïve, and doppelgänger.
60000 is the widely accepted length of time
Yeah I hate how most movie plots are sometimes only fixated on the United States, and no other countries, even when it makes a lot of sense
Queensland, specifically Brisbane and the Gold Coast are popular destinations for domestic travel and I think it's a lot more popular now with international guests than it used to be
And don’t get me started when people would fly to Paris and not endure that day drive
Having had lots of Bud and Bud Lite in my day, I can say with certainty that it's not rebranded Bud.
Queensland becomes the new incest and vegan hotspot, and the Aboriginal population finally returns to Tasmania
But even in developing economies full of opportunity let's not pretend everything is fine
I heard with enough orphan blood, even mortal wounds can be regenerated by our Lizard Queen, Lizzie
Coming from the UK, visiting both Australia​ and the US, i have to say i definitely feel more at home in Australia than the states.
Because Apple Pay authenticates the user with a fingerprint, the limit doesn't apply if the merchant has made the necessary updates (some places didn't turn on the contactless reader for purchases over £30).
Random dude coming up from the man-hole, Hans Christen Andersen because he was there for one day or something ..
>native speaker of Germanic language
China and US are also each other's largest trading partner but that doesn't mean tensions can't run high and both Australia and new Zealand are very worried about China grabbing all of the spartly's which would mean the total control of all trades routes from the Pacific to indian ocean for both countries.
If those migrants keep coming, those concerns will shrink more and more, to the point where we don't give a fuck any longer, pretty much like Australia.
Scroll down on that same Wikipedia page.
It’s also in the most bio diverse corner of Australia
Hardly anyone around and I got to spend so much more time playing outside.
I was under the assumption to be considered a continent, everything had to be part of one continuous, large land mass
[I think it was taken from this point] The viewpoint is very easy to reach - just 100m off the main highway.
"We have one, don't know what it says , but if we encounter a problem well take a look at it"
University or Uni is a British thing and maybe Australians and New Zealanders say it as well.
What’s your word for Finnish then
Not even the biggest british europhiles would support an elected president.
(Hint: almost all arrive by plane, not by boat)
The huge parts of the island being off limits kinda sucks since Malta is already suck a small island
They are a generally very insecure nationality
Which is a shame because Europe has spectacular highlights the whole way east to west
Australian internet connection?
I feel closer to Australians than Turks.
That could be incentives to disperse large Muslim communities across an entire area so they are diluted within the population and more likely to assimilate to the culture.
I have a brief outline of my itinerary for my trip to Australia and New Zealand starting at the beginning of May.
Go back to your country if you don't like it in Australia, *mate*.
I use to follow Breitbart they had some interesting things from a conservitve perspective not all news on a site is equal and just because 1 piece is controversial it doesn't discredit other articles.
Experience the unlimited fun on Australia Expedition
I am an Australian/Brit thinking of going to Europe for 6 months to a year, going through Scandinavian countries and some eastern European countries - what are the laws regarding a driver's licence?
Yeah there's loads of them
And then there were the minks
Dunno what else would be different
I still do go back occasionally though.
So a non story with the bag checks then.
I strongly suspect that if the 1916 rebellion hadnt happened we would have moved to independence the same as Canada and Australia did (without any wars).
People can move to a new village, we can't relocate the reef.
They only provide you with VERY basic things you can easily do on your own.
It wont be a part of the system so it can strike up whatever deals are beneficial to it, it would only make sense that the EU would also make deals that benefit it most at the same time.
Sounds like Canberra to Australians.
Oiy Cunt I’m comin for ya
I would pay any amount of money to have an assassin's creed game in Colonial Australia
Nothing like going out for a walk in a singlet and coming back sunburnt as hell
Both of those are a lot closer to Europeans.
I would love to come to Australia.
Oh I see, XXXX isn't as popular as other brands here
Vienna especially looks beautiful to me
From what I remember from reading about his death, the waters were calm, I could be wrong though
I don't know the first thing of the horrors you must've been through as an Australian, sorry if your third world country of origin has entered your human rights with hands and feet.
When I was in Europe, the solidity of the walls and doors/windows being hermetically sealed gave me this weird kind of comfort - there's nothing more satisfying than knocking the wall and getting an unresponsive, quiet 'thunk thunk'.
My city is less than 200
Depends what is meant by diverse too, Americans often count having neighbours who are black or latino as "diverse" even if they are American and have been living there for several generations.
It’s +32c here
The idea had to come from somewhere
[Foux Da  Fa Fa]
How old are you
We continentals have co-opted the language now.
Israel is in the competition because they're in the European Broadcasting Union, and Australian participation is just a joke that has gone way too far.
Issac Newton predicts the far-right movement in Europe 280+ years ago
I think it will be easy with Australia as as soon as the referendum result was announced the Australian ambasador to the UK was on TV stating his countries intent on signing a free trade deal with Britain once EU negotiations had finished.
For example, look at Australia in the HDI: second rank in 2015, still second rank in 2016, but with a green arrow on rank position.
They try their hardest to keep as many people out as they can!
Also the Easter Rising exhibition at the GPO is worth a shout for people that enjoy history
Or simply hand waved away because “Australia’s always been like this
Also would Europeans support such a move?
If you can get off the beaten track a little there are some absolutely stunning islands, and I found the people in the country/provinces to be the most welcoming and friendly I've ever come across - just super happy to try out their english and ask about Australia.
Probably been allied for a lot longer but the earliest cooperation I know if is the ANZAC corps and the battle of Gallipoli in WWI
I suppose I should savour the purple while it lasts
Any news that challenges the mainstream political orthodoxy
It's so easy to cross borders within the Schengen zone, so you become quite accustomed to not even thinking about it
In fact, the farther away, the smaller the difference.
Jesus, I use my aircon practically all the time.
As an Aussie that's studied German I obviously get German and English
Where are the majority of Scottish Gaelic speakers based
Very little of which is acknowledged by the successor governments down here.
Yeah they're taxed to high heavens in a bid to discourage smoking
Wow just give China Australia...
Wait really
I'm trying to learn Caoine Cill Chais atm, but the difficult thing about learning Irish music is that just because you're listening to a recording of Irish people, doesn't necessarily mean they aren't also butchering the pronunciation
Have you definitely booked your flights to Dusseldorf?
Somehow I like the joke about Australia.
If any of the countries you intend to visit are as strict as the UK then you won't be able to get a visa to do workaway-style work at all.
Well that's where the 'unfairly' part comes from.
Sounds of then - GANGajang and any Midnight Oil song are also good
Australia is too big and has too much trade with China and Japan to make the EU a viable option.
It looks fucken amazing
And me
I live in an Australian state without a US embassy
Sémillon - Grapes and Wines from Australia
Sunrise at Ballera airport, SW Queensland, Australia
I guess i'm a bit iffy about couch surfing..
The Southwest of Western Australia can be pretty amazing.
Completely broken down and useless, they decided they wanted it anyway
You guys aren't falling for that again hey
Vegetable oil or butter is actually better
Ended up running off to Vanuatu, fiji, Australia and back for the winter.
But yes, different strokes for different folks which is fine
>I have to wait for the hot water to kick in
They call at times we rest, like 3-4pm
Nor have we eaten much Polish food so yum!
I was eating caviar in Lviv for the same price as McDonald’s here in the US
I learned all my American geography from popular music and Hollywood - not school
I have access to those because they came with my unit
Why you asking me
It's better saving Perth for a future trip to Australia instead of cramming it in this time.
Australia's most famous bushranger himself, Ned Kelly, also was aware of the cultural impact of it in colonial Australia, when while on the run in the late 1870s, and having briefly comandeered a pub, allegedly made one local lad play the famous folk song "Wild Colonial Boy" for him
[This Australian senator might have a thing or two to say about that.]
I mean, Australian politics is really boring, I don't think anyone had a reason to want to assassinate him, and the Chinese spy/submarine theory is just plain stupid to me
If we want to be specific like that, we'd say '24 hours'. I can't think of one time in my life where I would have needed that
However I also do not like the constant mischaracterisation of communism by so many people
I'm guessing that for younger generations in any country the answer will be English
But as people have pointed out in this thread, our salaries are still significantly lower than in the Western Europe (cost of living partly compensates for that but not fully), except for the IT field.
Whenever I said stuff in Korean there they were ecstatic
He took the thing by boat from Darwin to Singapore and then the rest of the journey was overland
For some reason there are people who will argue really hard that Hitler or the Nazis or whatever were not *really* racist but just pretending to be to achieve other goals.
I think that's a good answer because it's been around a while but does encapsulate Ireland's trials and tribulations, and aspirations for nationhood and independence
What do you call black people who aren't descended from Africa?
I think 1975 during the constitutional crisis when Gough got the boot was probably the first and only time a federal Australian government collapsed
This is a good idea like what Australia is doing.
Only one brand (Ski Queen) though and an organic food store in my city
Well, somehow a non-pasteurized cheese is living.
They're American wannabes like the rest of you /s
We made the list too
I think given my current unused Australian passport and 'first overseas trip' situation compared to yours, I feel like I'm somewhat overreacting, haha.
How has debate in Europe has changed post Trump Win
Is there usually any trouble as a result of this or is it just staring
ALL poorly integrated Dutch people in Australia are old?
The problem in Italy is corruption, high bureaucracy, tax evasion, and organized crime.
Anyone knows why French is the most popular in Australia?
They sound very regal
Look, i can be as proud of my country as the next guy, but stating:
90% of the "Immigrants" who came when they were accepting unskilled labor were from an almost identical culture as Australia.
People in rural areas have strong feelings about cities, because this is where the politicians and businesses and news sources are located
I'm a 23 F Australian planning a big trip around Europe and Asia.
(I've been there
It was just an example of countries with worse corruption than Australia
So we aren't going with "Swamp German" for the Dutch
You and I both know that Belgium is not the one with the millions in poverty, shit on the streets, arranged marriages.
It does not objectively prove that Germany has 'more' free speech than America, it just exemplifies *how it could be considered to have more free speech.*
I am actually so I'd love to know another
Get Brussels out of Brabant now!
Pauline Hanson is back in Aus too.
In my experience it will probably just look at you then go have sex with another monkey.
also all the WW1/2 wrecks too
East Asian countries along with Indochina also normally don't have any penalties for same-sex sexual activity and recognizes legal sex change for transsexuals but they don't usually permit same-sex unions, marriage or the right to adoption.
FYI: Nobody has died from a spider bite since the 70s, and most of the snakes are really chill, they just sort of stare at you for 30 seconds and then they piss off
It’s odd that Europeans are taught that Oceania is the continent
Th is just replaced with D in Dutch
Then my explanation was questioned so I did research which is what typically happens when trying to draw a conclusion with several conflicting opinions
The Turks I personally know in Australia are very anti-Erdogan and secular though.
Laughs is Australian
Looking to drive around Australia in a 4WD- mattress in the back, fridge in car etc etc.
But not 10 Euros either, because that just sounds stupid.
It should take you to the government website.
as an independent student I dont consider myself to be lower middle class.
Without a doubt try one of the seafood places on the waterfront.
I think we need better international cooperation to enforce deportation orders.
It's crazy in Australia that we just voted No, or our government did, it will be 2021 before it can be voted on again.
I see, no wonder I can't find out what it actually means
This is an exception to that rule.
) The awards are mostly optional, but the highest award is the Queen Scout Award (Which I think all commonwealth countries have) and this award looks better on resumes than the Duke of Edinburgh award, that's one reason why I'm trying to get mine, the other is that I spite the DOE award because I did the bronze DOE hike and it was shit
And by those rules it should be Englandic
Not sure how many records we will hit this summer
Considering you'll probably be our monarchy one day.
Any grasp of the factors that drove them to trade with Asian markets instead of us?
Oh that's better
I have no idea which currency it is but if it's USD and for both of you it's not the most amount of money when you're spending quite a bit of time in Phillipines.
An EU army means Ireland will play a part in potentially doing just that.
The average German has almost two ounces of gold?
In fact not only is the language rarely preserved in Australia, but Irish as an "ethnic identity" usually is faded after the 2nd or 3rd generation
I guess we might have higher plumbing standards or something
There's no kangaroos in Austria people!
I've looking for some easy countries to get a working visa, I only speak english and am Australian, I dont really mind what country but I dont have a degree (Just looking for farm work or even retail, but I'd like to be able to keep this trip going as long as possible so it'd be good to be able to save on the road for a bit)
He was doing it part-time, wasn't his day that year
Because instead of worrying about what you can *do* to improve your country, you're worrying about what opinion you should have.
Merry Christmas from Kangaroo land
On the 100th anniversary of his death his remains were dug up from his grave in his village and moved to the Pantheon in Paris - except for his hands
I would be devestated if I didn't get a chance to experience it before it's all gone.
Australia is part of United Kingdom, therefore part of Europe.
And it's still early in the fire season
Books had chapters about all English speaking countries.
There is about 100,000 homeless Australians, they should receive shelter firsr and only afterwards check if there are any foreigners that need shelter.
Good times
Obviously you can build a wall and then let those people sit in front of your wall, but morally it really does not matter if you build a camp just inside or just outside of your border.
Umm excuse me
Like Sparta
Same in Australia, unless you got some super cheap/old stuff
So it's a little cruel to mock them for not reaching that through no fault of their own
I don't know if I could differenciate an Australian or a South African one from an American one though.
I live in Australia, but I'm American.
The vin fiert in lodge capped off an already perfect experience
Maybe except the nobles, but they were most English so I don’t think they count
Most English-speakers have never heard of a 'milliard'.
Not so much geographically, of course, but on all the other aspects
In Serbia middle names such as ones that are given (in english and other languages) don’ t really exist
Better than nothing though
Where we are positioned, the weather can be very erratic
25 for them is long sleeve, for me it's a t-shirt
What is the most beautiful sounding language that you have heard
Both of those criteria don't apply to me.
Pretend you're a tourist in Australia and see other parts of the country, its much cheaper and easier to do over short periods of time (until your next international trip).
How so, in 2016 unemployment fell, services grew, UK was fastest growing economy in G7, many companies have settled HQ's in the capital, Bank of England has revised 2017/18 growth rates up 4 times to 2.0%, polls suggest Scotland and NI want to stay, trade deals are looking likely from Australia, NZ, US etc...
I admittedly haven't been to America, but I have lived in Italy for a year, and I've been to England (London and Bath).
May very well could be wrong, but if we ignore non-native speakers...doesn't sound American, Australian or New Zealand.
1800: Sydney
Domestic companies which are probably also owned by various types of foreigners, just as people from your country probably own parts of foreign companies in their retirement share portfolios?
People are mislead about snakes in Oz...
So our only decent choices are Canada, Australia and NZ?
And we nearly always refer to Australians as convicts rather than prisoners.
HRW goes over some of the issues that occurred in 2015 [here.]
I'm sure many of you have seen the video of the Scottish reporter who was convinced she was holding a "drop bear".
I imagine it had to do with the US and Canada being a lot closer to Europe which made them a lot easier to get to than Australia.
You don't need a data connection.
It's the same here that the 24th is just a waiting day, nothing special
Heading to San Juan del Sur for a friend's birthday but have the following week to see the sites.
NZs PM resigned a few hours ago, though just to retire early and gracefully.
san marino, does that count
A "temporary passport" is different to a "temporary travel document".
Seems a weird thing to not have in a language
Thinking of hitting up the Baltics (+ St Petersburg) this Summer but would like to see something outside of just the capitals - small towns would be great but even better would be any hiking trails you can recommend (mountains are a plus).
I've heard multiple times that Americans nob longer use shall
Thank you so much that's really interesting
Also you guys invented the Cyrillic alphabet, it wasn't Russia (Which some people seem to think they did)
Oh man this conversation has me in tears
They could just live in the surrounding areas in France.
Any unfortunate hand will be crushed, and attempts to withdraw will cause the Wombat to simply bear down harder
Does anyone uses the name "Vauxhall" except the British and Australians?
She blossomed into a person who cares about local issues such as noise pollution as a Swiss.
Everyone is different and while it is expected to become American by culture and citizenship, it is also understandable to remain different based on your heritage.
An event we're all taught about in school is the Eureka revolution
TIL Australia hates the whole world.
At the same time because so few women want to participate in porn, women are exploited via human trafficking, drugs, debts, mental issues ect
If you have, you'll realise why it's not commonly eaten in Australia
It's a small town with a population of a few thousand with a high percentage of them being of aboriginal descent
I was bored by day 4 I went to a water park with some newly made friends from a hostel.
Hi there, I've done quite a fair bit of traveling, have stayed in Australia for a couple years, backpacked through South America and Southeast Asia, and done Western Europe through the summer, but all in all, it's mostly been during fair, warm, or humid weather.
Our customs agents really like to make up their own rules, they were still trying to enforce Trump's stupid travel ban after it had been halted by the court.
My favorite accents are the Australian accent and the Southern American accent.
Basically because the NHS is really not worth working in.
Seriously, why would EU not accept Australia's membership application, if they asked?
We just say 'just right'
When I go to select my seats on the Etihad website it says to contact them.
This is the reason I asked the question, I figured there would be phones that are not often heard of in Aus/US :)
where do we sign up to allow free passage between UK, Canada, and Australia?
My Chinese sister in law got asked if she was German a lot when she visited Greece
In practice, you can sometimes get a 3rd tourist visa (assuming you leave before 90 days).
Not always, but always be ready for it
Australian here in Norway
Actually, some people don't even speak English as they firsts language in this nations.
Fun fact, Major General Alan Stretton, the man in charge of the evacuation of Darwin after the cyclone hit, went on a holiday trip to China in the 90s, and was followed by Chinese spies
I love that Australia is congratulating amongst the Europeans
London is always worth a visit.
no, it seems service 1F43 was within 1 minute of schedule
Surely you mean east Sweden
Also ptasie mleczko I have a taste for since my time in Poland heh
I've been to a bunch of cities in Poland, and Białystok seemed to have the most different vibe to me, felt more culturally Eastern to me than basically any other big city
All this is based on NSW and I'm not too sure about the other states (I think QLD don't have Kindergarten) but I don't think they vary too far from this
You just gave me the biggest shot of nostalgia!
I mean, I'm all for locking them up while they are processed but there are literally cases of children attempting suicide.
I never get insurance through the airline - I always buy it separately for international trips.
A few other Germans commented that too, apparently your other bad moustache man, Wilhelm, attempted a genocide on the African population am I correct
It should probably be "territories" rather than "countries", especially for Africa (since the countries themselves didn't exist).
I admire the workers on the airport.
No mall checks in Australia, but at museums they make you put a bag into cloak check and any sort of concert they have done a bag check for probably decades (Mainly to stop people bringing in alcohol and not paying their insane prices though;) ).
One example would be that after legalization, there's pressure to put more gay couples in advertising and television shows to make it seem more normal instead of that standard nuclear families.
Sorry Belgium
They were lovely places, very interesting, but the flight is so far.
Such people generally seem to have an issue with Islam itself, rather than the region that these people come from, at least this is what I have seen.
When you go to Cyprus, you can see a giant Turkish flag from the Greek side of Nicosia and it even lights up at night
This is dumb
Love how Turkey is Europe but Russia isn't.
) change the word to suit to the language, but English tends to avoid that now
After the whole "Worst Phone call yet" between Donald Trump and Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull, I am hoping that the Australians actually get on board with this one!
The money was used a lot for these kind of things) and turned it into a loan, which may effect the amount of people doing these kind of things.
On colonial Australia too, some of the tidbits of history that occurred are wild, and not even well known in their own country
It will reduce the numbers if all of Europe gets on board with it however.
Was it about the food
By comparison, Melbourne climate is terrific
I bet my left testicle we could strike a deal with one of NAfr countries to house those immigrants in some temporary camps.
let's see if this frenzy's flu reaches them too ( I hope not )
1800: Sydney
I too hope to see more countries set up camps where journalists are not allowed to go to and doctors are not allowed to publicly describe because of the dire conditions there.
It's actually POHM (prison of her majesty)
We made wifi
A unreformed EU will collapse sooner or later.
- There are over 500 Aboriginal nations (They don't like being called tribes) each with their own unique language, stories and teachings
Australia here
Imagine being a Polish soldier, liberating the Netherlands and being so close to Poland, yet never being allowed to return under risk of being jailed or worse
I've seen reports that in the north, as areas that had permafrost or always covered in ice begin to warm, there are interesting finds
I'm in Gimmelwald currently and skiing in val D'Isere (France) in a week, the jungfrau region where I am now looks like it's great for skiing, snow looks good too and weather is beautiful, staying in the mountain hostel which is great by the way
Umm excuse me
I would actually prefer if there was some economic segregation in the European Union, so that only high-income countries could join, and therefore countries like Australia, Canada, or even non-white rich countries could join.
One doesn't make the other redundant.
The videos I posted are meant to show you how bad some areas of Sweden have gotten due to middle eastern immigration and how hostile they are.
But yes, different strokes for different folks which is fine
Hawaii
As the lady said, the Australians are just too cowardly to grant these people the mercy of deaths like many ask for, since it would be more human than what they are doing now.
It makes me uncomfortable
My cousin and I were walking near the beach just after midnight and this guy approaches and offers to sell us some weed
Australia is still a step ahead of them both.
If I eat them, or anything cooked alongside them, I throw up all over the walls
Thanks for the response mate
Catalan is at least very similar to Spanish
Malta was ranked number five in the World Health Organization's ranking of the world's health systems,[142] compared to the United States (at 37), Australia (at 32), United Kingdom (at 18) and Canada (at 30).
^Eurovision ^countries ^count ^right?
Isn't Fillon fairly pro-russian anyway?
Not so much country, but you can usually tell people from certain regions and the ethnic groups that are native to them
Just curious to hear from an Italian what it's like
Alicanteven
A very well presented modern style of museum that I found engaging and relatable
Car needs to be a Fiat Panda Young with more dents and scratches
Both just flew over where he lived in serbia, They were fighting eachother, as one was firing the one in front did a loop to a avoid the other I can't remember the story completely I just remember the way he described it sounded pretty scary
It's a fantastic day trip from Helsinki
Not a single soul would have problems with Western (Australia, NZ, Canada and the US) immigrants.
Australia - "Hold my beer, we're taking the ute to the Drive-Thru Bottle-O"
Flat track road
In this case, a primitive tank was named after him
Sorry for the rant
It's pretty safe but I prefer to lock it
When I was looking for visa on Australia's website, the 601 didn't come up as an option.
I think all governments are shit right now
Yep, the 1962 date is when all races could vote in Australia.
No shit, if they are only testing rich, urban centres like Shanghai or Macao, Chinese results would be better.
That doesn't mean the UK and Australia any increase relations bilaterally.
Our ties with India are of course robust and cordial, but a relationship similar to that we have with the aforementioned three is difficult to reproduce.
My girlfriend is Japanese and did a working holiday in Dresden.
Its taken over 6 years to negotiate with India, 10 years to finish negotiations with China and they started negotiating with the US in 1992 and finally implemented an agreement in 2005 (with the final rounds of negotiations taking 4 years).
I never cry when I play Ode to Joy in the car, but bloody hell, the tears are running.
Facts About Australia Riesling Wines
Because of that, our immigrants actually have a higher employment rate than the natives and we also have the lowest poverty gap between our non-EU immigrants and the rest of the population (natives + EU migrants).
Exactly
No idea why people are downvoting you (and me).
Was it not the case, back in the old East German days, that East Germans would have holidays in these other countries, since places on the other side of the Iron Curtain were not accessible to them
Yay for the Aussie mention
Well they were both progressive.
European colonization literally wouldn't have been possible otherwise -- you didn't see European colonies displacing indigenous people elsewhere in the world (other than Australia, which was a somewhat similar story).
Well the Australians have drop bears which are a close relation to the koala bear except unlike koalas, drop bears can kill you although fatalities to date are rare.
I can't say anything as I am not someone living in Europe but I would guess that those who "bash" muslims would not feel too happy about those particular groups of people either as they are still essentially following the same belief system that the Arab muslims are following.
How do people live while studying ?
I was also considering Brisbane / Gold Coast / Sunshine Coast in Australia and Auckland, NZ.
How do these people live
I don't believe everything I read, on Internet or otherwise, but statistics for murder are what they are, and I'm trying to understand them.
What countries have you had in prior years?
(An emu hit by a truck after the war was found with 5 bullets in its flesh and still alive
*Ahem* Gough Whitlam *Ahem*
I am so happy to see the rejection of the Far Right this past week.
Faced with insurmountable odds and impossible problems, they smile disarmingly and look for a stick
I don't mean to be ignorant with this question - please forgive me if I am - but I'm heading to Kazakhstan later in the year.
Literally
Didn't have enough money to explore more, need to go back.
That said, Australia is a better place to live than pretty much anywhere in Europe, shouldn't need Brexit to justify moving there.
You just look like a cunt instead
>Before that, I'd just use less with everything
The original photo looks way better - much nicer shots.
Ohhh I see, thankyou
Are the TGV usually on time, or are they as bad as DB
Have you not heard anything about Irish politics in the past fifty years?
During the Victorian gold rush a bunch of miner were pissed that they needed a license to mine so they built a fort, made their own flag and basically told the British government to fuck off
I've heard it's closer to the american Santa Claus, but I'm really not convinced.
Plus if Trump genuinely is a bumbling moron then hopefully we should be able to get very beneficial terms.
Yeah but North America is a statistical outlier and shouldn't count just like Australia.
However, in English resume is also accepted
I didn't even know that accent existed in Dutch
Nope, I just enjoy all the international subs...I'm on Ask an American and Ask an Australian as well
It was never 'German'. You need to learn the difference
See Also: "Deserts: How to die in them", "The Stick: Second most useful thing ever" and "Poisonous and Venomous arachnids, insects, animals, trees, shrubs, fish and sheep of Australia, volumes 1-42"
But even the
I'm Australian & this looks fan-fucking-tastic
To be fair, I would not expect that much imigrants from EU to Australia.
Most indeed fled to Sweden or Germany in 1944 (about 7% of the entire population), got scared in Sweden after they deported some of them back to the USSR (an act for which Sweden officially apologized only in 1994) and wanted to leave Germany because of harsh poverty and started to leave to mainly Australia, the US and Canada, but also to Brazil, Venezuela and Argentina in about 1946.
My Dad & step-Mum will also be there.
Maybe I'll try it out next time as I'd have to agree some of the buses can be way longer than they have to be, and the comfort would be nice, thanks
Probably going to Taiwan, Korea, Japan and then Australia.
Always carry a stick
~~Thousand~~ Twelve Year Reich
They were complaining about the mutilation of there fellow colonists
I want to go back with my family.
Languages I know/been learning for years:
" ALWAYS go along with it, our favourite past time is feeding tourists bullshit
Not that it makes much of a difference now Australia is part of it anyway.
If Europe grows some balls and fights for the spirit of the native people it will be easy to solve.
i think you're kind of misinterpreting what he's saying.
Some schools also offer bilingual English-Dutch education, I had my first 3 years of high school in english, all subjects except Dutch and other languages were taught in English.
Stories vary but the main idea is that a panther escaped from a circus a long time ago and bred with feral cats
Most emigration to the US happened before WWI.
If medical transport is not an option, is it possible to get him to Thailand?
I think Australia is bound to win at some point, because they have a natural advantage: as an outsider, they are significantly less hated by the other countries :p
Legally there is no such thing as an international-to-international connection in the US (unlike most countries).
* Females: 18+ 65
04234528% short of the majority needed
Oh well
You know, Australia is independent country with rich mine deposits and lot of sus/nice weather while all those Siberian Republics/Oblasts/Krais were subject of Tsarist Russia/USSR and still are subject of Russia.
Culturally I feel closer to Australia/New Zealand.
The majority of Australians view voting as a civil responsibility, even if there are those who don't take it seriously
During the nazi occupation the locals were hiding British (and Allied) troops in their homes.
Worse, I don't even have a licence!
The Russians made the Buran orbiters to be their version of the shuttle, and in most ways the Buran was actually better than the American orbiter
Completely broken down and useless, they decided they wanted it anyway
Wow
It's a recent change, because I thought the same thing but someone pointed it out to me.
Old Class C felony drug conviction.
The Eureka stockade flag, it came from a very short lived revolution during the Victorian Gold Rush, a bunch of gold miners rebelled and fought against the British government because they didn't want to get a license to mine gold
> they consistently tended to refuse to read error messages which were telling what to do
Often at great expense due to existing trade agreements that they’re unable to break
The Dutch hosts said a small 200 million people watch it across the world.
It's not like ISIS is radicalizing the Chinese or Ukrainian or Australian immigrants in France.
Oh, Melbourne, that makes sense
I didnt have it till about 4 years ago
from i consume a lot of Japanese content and if i wanted to with a Japanese base i could go on to learn Korean fairly easily and German is interesting, same as (though not as much as German and Japanese to me) French but with a French base i could learn Italian and Spanish (or Romanian) fairly easily
You won't be able to access the free insurance or "free" colleges (here in Australia, you don't have to pay upfront, but you do eventually pay) without the correct visa or even citizenship.
I use my phone but also carry a point and shoot waterproof Pentax Wg2 camera for normal use as well as action shots.
If that isn't the article you were looking for then this certainly is:
Australians impressed me for being so active.
people are buying 12 packs each
That being said a vindaloo can fuck me up if I haven’t been eating curries lately lmao
While we're at it, add Australia and New Zealand and we're good to go, Anglosphere unite!
Well the majority was either lost due to revolution by European settlers (much of South America/USA), given independence peacefully (Australia/Canada) or given independence after violence but no revolution (India/much of Africa).
My poor kid proudly told his teacher the name of his YiaYia' s village and yeah she asked him if it was a suburb in Athens
Me and one of my friends have been trying to teach our Swedish friend to pronounce the letter J, when talking to my friend she always calls him "Yack" instead of "Jack".
Far Right antisemitism doesn't seem to be a problem anymore.
Australia and NZ have been pulling closer to Asian countries than to Anglo countries.
You'll end up being a shelf stocker at a supermarket
The second way the wombat kills people relates to its burrowing behaviour
While nobody knows what exactly will happen post-Brexit, the UK at least has a fairly clear path forward especially if America's nationalist resurgence leaks into the rest of the Five Eyes.
Or quote anything from it
The UK is going to learn its real place in the world come post-Brexit
Be warned
It's 12:20 am and I pissed myself laughing
Australia is going down the shitter; I'd like to take my skills to Europe, and Czech sound like a good idea
An Australian who doesn't eat Vegemite
The depression leads to alcoholism, the alcoholism leads to crime and so on
And saying Shakespeare was Dutch is still a hangable offence in the UK ;)
I love that Australia is congratulating amongst the Europeans
I can't wait until humans have the technology required to make our world's deserts and mountains into habitable places on a large scale.
My great great grandfather emigrated from Skye to Australia 107 years ago
In most British English the R is dropped, not the L.
Or something else with not much spam in it
The dialects differ, but the wiki is pretty much solely the Dutch Limburg's version (predominantly Mestreechs).
- The Chats: A very Australian band, all of their songs are based on Aussie humour and contain A LOT of Australian slang that I don't think many Europeans will understand
Then you go home and have to switch it back on your head
Was about to ask ' Why is the UK in grey
You'll hear both forms here, although I feel like The Netherlands is starting to become more common now
True, that makes sense as to why you guys speak it so well.
That might be the anglosphere or Asia.
Northern Italy
In America and Australia, walls are literally just a [wooden frame with plaster on it.] If you accidentally bump into it (like elbowing it or something) it can get dented easily.
Do you think Australia and Canada are successful multicultural societies, or not?
They are a really bad invasive species here
Well I meant homicide by firearm obviously.
Those are all of the main spots in Morocco that people hit, other than maybe Casablanca which IMO is skippable.
Wouldn’t that cause the same problem the other way, with Sjælland being the same distance away from Aarhus
Okay guys, I'm all for support against corruption and everything.
And Australia, and the US and Botswana and everywhere else that is importing South African farmers.
I've seen art galleries do this all the time
The mitigating factor is that One Nation which is the populist party is extremely rural-oriented and anti-vaxx, racist (to Asians as well as MENA) which turns off people who might distrust only the religion of Islam.
And then there were the minks
For 600, after paying hundreds if not thousands for a dedicated line to your home, you get a garunteed symmetrical 1000/1000 plan
I have had it for many years, it's my favourite thing
All of my Christian friends say grace.
His most notable achievement is shitting his pants at Engadine Maccas in 1997
In New Jersey we have created the widely recognized metric of how many fucks we chose to give in a certain moment
So I'm not gonna be surprised if I'm in Italy and people speak predominantly Italian
I feel like there is enough demand for a replacement for Reddit aimed at a global context
Man I remember camping in Canberra in -3 and fucking freezing like it was the end of the world
Edit: now I think of it, any complex machinery tends to be female in general - planes, trains, motorbikes
Oops, I’m lost - this is r/askeurope
Glorious
Windshield phenomenon
I have no idea how you got upvoted
Cricket is popular in Australia, Bangladesh, India, Pakistan, South Africa, England, New Zealand and many other countries but it is very popular in those countries unlike your sports which aren't popular anywhere except your country and Japan.
That's the only explanation I can think of.
It’s like you guys and Africa got all the big, dangerous, Will-chase-you-down-and-eat-you animals, we got the small but stupidly venemous ones, and Europe’s just chillin’.
The different groups in Australian scouting go from Joey's, Cubs, Scouts, Venturers and Rovers
reason whatsoever
Which is why it seems you can find Australians even in the most remote hostels
We asked a local if there were any other cool places to see in the area and he recommended Lucca.
Oh fuck we made it on the list
Never been evil enough to try a real Dutch oven though
This was built in the 60s.
America First, Australia Second
Ok so here is how it worked out for me.
ha thought the same thing, Cinque Terre is the most posted place on this subreddit.
Don't call Austrians Australians.
Making a gap year in Australia is even more basic
And the unionist version of "The Men Behind the Wire"  is dreadfully boring- should've named that one something else so it wouldn't get conpared to the Republican one
Greece, Turkey, the Balkans, Netherlands, Belgium, Peru, Australia, New Zealand, Jordan, Turkey, Egypt, Russia.
It's a bigger numerical difference between Norway and Netherlands then between Netherlands - Switzerland, Switzerland - Australia and so on.
blue saturation slider for the win!
It is true that of the 10 most poisonous arachnids on the planet, Australia has 9
You do realize that it was mostly humor, right?
Aussie here, sad days to see such a reasonable request belittled.
Would Australia be able to help since we are experienced in bushfires
They left the bedroom door open and I could see them both lying in the bed with their shirts off staring at me
Super interested how they do fines for Non EU Tourists
If you are coming from another country, you forfeit what you catch.
I personally would love to work in France sometime in the future once I have built a career so someone like Le Pen would be harmful because I think she will be xenophobic to everyone, even people from 1st world non-EU countries like Australia.
Pot calling the kettle black
In Australia, I'm pretty sure we cut welfare payments for people who refuse to vaccinate their kids
The royal family is great for making money.
Also, the adoption of this Constitution doesn't seem to have been such a major change to existing practice.
Wine Australia to Fund AUD 5.3 Mn Exclusively for Shiraz Wines R&D
Sucked in New Zealand, don’t even produce the most kiwi fruit
Universities in Australia are overwhelmingly liners and filled with bad ideas that I myself as well as most young people my age have no business hearing.
That leaves you maybe S America, Colombia has been cheap to fly into or Central and North America.
I have no experience with Poland outside of crude jokes, but emergency passports should not be more than a few days, as they're designed for...emergencies.
Every time someone takes a British sentence and calls it Australian (especially in /r/europe), I shed a tear.
In the UK and Europe, the Welsh are called the sheep shaggers
Trump talks shit about women, Erdoğan tries to legalize rape.
Rip looking for it in Australia and I find good quality 80g for $45
Anglo-Saxon Countries, like the United States, are like a *graft* of Europe in America and in Oceania because the indigenous people...
It's a massive port city and considered to be the Cocaine capital of Europe
Amtrak from DC Union Station to NY Pennsylvania station for Hamilton - should we expect delays?
Hi there, I'm (19M ) a second year Australian uni student in Sydney who's thinking of travelling for the first time to the Southwest US.
People want less immigration, so it doesn't help it the EU doesn't allow it.
Is Fillon especially bad or do you just prefer Macron?
Waltzing Matilda
And then you completely forget to take your passport when you want to cross a non-Schengen border
Correction: I don't know ANYTHING about Estonian law
I loved them, and had such a crush on Panacea haha.
Are there any places in your country with boring, obvious or bland names
If you don't mind me asking, were you just born there or have you moved there for some kind of work
And by those rules it should be Englandic
Starting level vehicle - bicycle
>You guys should not only adopt the word but the culture as well
I have almost certainly missed some, I might edit this later to include more
As for the Zurich week, it's more of a switzerland week as we will be doing venturing around the country on day trips more then anything, it's more so the fact the free housing in the city to come back to if we dont feel like staying the night.
Cunt = Mate
In Australia we often refer to biscuits as "bickies" and chocolate as "choccy"
-Jim Jefferies
If you take a look at the map #Global_LGBT_Rights_Maps) you'll see that LGBT rights are at a good spot in Europe and the Americas (North and South, not so much in Central America and the Carribean).
There's a role we get our names signed of on
(It stands for Royal Canadian Mounted Police I believe
When I hear the Dutch speaking, my first thought is that I've had a stroke
Visitors to Iran, Iraq, Syria or Sudan have not been eligible for visa waiver for quite some time.
Well they're not Slavic are they
"Speak German you son of a bitch"
Maybe commonwealth countries
The environmentalist political party in our country are deliberately lighting fires to trick people into thinking climate change is worse than it is
>Meh, I don't think the knife wielding is that well known stereotype beyond scandinavia
My advice to you is to get an International Drivers Licence which allowes you to drive within EU and learn to drive stick since vast majority of cars is manual.
Sorry to get real in this sarcasm thread but it’s the fact is not enough people around the entire world gives a shit
Yes, although I’m honestly surprised that it hasn’t been legalised here already considering how much money the government could make by taxing it
I'd recommend the Mount Kosciuszko walk to almost anyone.
thats a fair enough standpoint, but to also be fair, the leave campaign centered much of its campaign around economic concerns to try and win support from struggling people, and then reneged on those promises once they won, which suggests brexit was more about economics than national sovereignty to begin with
If I worked at a metal smelter or an airport, I'd rather live a little further away for my quality of life
Reform isn't some magical movement that will 'westernise' Islam.
It’s a super endearing part of who you are
The ones that survived learned respect for the balance of nature, man's proper place in the scheme of things, and spiders
Just ones purchased from the chemist.
If you are willing to pay for a boat, there are still reefs that are pretty pristine.
Might have changed now
Do you want to go to school at OCI?
You think brexit is worse than losing a multi-continental empire
And here I thought New Zealand was to the East of Australia
My immediate thought: EU/EEA, **US** and the older commonwealth realms Australia, NZ and Canada.
I must be really unlucky, I've lived in apartments in circular quay, brisbane CBD, the Adelaide suburbs and Perth CBD in the past 20 years and never had a location with good internet
Until this very moment, I had always thought 'avocado' was a Spanish word lol
We are both Australian citizens (and British dual passport holders) travelling on our Australian passports in which we have our visas for Russia.
Then moved to Australia for a year and worked there, saved up enough to travel central and south america for 7 months.
You have a year after confirmation to enter Australia, then your WHV starts when you get to the country.
My main impression of Paris in the summertime was that it smelt like piss
I just really really really hate summer/hot weather.
Llanfair­pwllgwyngyll­gogery­chwyrn­drobwll­llan­tysilio­gogo­goch incorrectly, an Eldritch Abomination will be summoned
When people here in Sweden ask me why Australian people are so easy going I like to say it's because we are all abusing antidepressants and mixing it with booze.
That's really impressive and makes me angry we haven't done the same with all our mineral wealth in Australia
Given how global warming is going, it'd have to take a giant change everywhere around the world to make any difference for the corals.
- Instead if using our taxpayer money to fund firefighting, granted it sporting centres for 0 fucking reason
Whereas it is a generic Mid west American Accent or something funky like the Jamaican Accent, we are all used to natives speaking English differently
We were the first country to use polymer banknotes instead of paper ones
Sadly it has infected the political discourse in Australia too.
A sausage wrapped up in a slice of white bread, with tomato sauce and onions
I had poor social and life skills a few years ago so that would have helped me soo much.
If it were up to the voters it would be.
I don't get why they didn't release his full name.
So do we mate
8% 14+ 12
I love Australia (who doesn't?), and this piece is silly but yeah, I don't see it happening.
Guess its an unpopular one
Doesn't mean there's an "anti-Australian" bias, just that an American or Australian perspective is not on topic here.
Australians must feel right at home
Limited time in Northern Norway...
That's fair, they sure love their marches up there
The same spots they were during previous exchanges.
Won in which competition
Russia was in G8 and yes, one could argue if it shold be Australia or Russia, however neither of those options are surprising.
Hey, we have [Solo] here in Australia as well
I'd switch Australia for Ireland and Canada for France just because they are two amazing countries
You HAVE to see San Pedro de Atacama in Chile and Salar de Uyuni in Bolivia.
While PV is easily scaleable, the ability to store heat chemically to produce heat/power during the night will put solar thermal ahead.
common Wombat
I like the German and Dutch languages, but I think I still prefer the (modern) English word order and structure (sorry
I think Europeans and Americans should appreciate that cross country driving is a far more serious undertaking in Australia.
I read an article that said that the Great Barrier Reef in Australia; which is one of the natural wonders of the world, is dying.
If I get to call myself a “Waffenhandler” then count me in
(Don't forget Canada!!)..one big one in the south east (Australia)....those countries also have an effect on their neighbouring countries, so south American countries tend to learn English because of America and to a lesser extent Canada.
Have hardly seen my own state let alone two that it borders, despite having relatively free weekends.
We rescued tons of Haitians from drowning, and returned them to Haiti.
The USA were/are the good guys in this conflict.
Well that was the original Stormfront brigading the first time around.
Thank you for the response and the articulation
the Australian PM had to appear on radio
I'll be going to all the major tourist attractions - NYC, LA, San Francisco, Las Vegas and such, so rural coverage problems shouldn't be an issue.
Even tools turn into top blokes after death
Are you asking a Bulgarian why he hasn't served in the U.S.
Low wage earners in Australia get more towards their pension by their employer than they pay in tax, and we have universal healthcare.
I now want to hear Hungarian country music with cowboy György going "jíííhaaa" doing the rodeo on one of these.
I remember when sighing or looking at a watch was highly unbecoming of a presidential candidate.
Bobadilla reported to Spain that Columbus regularly used torture and mutilation to govern Hispaniola
No, to Australians and New Zealanders it looks like an affair that nearly destroyed our marriage.
Australia is blue becuase there's still quite a few old folks still kicking.
Definitely the Netherlands
Idk, there is no history
My dads friend was born in Germany and she says she never really learned about ww2, she just knew they lost and committed war crimes
Your visa expires in Australia?
Quokkas do certainly appear friendly but one can never know their true intentions
But even that still helps me with understanding old texts
France can make it work if there is political will.
Yep, the EU and specifically Angela Merkel are to blame here.
I actually find the winter in Berlin more manageable than winter in Melbourne
The idea had to come from somewhere
The US should stop its climate change denial and contribute more but it is not responsible for the rest of the world.
I liked Getafix best
Greece has been in the empire longer than the Roman Empire existed (Remember Byzantium existed for longer than the Romans became a nation)
Obligatory "come to Australia if you want heat blah blah blah" comment
Yeah nah Aussie accent is not as homogeneous as people think
Mount Disappointment
It's a song about the oppression and land seizure of Aboriginal Australians by white settlers
As our summers are opposite and we both have big bush/wild fire seasons we help each other out with personnel and share water bombing aircraft
Maria the Copt was a concubine gifted to him (along with her sister) by the ruler of Egypt
A lot of people get quite annoyed with Americans coming over for some reason or another.
Japanese impressions of northern Europe from 1932
And the UK is not significant market for us anymore since they joined the EU.
German also looks very tough
Missing Birkenstocks
Zoom out and zoom in an another one.
Are you an Australian of Italian Heritage?
I feel like Australia and NZ would fit in fairly easy, compared to the United States.
It's just the whole "ett" and "en" thing that annoys me greatly
I'm laid back though so I have that going for me
Mangos
But I'm really just curious as to wether Merkel is consistent...
Is it related to “Spumante” the sparkling wine
So to take a break between contracts has no impact on long term career or earning potential.
Nah, you're the barbarian pigs ...
How did the UK think they could get a good deal against them
Meat consumed is the biggest contributor to climate change no and no country is taking steps to improve that.
Not European but I went to Adelaide once
IMO it wasn't a mutually exclusive choice, although I'm sure the Australians would disagree since their relations with the UK were pretty much limited to trade by that point.
I believe that older gps chips were instructed to shut off if a device was traveling at a certain speed, so my guess is your iPhone 4 probably had one of those older chips.
Penang, Malaysia would be my top pick for you.
I am actually so I'd love to know another
I wanted to know about relocating campervans and motorhomes across Europe.
Can't go out on Christmas Day because practically everything is closed
Australian Cultural Centre Open day
I was always taught Australia invented that
I went to a double header on Saturday at Croke park.
(Beds are burning is about the stolen generation, Dreamworld is about the construction of the Dreamworld theme park, etc)
I was an expat kid in Sai Kung.
The whole list is a bit strange, they conveniently forgot a bunch of countries with much larger white populations such as Germany, Russia and USA.
I was with a mate in Pisa and we got bored after an hour.
Germany owes 'vast' sums of money for NATO, claims US President Donald Trump
Did you know that, for example, even in Donetsk with nearly 100% Russian-speaking population, the cinemas weren't allowed to show movies in Russian?
There are aboriginal Australians.
Twelve days in Vietnam help please!
Same in Australia, unless you got some super cheap/old stuff
But didn't they already vote against that literally a few months ago
Only difference between Australia and Canada is that Canada is 'left-wing insane' and Australia is 'right-wing insane'.
Try contacting DFAT or a visa company directly, they will probably be happy to answer your questions!
So school for the vast majority of students planning to go to uni is 13 years unless you skip a year or are held back (which can't be forced, usually the school/teacher talks to the parents and tells them it would be beneficial if their child repeats the year so they don't fall behind)
They may take our lives, but they'll never take
Just the cost of the US developing, buying nearly 2,500 jets and operating them until the year 2070.
Travelling to Asia (Vietnam/Cambodia/Thailand/Japan/South Korea) - do I need to prove intention to leave?
Lots of immigrants and visitors from all over the world
I don't even really drink cider at all
" ... "And that's why the rest of the world laughs at us
Remember when they tried going through Belgium or Poland
This is not specific to the United States.
There are plenty of homeless, disenfranchised and abused people in Australia, they don't need to take in someone else's.
Is there a known reason for that, or is it related to the religions themselves, e.g.
We used to wet them and wear them, it kept us heaps cooler
Not brown snakes though, brown snakes are cunts and they will kill you on sight
I've always found the brand conscious way of dressing a bit gross, so I'm glad Milan isn't like that
And that's only East coast cities
I can kinda see why France does
I’d do my grocery shopping in Germany (half the price), and go to the dentist in Poland (quarter of the price)
I love the name Philippine but as someone living near the Philippines (and not in France) it wouldn’t work
My auto correct added that accent, so it must be in the dictionary and 'official'. And I only knew kamikaze as a kid because it was a ride at our local fair
In Indian English, I have heard it frequently called "at the rate of", even when it's not being used in a unit rate context
I save a few hundred dollars each week and use that to travel for 3 or 4 weeks.
We made wifi
Ah yes, blame the cold temperature, a classic
Wouldn’t that cause the same problem the other way, with Sjælland being the same distance away from Aarhus
Coles and Woolies both sell kangaroo meat which is in fact healthier meat with less fat than other meats.
It's interesting though that the perception of the two is completely different - speakers with Australian accents are commonly perceived as cool and laid back while speakers with British (London) accents are perceived as intelligent and proper.
They enter first clear and secure the area before military engineers can come in and set up camp for the following members of the defence forces.
Stop PC immediately and let the media do it's job
Almost all of my teachers are British, except for three Spaniards, one Australian and one Canadian.
I'm not informed enough to make a critical analysis of the situation, but it seems convenient that this outrage is happening just as right wing movements are gaining traction.
So if you take all of the people in the world and work out how many of them play what sport, cricket is 2nd.
Mostly because we're so used to Americans giving us shit that it kind of taints every individual, even if they are not a pounce.
No, it's a levy for non-EU migration.
Australia and New Zeland were already indiependent in 1914 and Canada was enough autonomous.
I saw those 2 words you said in other posts
why on earth it's great for Romania, Germany, Belgium and Portugal to trade without restrictions with each other but terrible if it's with the USA, China, Australia or India.
It's like when the UK made Canada, Australia, New Zealand and South Africa dominions.
This pointless nationalism will lead to a dark place.
You only need to get together with a bunch of drunk Australians and ask what they think about 'the poms' to get an earful of answers to that question.
This was built in 2020 (it is entirely new)
Its high time that little tax paradise gets reabsorbed by the wastelands.
I didn't spend too much time in Białystok, but it seemed cool to me
Basically Arnhem if you swap the "pigeon-owned central station" with the "Hipster home brickworks". I don't think we have a tower but the two bridges is spot on: I hate the Nelson Mandela Bridge
We're looking at options for the trip and we're not sure if we should spend somewhere in the real of $1500 to rent a camper trailer or just buy a rooftop tent for $1000.
Australians obtaining a French Working Holiday Visa
I've never been further north than broken hill and west of Port Augusta.
It's impressive how much money can be spent to achieve so little
It wouldn't happen here either
I'm saying this as an Australian .
That said you can make deals with countries.
If you tried this in /r/France, I can tell you that you will have decent answer.
what in fuck
UK: I have good hope they will switch place with Australia one day.
40 degrees is not uncommon even in Melbourne (which is one of the furthest Australian cities from the equator)
Nah I just talk shit about people all the time
I consider my relatives in Germany, Australia, France and the United States Italians even if they do not speak Italian any more.
This included but not limited to:
A lot of people think they get altitude sickness but actually they're just dehydrated as fuck due to there being basically zero water in the air.
And when the British wanted a Dutch king to replace their own
Keep in mind there is almost no tipping if you work hospitality so you actually earn less in a restaurant in Australia than you would in a restaurant at home even if the hourly is higher.
Like the Usa, Canada, Australia, China etc yeah?
EG, Asia, Oceania etc driving on international licenses
New Zealand - New Zealish
In my industry it's amazing the difference between farms in Columbia and in Ethiopia, for example
Nowhere is quite so remote and pointless as the Nullarbor.
Canada or Australia/New Zealand.
Someone in New Zealand calls the Americans fat.
Perhaps it should say Austrian rather than German Italy.
Lithuania, although bigger, was the junior partner of the union with Poland being the senior partner
Australia was my first overseas trip and I thought it was a great experience.
Zero countries recognise Hong Kong as being a separate country to China.
New Zealand is another popular WHV choice.
We mostly need immigration to do fill the gaps of jobs that many don't want to do them.
That does fit for the Nordics, but is Belgium especially homogeneous?
A mix between Roman-influenced Meditterean, Arab influece and eastern christianity.
Sweet water
Mainly copperheads and tigers
I'll need to look into the song as well
As an Australian I want to declare war on New Zealand and surrender immediately
No one seriously considers it to be one of the seven summits...
Anti-communism at its finest
Much more like Scandinavia, but warmer and wealthier, and nothing like the US.
Not fond of food
*map shows the UK doing well*
Transactions ban on major Russian firms, banks and other entities, export ban on oil technology, arms, restriction on the issuance of and trade in certain bonds, major Russian firms are banned from taking loans by Western banks, freezing of assets and etc.
This is fake news
Potatoes are from South America
It's happening in many countries in Africa
As someone that spends half his life in Australia, this is a daily conversation we seem to have, what is an actual refugee and what is an economic migrant.
I was there last year August when it was 33-36 for all the days I was there
For the Australians: Czech mate!
Then it’s long
As a German, I can identify more with people from Australia than with Bulgarians.
Doggerland expansion when
Visited Mongolia for 4 weeks last September / October.
Not really, I know about Stalin's purges and another Russian person commented about "Russification" under Tsarist rule so if there's anything else other than that I would enjoy hearing it
Irreligiosity and secularism aren't the same thing though.
What’s “Bielefeld “?
Go for Australia Tourist Visa to Make your Holiday Rolling
The volume of goods and services would be £197 billion lower outside the EU, a report says, even if the government could sign agreements with the EU, the US, China, Russia, Canada, New Zealand and Australia
I went to Canberra for work and had a great time.
Germany must align with a growing sentiment in Europe that the EU needs to rewrite the rights of non-European citizens allowing countries to expel and deny illegal immigrants and championing an Australian like immigration policy.
Of course Australians arrive to Finland in flip flops
You can't buy piss at a servo in Australia
The kind of place I'd be happy to live when I was 35 and settled down (shit, writing it like that just tells me how near it is), but at the moment it lacks the vitality and amenities to really enjoy yourself.
But yes, yes I have experienced 40+ degree weather on a number of days.
So would explain the higher number.
Is it related to “Spumante” the sparkling wine
So when it comes to non natives, we like to hear the accent but also we need to be able to understand you though lmao
With the same argument you could say we should open our borders for everyone.
Am I able to travel to the mainland US, then the virgin islands and then back to the mainland (albeit just to fly home) on a single VWP authorisation?<<
Also the bombardment of Serbia and the war in Iraq created a lot of negative feelings.
My mum's childhood family friend'son who was my age was on that flight
Once a fortnight
If you wanna look at your GPS or phone while driving go far right and don't create a line
And Pella (The capital city of Macedonia during Roman times)
I don't know how true any that is
If everyone stopped playing megaphone politics, the world would be a better place
I don't think it is weird or negative really, very convenient for monolingual English speakers
On 150 those are "theoretical maximums with an average evening speed of 250mbps
She lived the rest of her life as a slave of Muhammad, and also gave birth to one of his children, which considering she was a slave, I can't see how that would not have been rape
I’ve always found the youth of Warsaw to be so progressive, so I was rather surprised when I saw the way people voted
I like to ask Germans to say "clotheshorse"
Brexit and it's growing, illogical support within Britain is creating a more united and clearer opposition from the EU, Australia, Canada...
That's were most seem to immigrate to if they are going there instead of Australia.
I live with my parents and have a Bachelor of Information Technology.
- Often called "Smoko" because Smoko is Aussie slang for a work break and it rhymes with Scomo
Is there even a pic of the guy to see if he's worth watching?
They're extremely rare words in the most recent years, and I've not heard of a single one of them
Is it usually just gaelicised loan words, or something else
The UK is going to learn its real place in the world come post-Brexit
Nope, he just went for a swim and didn't come back
You'd be surprised how much that can help
They have airfare included and you can arrive early or have extra days and they will fly you break.
I mean, that's the basic logic: If you want another country to take migrants for you, you will have to make a deal.
Kati Thanda-Lake Eyre in Australia is just stunning.
Germany can't even expand anywhere
Edinburgh, Seville, Salzburg, Prague, Krakow
Geert Wilders Message to Turkish Protesters.
Well sure, but I was arguing that they do have some connections with Europe, as Spain and Portugal are part of Europe.
Alternatively, why not apply to uni overseas?
Maybe it's different in Britain so I shouldn't have spoke so soon
The RCMP is Canadian though, not Australian
I thought *cerveza* was feminine.
The rumours are true btw ;)
And it wasn't so amazing that I felt any draw to ever go back.
With "B" you can drive both, but with the other only automatic.
Upside of that meant each region of Italy had an amazing unique dish
I wasn't aware of that when I visited Barcelona a few years ago
And governments like that of Norway.
increase corruption and reduce democracy.
I don't know how anyone can possibly think he's an intelligent man.
It's hard to keep track of that if like Word just had a universal English where it recognises everything
I don't know what Muslims you have been seeing around because as far as I am aware drinking alcohol is a HUGE sin in Islam.
J'ai pas d'accent sur mon clavier.
Not fond of food
(A friend of mine tells me it "isn't too bad in the city", but I know full-well he was once chased by an aggressive brown snake!)
Only white women != women with citizenship.
They need to do what the Belgians did with their anthem - a version of lyrics in each of the three languages, plus a combined one that can be sung in major events:
And we are heavily influenced by American culture.
I saw those 2 words you said in other posts
You greatly underestimate the role of ancestry and ethnicity in Europe.
When people think of Australian history they think of Gallipoli or Ned Kelly
An index is a statistic, it is hearsay, and not evidence.
Yes it does, it is illegal to publish an article containing swastika's and messages praising Hitler, Nazis and National Socialism.
Finland wasn't a country at the time and wasn't the first country to give women the vote, that was new zealand in 1893, but if we are recognising semi independent regions of countries, then the colony of South Australia definitely beat Finland in giving universal suffrage in 1894 (but property owning women got the vote as early as 1861 in South Australia).
However non-Whites get treated like the locals or even worse than the locals.
It was one of my highlights from when I lived in Italy,  an absolutely beautiful city; also quite amusing to visit considering I lived in Genova at the time Venezia’s rival city
It is hard to believe but some evidence even suggests that Aboriginal people have been in Australia for more than 80000 years
It wouldn't  work
The thing is defining a country and its founding in specific terms for centuries past is a fraught endeavour, because the modern iteration of a 'nation state' as it is understood today has really only been a thing since the 19th century or so
It isn't exactly what you would call a national treasure, but I like those books at least :>
I think that's a narrow view of the situation.
It has that same "aggressive " tone as Arabic
Because Brexit may make them realise that change is required for survival.
But Mussolini carried it through to power
Gyms where men aren't allowed because women feel ogled at too often.
German beer is everywhere after all
good
Arent most of us indigenous peoples of whatever area of Europe we live in?
Speaking it can get you as far as Portuguese geography wise imo.
Same applies for divorce, contraception, abortion, etc.
Japan, Australia new Zealand are all laughing stocks of international hostel's and traveler's worldwide.
Grew up out there to, loved it.
It'll always be the cheapest option, whereas trains can be just as, if not more, expensive than a flight.
Totall miss, Europe my Australian friend :) there are now only two countries using imperial units - Myanmar (Burma) and USA, so I'am glad the rest of the world chose logic over laziness.
Places To Visit in Australia TOP 10
It's also struggling to find its position in the world, as we all can see happening.
A trade agreement with Australia isn't unlikely but it won't be one many people would like.
But I really don't know why mate...
I would like it if we could realize that, but not like the Australians where the refugees suffer so much.
Literally all of those are still common and used in Australia lol
Some of the sorting is for directing things to incineration, not recycling.
Hiking in Latvia/Estonia/Finland
In fact, Harold Holt was an extremely experienced swimmer, so it's not like it would be easy for him to go missing
It is a short stint, and you will continue to meet so many other travellers.
It's funny alot of the time but it's really sad when you find people dumb enough to think it's literal
Then again, independence is not the only way.
He will restore the respect the position has always held
So Many Rabbits (I've seen black ones I thought were pets) and Hares
it depends where you are
If you are interested in staying on, do the required rural placement.
There's only a handful of countries in the entire world that have unarmed police
Good
Why do Danes love killing animals so much
I've been to Gold Coast and not Brisbane, but I've heard there's a lot more to see/do in Gold Coast compared to Brissy.
"And down from Kosciusko, where the pine clad ridges raise their torn and rugged battlements on high, where the air is clear as crystal, and the white stars fairly blaze at midnight in the cold and frosty sky
Not so corrupt that it's expected to pay the police like in some African countries
You'd lose your sh*t here
The EU is a far more likely and therefore far more important trading partner to the UK than the US or even Australia could ever be.
I'd like to spend 6-10 days in Java total, starting on the east coast and making my way westward to Jakarta before flying to Hanoi from there.
Hey dad
Works in the warehouse on the bottom floor of the building
I’d hate to be in your version of cold
English spoken, gay friendly...I must've known 7-8 Aussies personally and would say they're the least prejudiced from the Anglosphere and also the "craziest" - in the good sense of the word.
I actually went there my second time in Dublin
I was coming from his Australian flair, I'd imagine he'll have a pretty good time with proper income in Hungary.
That Aboriginals (Australia) were already dying out when the British invaded and that if you really think about it “the British saved them”.
It's absolutely amazing and it makes it clearer than ever before that these were real people
They have a voyage called Quest for the Antarctic Circle which runs twice every February.
* The dam walls would also be able to carry water pipes, and thus fresh water could be piped around Europe where needed
Look at how fcked up the US is
What did we do
Haha I am actually terrified of camping.
On the surface you can say it's reasonably competitive though
TWINSIES
Yup, it goes both ways too, since we have been influenced by the UK since our founding.
I'm currently in Australia for a year, and it's pretty amazing!
i have family in pittsburgh i was wanting to go on a road trip with one of my cousins for a few days someone suggested to me washington DC would also be a good visit so many discussions !!!
Can anyone here share their experiences doing a 1 year+ OE/adventure in their mid-30s?
Worked as a carpenter laborer and focused on learning to surf!
China is our number 1 trading partner, they can fuck us over economically in a heart beat, and with the Aussie dollar as bad as it is now, China is a serious threat
Oh good, I always wanted to go to camp as a child
And this is why Australians immediately lock up anyone who makes it through to the country illegally.
I mean there are small democratic nations and there a large democratic ones.
Newer trains yes
In many languages, the official name for the country is some form of 'Holland'.
On a bad day you'll get waves coming over cliffs like that.
Nowadays it's been used as a symbol of Fascism even though it's history has NOTHING to do with Facism
By nationals who are putting their own self interest first?
He's an expat living in Australia so he flew from there to Argentina and then from Argentina to somewhere at the very south of chile.
Places like the British Virgin Islands and French Guiana (I think even New Caledonia is part of the EU).
It is 100% allowed to cherry pick what it likes because it isnt going to be in the union.
Trees to shed their leaves in autumn, snow doesn't fall (in most places) in winter, plants don't bloom in spring.
Seeking asylum isn't illegal, they shouldn't be punished.
How common is it to use the English word ok/okay in your language
) characters
Yes, you can get a one way ticket.
If anything, airport hotels can have more bed bugs because each room gets a lot more different guests staying in it than a city hotel.
“A 2010 Chinese thriller film Kill Octopus Paul depicts Paul's predictions as being part of an international match-fixing scheme
Is 9 weeks long enough to do LA, Mexico and Central America?
People here are definitely pointing me more towards NZ.
That said, I have grown accustomed to Singaporean food too and wouldn’t eat a western meal there now
Well thank goodness Fireman Sam was there to save the day
Curious, thanks
Yup, it was a common thing 100 years ago
The sound once the coffee is finished is "stromboli" - named after the volcano in Italy
Lmao
Russia is expanding trade in Asia, and trade between Africa and Asia is ever growing.
Now im in New Zealand working and saving for my next trip though India and China.
TIL
After looking on hostelworld, for Ios im tossing up between Far Out Beach Club and Francescos.
AU is Australia, AT is Austria.
Ex smoking rate:
It's probably a long shot but it's worth a try.
India consists of many different REGIONS with different LANGUAGES and CUSTOMS that make up India.
Save the Children is a charity that runs centres in towns with high poverty rates in Australia, they give children a safe place to play and be educated
And probably only Bulgarians and Romanians google how to immigrate to Lithuania.
If you weren't aware, Australia generally has quite poor internet speeds.
Then afterwards, walk around the corner to La Cave and get merry!
Perth is the second most isolated city in the world (The first is Hawaii), so it's natural that people say it doesn't exist
Clearly you paid attention in history
So far nobody has proposed a workable plan, though.
Well thank goodness Fireman Sam was there to save the day
ie 'to' has 2 different shortened pronunciations when unstressed.
Looks like there's a certain *haven* I'll need to visit
Where I work we literally have hundreds of kangaroos, joeys and possums everywhere.
There is a Dutch ice cream chain called Australian ice cream
This guy seems to have a chip on his shoulder.
Under your logic, a rooster, which has the capability to kill a human under certain circumstances, will 100% kill you if it sees you
Would love to get recommendations of must see spots in the rest of the world.
Reverse Anschluß won't gonna happen.
Eventually, the new lot of people stopped being
The Australian immigration rules are quite strict and they wouldn't want open access for all of Eastern Europe.
We heat up to 18 in winter and down to 24 in summer, though we only have one cooled/heated room in the house  so usually just use fans until it's over 40
Wifi
My family (husband & I + 5 kids) are traveling from Australia to USA in December and planning on being in NYC on New Year's Eve.
We managed to avoid most effects of the global financial crisis through increased government expenditure, which saved our economy but put it into recession, so there is alot of debate around that, we also have the people who think foreigners are ruining Australia (despite everyone in this country either being, or being an ancestor of immigrants except for native Australians).
Hello mate
Of course there is a lesson to be learnt there in trusting polls, and some people are way too sure of themselves in saying that Le Pen will lose, but it's still very hard to determine.
A lot of them (Not all) ignore other countries history in favour of rewriting history books to make America look better
I'm Australian and I grew up on Asterix, I fucking loved these books
Completely unrelated (and apologies for high jacking OPs thread) but 197 countries visited!?
Both are great but probably Amsterdam
Obviously I'll be missing a lot of the country but time is limited unfortunately...I could probably also cut a few days from Vietnam if I really wanted to spend more time in Australia.
Anyway, rant over
Legend has it that if you pronounce
If fast internet is a requirement, count your lucky stars you don't live in Australia
Yea, in neighborhoods of Brussels like Molenbeek and Schaarbeek, the local Belgian culture totally hasn't been **replaced** by that of Moroccan immigrants posing a danger to local natives and cultivating breeding ground for would-be terrorists...
Man, in West Australia thats mid winter
When people think of Australian history they think of Gallipoli or Ned Kelly
That's how Australia started, turned out pretty good!
The amount of people Ive heard going home because they couldnt get a job.
Well done
I dont know
*  Females: 18+  21
Agreed
Doesn't matter now though as I'm in Australia.
I'm not sure, I don't usually take trains.
Visit a travel doctor if you have one near you.
In my fields: mathematics...Australia doesn't really matter that much (I bet Terrence Tao would be considered Us by now) but Russia is hugely significant...
The 8(?) Apostles, Victoria, Australia
Of course there are other ways.
To be fair, you started the argument with the example of the nazis which strongly points to the issue of democracy.
I wish we had winter in the first place
In English, they use the German word
Oh good, I always wanted to go to camp as a child
No but seriously probably one of the top ten deadly snakes of the world, 9 of which are in Australia
It is more about the booze really, and an excuse to sit in the garden.
They have a non-aggression pact
But I'm wondering as an Australian, if Would I consider it expensive.
Australia stopped giving dual citizenships a few years ago, which I find absurd considering how many people with dual citizenships already live here
It just sounds so 'old timey' to me
What I meant is: if you think Italy could get out of its trouble by promoting social responsability and a national sense of community, absolutely, I agree with you.
"“Upon this a question arises: whether it be better to be loved than feared or feared than loved
To be honest, 13-17c daily maximums in winter sounds pretty awesome once you’ve lived in the north of Europe for five years
I'm an Australian who now lives in Europe
What is gross about the Australian immigration system and how is yours better?
Africa is religiously diverse, Western and Southern Asia are mostly Muslim (with the exception of India, obviously) while Oceania and the Carribean are overwhelmingly Christian.
I was pretty good at spelling bees for this reason, my vocabulary wasn't that big but I could sound things out and with words that have silent letters, you can usually figure out where they go (like a double letter or a h)
That was almost 20 years ago
Ah, of course, Australia has been overrun with blacks and yellows, I see....
I have never had to worry about this stuff in previous travels, relying on wifi hotspots and locals with phones.
Your ears almost have to make up ringing sounds or something it is very weird.
But we had the best time renting a car and just driving around to all the small villages in the south-east of France and exploring.
I would highly recommend what my sister did who was in an identical situation.
Maybe the closest one would be how the British treated the ANZAC’s during WWI
Vërinordland and Vêrivërinordland
I'm not sure about Canada, but Australia and New Zealand certainly seem somewhat enthusiastic about signing new FTAs with the UK post-Brexit.
Eastern Europeans have access to very prosperous North and Western European countries and they don't migrate en masse there.
Lovely place and people
Spent a long time living in sydjylland and midtylland and let’s just say attitudes on most topics were the polar opposite to what I had experienced in Copenhagen
Did you go back to your same employer or find a new job?
If people ever find out they do often give me a weird look.
When I was a kid I thought Spain was in Siberia and Bulgaria wasn't a country
The deal isn't just between the US and Iran.
Anyway it is a lovely city
It is true that the euro made the recession deeper and longer though.
Accept my poor man’s gold
Correction: I don't know ANYTHING about Estonian law
Gallipoli
You'll collect your bags, make your way to domestic, and check them in at the counter.
Uhh nazism was the party
Thats so weird/interesting that your language is so stagnant like that
fridge magnets for me (cities and countries), with the hope that my fridge will be filled with them one day (abut 1/8 there so far)
Poland would be the hot receptionist that everybody in the office wants
Of course Australia will make a trade deal, doesn't mean that will increase trade within a magical Anglosphere.
We have those everywhere in Australia, albeit much smaller
Not so much country, but you can usually tell people from certain regions and the ethnic groups that are native to them
Can't here you over the sound of those sweet, sweet, champagne bubbles.
No one in particular, they are all the same sort of thing.
Also there is documentary called 638 ways to kill Castro
Scunthorpe
I love how you've added other animals too!
Don't know if other English speaking countries use this but in Australia, a "Dutch Oven" is when you fart under a blanket or in a sleeping bag and trap the smell in there
I remember he showed us some examples or something (memory’s a bit foggy, it was a whole back) and we had a good laugh
uisce (beatha) ?
Horrible news
Haha, I see, well I guess Google has proven that I'm incorrect
If I hear a non-native accent it just makes me wanna talk to you more
I got confused the very first time I had to write it and then always second guess myself since then
That country has some problems
From what I've read, they are confirming his ID etc before releasing his name.
They are used as part of a special UN operations task group, were a unit can "group up" and be ready to respond to an incident anywhere in the world within two hours of an alert.
>time to laugh at some internet memes
You can't choose your monarch
God forbid someone compare a far-right politician in 2016 to a far-right party in the 30s.
We hear it in old timey movies, like Mary Poppins or Gone with the wind
It's interesting to see that Australian doesn't do well in the UK - in the US, an Australian accent adds at least 3/10 to the speaker's attractiveness right from the start.
I'll PM you her blog (don't want to out her and in doing so reveal personal info) to give you some guidance!
Would psychology Masters have a good chance of getting a job in Norway?
He speaks against the slavery of young girls and punished those who committed these acts with mutilation and death
Meanwhile Canada And Australia are sitting back and watching our 2 biggest allies lose their fucking minds
That's why almost every Anglo-Saxon country ended up with its own variation on football/rugby.
I've seen art galleries do this all the time
So you mean the flamish bastardized name of a Pain au chocolat?
Tbh I think it brought a lot of good things to the world yet a lot of bad things
The French in Algeria and Vietnam, the Dutch in Indonesia fought tooth and nail to keep their empires despite world war 2 leveling them to third rate power status.
” Which basically means you have to say “yeah good
The fact that you're 13 and are claiming your parent have no problem abandoning you in a foreign country and homeless.
I don't know much about Estonian law but I would assume it's much easier to get a gun in America
Meaning we read english literature, watched English movies and wrote essays and short stories.
They are eager to find people, they pay well, and it's far away from any place where you could spend money.
Amazing food, wildlife, weather, sea, people.
It is what Australia does with various countries.
Here are two sites to try: [Fáilte Ireland] and [Discover Northern Ireland]
I personally don't give a fuck and call myself American either way.
We Brisbanites probably don’t do a good job promoting our city
The only problem with that is that bus will also take the longest - so basically you'll have to weigh up if it's worth it to you in terms of comfort and your budget to pay the extra €€ to upgrade to a train or a flight.
Driving down the Dalmatian coast is beautiful.
He's doing the best he can
Especially when automation takes over military EU is going to unite with US, Canada, Australia and a few others and we'll wipe out most of other continents while also taking out the trash (peasantry) among ourselves.
Tbh that is representative of a lot of Britons these days.
Not everything with a heartbeat will kill you
And where, around the overflow, the reed beds sweep
Straight from Wikipedia
Oh it did
This is anther one that varies by dialect
Usually you can turn up to the airport and just hand over your passport when you check in at the counter, without giving them a print out of your tickets because they'll have your name and booking on their system electronically.
I have heard that it was outrageously expensive though- would you agree with that?
The fuck am I sposed to know
Yeah they're taxed to high heavens in a bid to discourage smoking
Between Australia and New Zealand, I'd vote for New Zealand, because Middle-Earth....
You are thinking of vowel sounds, maybe this is different in Polish, but it is not the case in English
In seriousness England is more like 53rd since both Canada and Australia take prominence due to their geographic location.
Ah yes, the grand metropolis of Voeren/Fourons.
I've read in the end the poms  figured it was better off having him in charge
In one job interview, she was asked if she would like to speak in English, because she struggled with "professional" German vocabulary
That is indeed the US government website so pretty sure it's accurate...
That was in Perth (capital of Western Australia), our most British city.
And I'm not just talking about loanwords, but just the way sentences are structured (or grammar more broadly) and things like that
For example, Paris smells like urine
Ay pulled yeah
By not offering economic benefits or citizenship and actually enforcing deportations/other punishments for illegals, Sweden would no longer be an attractive country to move to.
It has been nice being here so far, i don't feel so uncomfortable enjoying myself here because I know most people here in Australia are presented with equal privileges and opportunities.
Australia is quietly poisoning the great barrier reef and violating the rights of boat migrants this year.
A false flag operation started by the Greens (environmentalist party) to make it look like climate change was real
Australia - "Hold my beer, we're taking the ute to the Drive-Thru Bottle-O"
If not, there is no advantage in getting a tourist visa.
Out of the Common Agricultural Policy, the Common Fisheries Policy, the Common External Tariff - but still able to ship British goods into European markets without obstruction - well, there's a future here where British workers are fed on fine and inexpensive American corn and Australian beef, they go to work in factories cheaply supplied with Chinese steel no longer subject to protectionist tariffs, and they really effectively compete with the German manufacturers.
Dude, you want to put people in concentration camps like the Australians ?
I wouldn't call F1 a European sports league though, it's a global championship, with GPs all over the world, popular in many countries outside of Europe (very popular in countries like Canada, Brazil, Japan and Australia), with many legendary non-European drivers, like the Argentinian Juan Manuel Fangio and the Brazilian Ayrton Senna, and non-European teams, like the current American team Haas.
Countries like Canada, Australia, USA etc.
I'm not sure if English would have been mutually intelligible with Dutch or German, even if it wasn't influenced by French
Advice on Bulgaria, Macedonia, and Kosovo?
I think many of those people are terrified of what might happen to them if they show them, even if they won't ever actually admit that
Can I just add from another side of the world here; googling (or facebooking you, whatever) I can understand but to be so direct about it in conversation, and on passing with others present especially on a topic like you’ve mentioned is quite the faux pas
My country wasn't even *colonised* in 1422!!!!
This is the same in Australia or Canada.
If you're into history go to Germany.
Except brown snakes, they're cunts
I'll only be in each country for 2-3 days so was wondering what the best way to ensure I get the best deal/availability for data when I'm there.
Heli Fishing in Cairns, Australia
[Inverted version of this]#/media/File:Australian_Aboriginal_Flag.svg).
This visa category is not universal, however (and one shouldn't assume it should be), and other countries don't give that option to visitors at all.
I only tend to buy gifts for parents and my sister and even then it's usually something small like a fridge magnet.
After Australia and new Zealand I'm hoping to head to South East Asia.
Do not under any circumstances suggest that the beer is imperfect, unless you are comparing it to another kind of Australian beer
Given that millions of people are travelling with these things I'm pretty sure border officials aren't going to be arresting people...
I wouldn't rent a car unless you plan to visit the suburbs, since car rental and parking in Sydney CBD is expensive.
Don't be a cunt
Ohhhh so that's why we call it "British Bulldog" over here xD At one school I went to we called it "Octopus" though
I've seen Australians on Reddit saying that the amount of American media consumed in Australia influences the country, but I don't know how true that is.
In Australia they aren't in fridges in supermarkets, but we keep them in the fridge after purchase
Thematically relevant to me so probably biased, but a great and accessibly presented modern museum including an interactive on screen exhibit where you can play the part of an immigration officer in a few historical periods, examining prejudices and motivations at the time
No idea if they've done those exact ones.) It's the weirdest things they'll report on so if they've been to Sweden that's hardly shocking.
Then, around 200 years ago, Europeans arrived in boats from the north
Wow that's insane thank you for sharing
Work in Canada for Australians, Work and Travel Canada
Museums/galleries loan stuff out all the time, meaning the things travel the world and are in different museums all the time
Once i got to melbourne i was going have about 1 day to unwind in Melbourne and try and get my sleep schedule sorted before i caught flights (with Jetstar) to go to a different part of Australia.
It can be used as an affirmation to a question and/or to confirm understanding, or adjective to mean something is passable/acceptable ie "His test went ok" (wasn't great, but wasn't terrible either)
Then Italians chose mainly Australia or Northern Europe, so there are very few Italians in America.
Europe to Thailand to Australia!
Excuse me
Holy moly that was a screed
well, pretty much any expert on the subject.
Well if it involves trump, some idiots being Floridians or a natural disaster, a school shooting or people not doing the wrong thing, then yes, it is often
The app works before, during and after take-off and landing, and you don't have to turn off your handheld devices during those periods - so you can watch from the moment you get in your seat until you leave the plane.
I don't speed because I'm in a hurry, I speed if I'm moving with the flow of traffic or if I'm in the middle of nowhere because it's fun
We also call British people "Pommy", which comes from Pomegranate which rhymes with immigrant
I live in Tasmania and so while there are kangaroos in the state, they aren't actually in the area I live in
They won't hear you, they only talk terrorist.
Your hosts will usually make sure you get home, and waive off
Who is killed isn't as important as why they were killed.
I think you're right, this will be his last term
Thematically relevant to me so probably biased, but a great and accessibly presented modern museum including an interactive on screen exhibit where you can play the part of an immigration officer in a few historical periods, examining prejudices and motivations at the time
Complete opposite here
>More drive thru in cities: it's a nightmare is you're driving and near a bakery/other shop, just need one thing but can't park
Thanks for that
I never wear hiking shoes and have found that most of NZ hiking trails don't require them in the summer, but if you're planning to do lots of hiking then bring whatever's comfortable.
* The dam walls would also be able to carry water pipes, and thus fresh water could be piped around Europe where needed
The sun set 25 minutes ago
Do make sure your pack European winter clothes not "Australian winter" clothes.
Barcelona is great, good food, nice architecture but imo croatia will win every time.
Heavily influenced by the 'White Australia Policy'
It's not just a fashion item, women are traditionally made to wear it by their husbands or fathers for modesty, so other men won't be sexually tempted by them.
Indonesian - see above
**Victoria** shit cunts
You don't have enough cities in the East, which is the much more fun and interesting part of Europe.
There aren't thousands dying going to Australia.
Pretty sure the Norsks are in Europe, mate
To get those speeds in Australia it can cost anywhere from $150-$600 a month
In order to survive, you steal again, and get caught again
The Clinton campaign was calling the emails a nothing burger.
Is this German Latin or something because the pronunciation is half church and half classical?
For a beach, Bondi Beach, and doesn't hurt that Australia also has many beautiful landscapes.
4% 14+  67
Literally anywhere that isn't Perth, Darwin or the East Coast
- Venturers: No team system, these groups are much more independent than the other groups and generally organise their own activities (My group in particular is much more independent than most, we have organised our own overseas hiking trips in the past and were supposed to go to Austria this year and hike the Alderweg trail
Except that an ever larger growing group of Belgian leftists are: (1) organizing protests against the election and government formation results simply for disagreeing with the outcome of the elections and the changed policies it might imply, something I can't recall the right ever doing to this disagree as the socialist unions did last winter and (2) increasingly targeting the N-VA as a potentially fascist party and delegitimizing them by trying to compare them to some parties of our neighbor's past.
I'm guessing the Around the World theme is finished after the first semester.
No, the education system that's not geared towards talking.
You put as many numbers as you want down the list, leave the rest blank
But you can also use it to mean 'everything/everyone' in a specific context
hopefully this Hungarian revolution will see more success than the last
You are released from juvenile prison, and not long after you end up there again
Nope, he just went for a swim and didn't come back
pretty much the same as Australia I would say.
Culturally, not geographically, speaking.
Travel books on Europe from what I've seen often exclude anything east of Czechia
I live close to Sydney and we had -4c nights and 14c days a few times
Depends on the context
What the hell is going on
i was driving around in amsterdam and i thought my car was broken because it said -5 above sea level lmao
The list of vowels in Danish looks nightmarish.
Do you feel like other comments that it's a British tradition
like an enormous bite taken out of its southern edge; a wall of sheer cliffs which plunge deep into the girting sea
The Australian economy is still growing though and it's unemployment rate is low as well.
I always love to explore and travel when it rains.
God I love it so much
I think these days it's actually a small discount on the *highest* fare, which generally makes them more expensive than other available fares.
We make fun of every accent
Planning on going to Australia on working holiday, question about $5000 requirement
that doesn't really feel acceptable either.
Seeing $1
You are awefully vague for someone blaming others of anti intellectualism
For context, we're spending six full days in NYC before this road trip, which can be shortened if necessary, but my travel dates before NYC are set because I'm travelling for work at that time.
The G doesn't come through in English.
Am I understanding this correctly in that the bilateral visa waiver (BVW) overrides the Schengen conditions but only if an Australian visits one of the countries who are signatories to it at the end of a Schengen visa trip?
Me: a native English speaker : *chooses french*.
What is better Shared housing or Student Apartments in Melbourne, Australia?
I like to draw your attention to the current Australian model, which is specifically designed to combat land speculation:
And we don't even use a barbecue to cook them
Isn’t it year of the pig too
Italy
You are engaging in a frankly laughable masturbatory fantasy, but whatever helps you sleep at night..
They also had an entire aisle for frozen pizzas (that section would be equal to all the frozen food in a store here).
But since seeing the reaction to the vote from Europe, I've come to the realisation we never belonged in the EU.
I can recognize a British accent easily.
There’s a bloke in Norway driving around a 4WD from Queensland, Australia
*laughs in Australian*
Friends and I trekked to Everest Base Camp during winter
You'll hear both forms here, although I feel like The Netherlands is starting to become more common now
No it isn't, the PM in all Commonwealth countries is just another minister, hence the name: prime minister
I agree the dream is for everyone including UK to be happy in the EU.
I think look at the growth of Japan, Canada, USA, Australia, New Zealand, Singapore, South Korea (i.e.
Similarly, you can have 5 people of differing ethnicity with nearly identical outlooks, viewpoints, values and culture.
One is hundreds of acres of carefully groomed and pruned trees and educated farmers who understand the global market and may even process their own product in cooperation with international distributors or even the end client on a different continent, the other is about 5 acres of untouched trees, you pick the product, take it to market and get the price of the day
- Flying to Hawaii on a holiday for 2 weeks the second the crisis began, only came back after backlash from the entire planet
Crossing the Nullabor, The longest strait road in Australia, 145km.
I'm Australian & this looks fan-fucking-tastic
The only exception would pretty much be if you were a person going with the intention of only taking trains no matter how expensive or inconvenient they are compared to any other transport method because you fucking love trains.
Not to highjack this post but I have about 10 days, flying in and out of Sofia, and I'd like to see Macedonia and dip into Kosovo to see Prishtina as well - any tips on places to go and how long to spend in each?
If you use the word "cunt" a lot you've nailed Australian English lol!
Edit: If the EU was a global superpower i think Australia would have turned to look to it for its security a while ago
Of course, a security alliance is a different ball game together, but the EU is unlikely to do that anyway...
I've tried contacting the embassy in Canberra multiple times and they never answer, never.
I live in Tasmania and so while there are kangaroos in the state, they aren't actually in the area I live in
Lovely spam, wonderful spam
Also looks a lot like religiosity
Remember Jan Böhmermann calling out Charlie Pickering in Australia in the #EverySecindCounts video?
What makes you think such trade deals are impossible?
I got the worst food poisoning from there in 2013.
I ain't Scottish nor a pom, I just said English cos of the flair
Gas leak, huh
Horrible news
I feel like there is enough demand for a replacement for Reddit aimed at a global context
It's a pretty stupid system where you can only select seats online if you book through Etihad, which is almost always not the cheapest option.
Known as "tall poppy syndrome" in Australia.
Also as an Australian I feel a sense of camaraderie with you guys considering our countries get mistaken for each other all the time lol
2) From what I know, the Aboriginal nation of the Kosciusko area didn't even have their own name for it, probably because despite it being the highest point in the country, it doesn't really stand out, it looks more like a big hill
Poland and Sweden did have a history
>More drive thru in cities: it's a nightmare is you're driving and near a bakery/other shop, just need one thing but can't park
All over the span of history Europe was your place.
The telegondola Sinaia was also something I'll never forget
What the fuck am I reading dude?
Pay $80 a month now, have never even seen speeds above 1
san marino, does that count
That's the only aircraft that will have these suites.
Unlike 60 years ago where it was European dominated
Was sure I had an Australian flair
Australian here in Norway
How the hell have more than 10% of people not heard of powerhouses such as San Marino, Liechtenstein, Andorra and Belarus
Not always, but always be ready for it
Anyone used T-Mobile in New Zealand or Australia ?
If no one treats you like a Dane, why would you consider yourself a Dane?
If Melenchon rescinded his renegotiation of French EU membership, I would not mind him.
It killed 71 people and caused almost $650 million (USD, 1974, no clue what that is in today's money)
Le Roi, la Loi, la Liberté !
What to do in Linköping, Sweden.
We were taught cursive in primary school but next to nobody actually properly learnt it or uses it
Holy shit lol I remember chilling in front of this building from this company and they sent out security because they thought I was being suspicious
They speak English but arent barmy like the Americans and there's fewer ghastly creatures than Australia.
I have always thought that Sydney is one of the best places to live in.
How did they get the girls from simply irresistable
I am interested in hiking and outdoorsy stuff.
Luckily someone corrected me at some point
You've got me in the 1st half, I have to admit :)
What's the percentage of the route from some other continent (like Australia) to Europe?
As a Brit (meaning I can speak English) the title is far more irritating than the Falklands quip
Should be flagged as NSFSW (Not Safe for Scandinavian Work)
I understand entirely, thank you for sharing
Only large difference was immigration.
Are you aware that the EGP wants to remove funding from ITER, an experimental fusion reactor that's going to be probably the most advanced symbiosis of science and engineering on the planet, and will ensure that Europe remains ahead of the game when it comes to cutting edge technology?
America has it, Australia's gonna have it, and it's not just the first world either.
If anyone's still reading, also go see the Museum of London, Chatham Historic Dockyard and the Combined Military Services Museum in Heybridge, Essex, although the last one is an older style item and card note of museum, it's beyond exhaustive as a collection of weapons from history
Dad loves Andorra and goes there regularly as well and did consider becoming a citizen but his wife wasn't a fan of it so he decided not too.
The cheapest fares aren't directly dependent on aircraft type but they are dependent on flight number.
My grandmother makes the one of the best fried potatoes with onion ;)
For me, I took issue with the ones who chose not to see anything wrong with what they had just done and didn’t bother to at least understand why other cultures might take offence
Yeah, it's such a stupid world where debts are extracted in blood when it's always been the reality in banking before that you can screw up and lose the money you lend.
My Dad & Brother are Autistic, this reminds me of them soo much
Which means they'll have to put up with Trump as much as us (relatively speaking)
Snakes, specifally Tiger Snakes but I actually haven't seen them but I know they're there because they killed 2 of my dogs
I had to rush through the last couple months to get even a basic look at the west.
The only way it will stop is if the entire world stops using fossil fuels, since that's not going to happen it's safe to say it's gone no matter what.
How do you use it if so
Why am I obligated to pay 20% of the meal cost to the server
People who believed he stood for something don't overlap with people who can critically think for themselves.
Jesus fucking christ, you're asking for the suffering of millions
My favourite WWI story is about the Mephisto
They're basically Americans, but not as extreme and with a Commonwealth style of governance
Making any sort of western wages whilst living in low CoL nations is the absolute dream
If my funds allow I'll do Australia for a year then SEA for as long as I can afford.
Australian
The unfortunate will then bleed to death through their crushed hand as the wombat prevents him from seeking assistance
And led to more Australians crossing the ditch than kiwis; this has never happened before.
This is aimed against the incoming terrorists, but what about the homegrown ones?
This is quite broad and Europe is very accessible.
They killed anarchists first
I mean I get most of these but what do Australians and Japanese have to distrust so much about their govt?
Has anyone gotten into rural farm work full-time in Australia after first trying it out during working holiday?
There is nowhere quite like the US but there are larger places and ones that are smaller but more densely populated like the UK, Germany and France.
You want to go to Australia from New York while you're already in Europe, and do it by booking a round-trip from Europe to New York to match the dates of your flights to and from Australia?
I know Britain is working out a plan with Australia, Canada, and New Zealand to make it easier to travel between nations.
Well, who says the real one isn't been prepared
What country would volunteer to host huge prison camps?
The whole men must be men thing is out of control
Learnt something new today
Corruption is the same level of shit in France as it is in Romania and so forth.
that's exactly what happened with Trump.
With that, you'll be able to travel through all EU-28 states.
* Housing can be located on the dam wall, opening up the wall to be a population centre as well, especially for those who work on the wall in the ongoing industries mentioned above
If someone could survive the fauna and flora of Australia I'm OK with pardoning him
Whilst not European, Australia also has formidable forts.
What are you doing outside of /r/everton
Maybe this was just me growing up, idk
Are you talking about spanking/slaping children?
If I where to leave the Eu I would move to New Zealand, Canada or Australia.
I have access to those because they came with my unit
Can confirm
English used to anglicise borrowings, but that's fallen out of favour, and nowdays we just borrow the word 'as is' as it's seen as more 'authentic'. I know some languages (maybe Norwegian
Like I say "Buzzfeed" is not a news site but many people still take their talking points from Buzzfeed and they call themselves a news site
ANZAC is definitely wrong here unless discussing biscuits or war
And yes, the Royal Flying Doctor service is touched on briefly in Australian schools
Outback steakhouse is the ONLY place you can get that sort of stuff in Australia
Yea this is why median is more useful than mean in many situations.
I have a feeling (obviously cannot say for sure) OP may be referring to not eating meat on Fridays in Lent.
1600: ...
But if you visit sacred Aboriginal sites like Uluru and don't bother learning about it's significance and just pose for photos and say "haha big rock" you need to grow a fucking spine because shit like that is boring without learning about it's history and significance in the world's oldest living culture
The English numbers make perfect sense, to us
In this case, a primitive tank was named after him
"Is that so
Disallow this man to ever step foot in Schengen please
It's like like 35 on Christmas day
Well I'm a native English speaker so I don't have that defense :p
I'm an Australian
Have you tried practicing at the thing you want to be good at
Now they protest to be allowed to illegally walk across Europe.
Wow, thats so different to here
I would definitely count seeing a hygienist as a 'dental visit'
HGV's are bloody hard to drive and the hijacker probably didn't know how.
It might look like all the houses are floating in the middle of a lake or anything, but there's a road just to the left of the photo and the buildings in the background are all on land
Here's a quick video narrated by Tim Minchin
If I have the right to vote here, I'll vote.
Definitely the case in the UK and USA.
Ah for fuck's sake
We've been here in New Zealand this the last year and have been keeping our eye on flights.
People are leaving the country because they are tired of discrimination, conflict and islamists and try to choose a destination that doesn't have those.
Assuming AU gives you the Australian flag and not the Austrian one, in which case it might be AS
It's pretty safe but I prefer to lock it
Pretty much every Aussie goes up to the Asian islands once in their life because of how cheap/close it is.
Most of them are descendants of the fascist Ustaše party, the Nazi puppet regime, who were chased out of Croatia in the late 1940s.
It's a shame, really cool language and everything
That photo I linked doesn't really do it justice as to how visible it is throughout the city.
" at which it will brace its muscled legs and push up against the roof of its burrow with incredible force, to prevent its collapse
- Attempted to pass a stupid bill that NOBODY asked for, and would have backfired entirely if passed (Religious discrimination bill)
Unsurprisingly, they too were unsuccessful in capturing the first egg boy
Australia and Argentina are nice but too warm for my liking.
Not sure what it is about it but I always liked the sound of the Czech language
It was the last mass shooting in Australian history
Mt Kosciusko not what I would call a "unique" hike...
3 wicked wings cost me about double what I spent on dinner the night before.
And New Zealand and Australia were part of the British Empire
For a Eurozone competition my group actually mock represented the Netherlands and advocated for a system similar to Australia's as a way to stimulate the massive fear of spending in the uncertain economic situation
I see it more as Turkey turning into Russia with state patronage of the favoured majority religion (i.e.
In reality he has had a tough time getting the country back on track and did what needed to be done however one of my friends analogies was this:
I like how he avoided speaking Hungarian in the video, clever man.
Even though it’s basically in the title
I shall start calling porridge white diarrhea then.
I do however deny the notion that he was anymore brutal than other Spaniards, many of who complained about his defense of natives rights
At the time though I was really young so I didn’t really appreciate art and well history all that much
I tried to learn Finnish, however it is very difficult.
Everyone is saying how expensive it is, so might be a good idea to leave it for a period of vacations a few years from now.
He gave up his citizenship 2 decades prior as you can't be a foreign national to be a member of parliament
Take good maps
Both have sharp point and long body and that is where resemblance stops.
Heading to library at school to check the internet for more news.
Wait this is soccer
Outback steakhouse is the ONLY place you can get that sort of stuff in Australia
Thread is about Jews, not Israelis.
The more agreements there are, the more expensive shit gets.
Real Australian passports for sale ( faniddocs@gmail.com )
Here's a better idea: Australia should join ASEAN
As an Australian douchebag, I resemble those remarks.
Here, Christmas Eve is just an (mostly) ordinary day
Another survey in 2017 showed about 52% of teens have no religion
Stressful, isn't it
I’d have thought Genova would be a large city most people wouldn’t know about lol
yep, since the editor is the same that owns Fox News, Mr Rupert Murdoch, an Australian, FYI
But I still think Waltzing is more well known and associated with Australian identity
I'd imagine that makes for a very useful phrase ;)
The solution is to enforce integration in whatever way possible.
Aromanian does have its own flag
Plus it's all covered by my insurance anyway
Should be flagged as NSFSW (Not Safe for Scandinavian Work)
Even closer is just a general deli that sells a lot of European goods; mainly Polish, Czech, Balkans and Italian
I spent half a year in Lviv, Ukraine as a private in the US Army
Agreed
Australia is definitely on the list.
They didn't even try to hide the bias.
YES ICELAND
Thanks for the pat on the back, Australia.
Victoria 3 confirmed
Spent a long time living in sydjylland and midtylland and let’s just say attitudes on most topics were the polar opposite to what I had experienced in Copenhagen
In my industry it's amazing the difference between farms in Columbia and in Ethiopia, for example
Everywhere you'd want to go, they speak english or you'd be able to get by.
I think I'm going to shoot for a refund on my 600 Visa and apply for the 601 instead.
Probably lactosia or something
If you can't hear the difference, why don't you record your voice on a record
Ireland is a neutral country and the people are very proud of their stance on it.
You could literally travel through most of Europe in a day (No stopovers).
French territory in close proximity to Australia and New Zealand, but they still import all of their products from mainland France
And of course it applies to travel anywhere but especially when the cuisine is more culturally different to what we are accustomed to
I've been to markets where they're out because the stalls don't have power or what have you, but refrigeration is most common
I live in London and I will be meeting her in Hungary.
Why, I really don't understand.
In Germany it's somewhat common.
Oh and Kirkgate in the York Castle Museum
The UK tested their nuclear weapons out in the desert at 3 different locations
As an Australian biker the TT has been on my bucket list for a long time and I'll look forward to reading the mythology, I've enjoyed reading some of the Irish ones.
OP is Australian, Interrail is only for Europeans.
So are the pro-Russians ones but they're new.
It’s Spring here now in Oslo and although we’ve had some nice weather, the average day is around 10-11c and it’s cloudy as hell
It's entirely iconic, too
What
Madlads
It was Julia who bought in the Carbon Tax for instance despite massive political cost because it was the right thing to do
We all agree, it's a stupid decision.
They need to do what the Belgians did with their anthem - a version of lyrics in each of the three languages, plus a combined one that can be sung in major events:
His most notable achievement is shitting his pants at Engadine Maccas in 1997
I don't think that the Polish name will be removed entirely, it's more likely that it will have a dual name, as with most other geographical landmarks in Australia (For example: Uluru is also called Eyre's Rock)
Welcome to Australia
Me and the gf is planning a bigger trip from Sweden to San Francisco, Hawaii, Australia, Thailand, Vietnam, Cambodia, Laos and Myanmar/Burma
It seems like it could be reformed into a single election with instant run off or some other preferential system instead
Those are British names
Even fellow Arabs like Egyptians were mistreated in the gulf.
Sure, at 18 you're likely going to be the youngest at the hostel but you find that no one really gives a shit - at most people will say "wow you're so young!" when you tell them your age but that'll be it.
The Italians are quite similar actually
The numerous disasters that have occurred in the past 3 months are not a result of climate change/Climate change isn't real/Climate Change isn't a man made disaster and there is no way to stop it
My busabout tour guide took us to this exact tea/coffee place when we were in Sarajevo, lovely owners & an amazing tea
The UK, Canada and Australia will only let you in if you apply for a waiver.
And in Australia espresso is regular coffee.
The only correct answer to "So, howdya' like our country, eh
I have a distant uncle named Klaudiusz (never met him, but he exists) and a cousin named Euzebiusz
Almost every country name that ends in -ia in English ends in -ië in Dutch.
Golden jackals might be settling in the Czech Republic, hint multiple observations
I was trying to think of New Zealander stereotypes, but only Australian ones come to mind...
That's for having sex with women.
0900-1800 ️
r/cursedcomments
Your university highly likely has a study abroad office, go there and talk to someone about study abroad programs.
Countries like UK, Hong Kong, Australia, Belgium, Denmark, French, Costa Rica, the list go on.
If you don't mind me asking, were you just born there or have you moved there for some kind of work
The museum at Schlinder's factory was also quite good, and an underrated one would be the Silesian museum in Katowice
Other thing is there are two seperate kinds of driviers licenses in EU, one is general "B" other only apply to the automatic gear box.
Melbourne and Cairns, Australia
I moved to Australia, it's fucking ace here.
They technically don't reach Australia, but the boats are still coming.
I was very surprised when I learnt that they had a dual-monarchy with Lithuania and owned a huge area of Eastern Europe
While a good cohesion from the population could partially help with it, taking out of the closet abstract ideologies and movements just means fuck all.
Because there's no point in going there unless that's the case.
Do those listed nations even accept their citizens back?
**Northern Territory** Aires rock
Atleast this is how we look at it in Australia- even though we only have a few unis in the top 100 (6 or 8 i think?), they take in most of the uni student cohort every year, I imagine its similar accross Europe to Australia in this regard.
Alien is an appropriate term in many ways here.
Australia eyes relaxed UK immigration under trade deal - BBC News
Who do you think will win
I'm going to make my own Schengen!
On the 100th anniversary of his death his remains were dug up from his grave in his village and moved to the Pantheon in Paris - except for his hands
And we're not into fancy so eh
Of course London prospers on the basis of attracting immigrants from all over the world.
China wouldn't be able to compete with an increasingly close alliance of the UK, USA, Canada, Australia and New Zealand.
Genuinely curious
Ah, I pulled out just the European countries, cause otherwise my comment would be even more unwieldy - 155 countries on the list.
I'm here now and got tired of smelling weed everywhere 20 minutes into walking around Amsterdam
That would be considered being rude to the customer, which is a no no (unless provoked of course)
Rich people can suck, so can rich countries.
>Those eucalyptus forests are previously burnt forests, they planted eucalyptus because they grow fast but they aren't good for the land nor they are the original trees
The good thing about English is even if you use the wrong stress, you will still easily be understood
Growing up in the UK, I always just thought of them as massive homogenous blobs
Oxford would be a decent choice for one, and you might fancy Wales for something different.
Then Poles who emigrated to Ireland should emigrate to Australia, because Irish are doing that.
Slovenia seems to be going through something too
"G'Day
[Took this photo at the time] and looking back feel like the editing is a little heavy, but eh.
*Freedom
I don't see any blue countries.
IS, AQ etc.) and lead to a more moderate, guiding influence in Islamic world.
The Scandinavian languages are not too hard to learn in writing but the pronunciation is quite hard
Also Polish newspapers and alcohol
Just describing how it was taught to me
Europe and Australia/NZ) and if you study a language there.
Though I'm still wishing it was an actual wheel of cheese and they were able to actually smuggle it past security
Harvard has a 35 billion dollar endowment, which is larger than Australias entire defense budget.
For example in Australia, the party I support (left-centre) wants to increase corporate tax.
We're all well aware the British/American secret services work very closely together through the [Five Eyes] agreement (along with Canada, Australia and New Zealand).
Non-*welfare* based migration is probably generally good, but even from non-*refugee* migration a lot is welfare based.
You can do Bali + Australia too, the hordes of Aussies do that regularly...
Happened to me when I was in Italy lmao
The largest country in the list of most populous countries is Nigeria with 8 million, Kenya does not reach 2 million and Myanmar was 4 million.
Romania I'm guessing
Because Romania has big corruption issues like USA and Russia
That blew me away when I had chemo was how much medical equipment had "Made in Ireland" on it
So at least many gov't in the west are not giving them a free pass.
>open my phone and open reddit
I'm an Australian living in Germany.
All your money comes from Centrelink, a government service that provides money to those who need it
Winning a war against all the allies would have been near impossible, you are completely right.
You can't just bring up the Emu War like that.
Best I can do
So like
Czech Republic has the same amount of syllables as Australia, is it really too much of a mouthful?
And I can be kicked out at any time, or just told that my lease isn't being renewed with me, given a 2 week period to find a new house and move everything (very hard in a job like mine).
and Australia tends to be too warm...
Australia's search and rescue area is larger than New Zealands covering 53 million km^2 .Add the land area of Aus and they are responsible for 60 million km^2
Its happening in Australia
And yeah, Do 24 is super cool, designed in Germany to Dutch specifications, served with German, Dutch, Australian, Spanish and Swedish forces during the war!
Be careful Europe, and good luck
I meant more rule 4 "no Image macros, memes"
Even Canberra's roundabouts are smaller
Look who's not typing on a phone.
What exactly is to be gained from boasting about his electoral performance on a call with the Australian Prime Minister?
Australia is having a similar problem, not to mention the fact that some our apartment buildings were built poorly and risk literally collapsing for no reason
They call at times we rest, like 3-4pm
Never smoked:
Just not in the vicinity of the Eiffel Tower.
We're the most diverse country on earth so I've heard
Which country is this
Jokes aside this fucking sucks, yes we get this every year but we're totally use to it, most of us have air-con & we're climatised to it
Certainly better places to be as far as culture, but it is beautiful.
Conversely, people in cities don't usually ha e strong feelings about country people, because generally they don't even *think* about them
They may very well be very certain abiut how they feel and how their physical gender didnt correspond with their mental gender.
Cambodia being one of the takers:
That said, I did a 3 day diving trip and my favorite dive site had no coral bleaching at all.
“I’m your host, Philip Jacobs and lemme tell ya
They want to put wells in villages that don't have reliable clean water, offer food to subsistence farmers affected by drought, distribute vaccines to communities that don't have reliable access to health care
Partially true but Australia and New Zealand had effective self rule before WW1.
Then Erdoğan has no real power.
What's the second meaning
Giovanni Gentile Probably had a bigger role doctrinally
That'll be the day
I was planning for a honeymoon to depart for 5 months.
I dont know
Wondering how it is in Europe
It's probably possible to get a similar agreement between Australia and ESA than the agreement between Canada and ESA.
How do you survive
Kaiser wie weit darf ich Reisen
I've watched 4 or 5 lesson videos on YouTube, so that's all I know of German
Odd
Too many of the Turks in Europe aren't acting like normal migrants or local-born citizens, but as foreign agents.
Because our country has good relations with those nations and is a safe, peaceful, prosperous place I don't think they care enough to question us or assume we have any intentions to overstay
It takes me 1 hour 30 minutes to get to work
You should read the FAQ about that word
Litres, meters, km/h, kilograms..
I don't agree with banning anything (though would like to see fewer hijabs on women) but one cannot seriously compare a small piece of jewellery with a piece of cloth that covers someone's head
Eurail is rarely ever worth it except for if you are for some reason a train fanatic and only want to take trains regardless of how much they cost/if there is a cheaper option.
Thanks for the info homie
Also France hasn't a very big unemployment problem.
That's nuts to me as an Australian, literally no one here vapes
Yes, If I was younger Id 100% live in Australia again.
Except we're not confused
Saying that all of Russia was in Asia, Papua New Guinea was a sole island, that we’re going to run out of water (then I mentioned de-salination and she said it’s “to advanced a concept”) As you can probably tell I’ve had horrible geography teachers, also yes I corrected them, but they rejected my ideas
It says exactly this in the article.
Yeah, the only exceptions are the US, Canada, Australia, New Zealand, Singapore, Seychelles, Hong Kong, The Bahamas, Iceland, and a few others.
>be me
Try putting it in a jug in the fridge
We just had an election in Australia where the conservative party that didn’t even have a climate policy won in a surprise upset basically cause they waved tax breaks in front of people eyes
Then what makes you believe their culture is based on reason?
There are some beautiful, charming areas though.
I'd be interested to compare Japan /USA/Australia/canada as well to see what other successful countries are like.
ISIS is like WW1/2 and Political Correctness is like the Vietnam war.
"Bloomin onion"
Then there's a trend in both countries where the purists who are ignorant of the other code complain because they think it's "Too Gaelic rules" or "too Aussie Rules" so they snub it
Is that the capital city of Crete, the rectangular island
3mbps in a house I've lived in
I'd worry more about finding germs on the back of my arms.
Maybe because they're very similar languages
Sounds completely reasonable to me.
The first mountain I ever snowboarded on
**Victoria** shit cunts
I know Vietnam's rain season vary greatly by region.
But even in developing economies full of opportunity let's not pretend everything is fine
- Cut funding to fire services
Oh I see, XXXX isn't as popular as other brands here
Started in Cairns, did greyhound bus all the way to Melbourne, drove the great ocean road and then flew to Tasmania.
It looks like me and the Australian guy
I live in Groningen in the Northeast of the Netherlands.
thus combining all 'typical' Australian attributes into a single improbable creature
There is a large 'multicultural' theme of values in Australia, New Zealand, and Canada with little to no relation to the United States, if anything you could argue that the British Empire helped spread this Anglo Culture of inclusiveness.
Surely you'd be better off voting for national parties if that's the goal you want to achieve?
In my experience those driving around Australia are young Europeans, or older Aussies (who actually all came out from Yorkshire 50 years ago).
as an australian
Idk some fake Eastern-European city that’s an abomination of Night City and Moscow
MH17
Saw the WC final in a pub in Ghent that was full of saffers, was pretty impressive to hear
A couple of Australians and a couple eastern Euros as well as Jordanians.
There was a ceasefire but the Ukrainian parliament won't allow the political concessions/amnesty for rebel fighters to move the process along to regaining border control and the fighting began to tick back up
Really short film from a trip to a beautiful lookout in Katoomba, NSW, Australia, Please check it out, i am only new to this video making and filming, less than 2 weeks now :)
It had to be due to some hacker cunt stealing millions and millions on people.
People in rural areas have strong feelings about cities, because this is where the politicians and businesses and news sources are located
The rest just lives one of the hundreds of villages and hamlet separated by about 3km.
Aaq
But he is right in singling out the Moroccan migrants over those of Syrian/Iraqi descent recently fleeing their home countries.
I think they make chocolate too
Try getting a work visa into the EU if you're from Australia, NZ, USA...
Same here
However if an English-speaker has learnt even just basic German or Dutch, it will become much clearer to them
We would be the guy from another office that nobody really knows but shows up at parties anyway
My mum should move to The Netherlands and vote for these people.
Fuck do you lot even pay attention in European history classes
culture they say) - whereas all the Aboriginals can do is happily survive being left in the middle of a vast red-hot desert, equipped with a stick
I was also taught basic Geography and basic Economy by an Australian.
Australia/New Zealand itinerary help
Because if visiting a Schengen country that is not signatory to the BVW *after* visiting a signatory country, the Schengen conditions kick in and include the time spent in the BVW country?
**Queensland** The Florida of Australia
beach sunset is worth the risk
If it means choosing between the welfare of your own people and that of foreign people than your own people should always have priority.
It is very common to have to do this.
They’re called quiet carriages
Is it usually just gaelicised loan words, or something else
He signed up as a tank gunner with the 1st polish armored division and was injured in battle and recovered in Scotland
Australian here
Although anyone actually venturing into the sea will have to contend with sharks, stinging
This results in a general tendancy to do what you described i.e.
Same as Tintin
We sometimes call people from New Zealand, "Kiwi's" (Think they call themselves that as well) but most of the time we call them Sheep Fuckers
You can find references to him all over the country, almost always involving his iconic helmet and armour
Yeah the Indians in Britain are generally seen as fine.
Since then we just have banter with each other and argue about who invented Pavlova and the appropriate name for a thong (flip flop, or jandal in uncultured places)
Ought to be a bloody war crime
Yea and if you criticise Islam you are labelled racist and crap.
Nah, the only people you'll find riding crocodiles are in the Northern Territory and far north Queensland
I'm gay, and I still think it would be weird
Hey, at least we made an effort to look different, while you removed all coats of arms you used to have on your flag and got international name that sounds like Australia - it's as you're trying to be confused with others
Yet again I also couldn't tell the difference between Australia and Africa on a map and I thought Alaska was part of Canada
Ah for fuck's sake
This is from "Online Data/Chapter 2", in the Excel it's "Figure 2.2 WHR 2017".
>war thunder
It's a race against time to find stuff as the ice recedes
I will say names often tripped me up if I was reading a book and then watched the movie and the name is pronounced completely different to how I had read it for the whole series
How can you know that 31F exists?
Apply for a working holiday visa.
Trade deals do not happen quickly though.
Australia and US is pretty crazy
Sunset over the mountains of northern Bali.
I heard the Dutch one first so it sounds far more natural to me, just perspective I suppose
'Orl Korrect', which is a play on All Correct
To put it in context though it wasn't all one way, there were many retribution attacks against settlers which were a form of collective punishment as a part of traditional law.
(but they did cooperate for decades on several project with ESA before reaching that point, Australia has some work to do to get there)
How else is OP going to get bragging rights over other travellers that stick to non-warzone destinations?
*Nationalism was also instituted over dead bodies*
Because Australian love it, culturally they are close to Europe and we love them but a bit less their fancy critters
Thankyou for this insight
I’m going to look at the advice some of the people in this thread have provided about summer-lamps and what not
I know precisely what the SCOTUS does, and *disagree with it*.
Lost my eu citizenship for all that sovereignty
I know I'm not European but all my heritage comes form there so I thought I'd give some input :)
Define "good" and "modern".
Chinese Mandarin, it's taught in schools and we have the highest number of Chinese exchange students, therefore many immigrants from China
For me it was the ability to live in a bigger property that I appreciated.
Waltzing Matilda is a much better tune our current anthem
T-Mobile is great for the price (free).
Łysa Polana today and the scenery is absolutely stunning.
It's the same with our doctors, which is odd since we're so close to the Netherlands.
Being anti-US (and deposing a US-backed dictator) doesn't absolve him of the crimes he has committed and facilitated.
They tried to plant their crops in Autumn(failing to take account of the reversal of the seasons when moving from the top half of the planet to the bottom), ate all their food, and a lot of them died
Most of that is brewed in the UK.
"Sup Cunt" - Australian English
I should have guessed Australian.
I dont know
Try not to compare "Australian" experience of the foreign "British" rule to the real Australian experience of the really foreign British rule.
Australian-style immigration system with quotas
It’s so weird how European skylines work, you have low level building 2-4 levels high then you suddenly have 1 or 4 skyscrapers
Nah only Western global cities have to face multiculturalism with ghettolike suburbs of either black or Arab minorities.
Henry followed suite and set up there permanently
Waffles and chocolate
He's pushing for more cooperation on international subjects and I think he's personally more favorable to Russia due to the fact that he's religious.
Maybe it's the actual market rate
Usually when a foreigner mentions the animals, we warn them about the drop bears *wink wink*
Yeah, Charles hasn’t exactly been the most illustrious name in the history of the British monarchy
The unfortunate will then bleed to death through their crushed hand as the wombat prevents him from seeking assistance
Certainly there was a hunger for independence and home rule would have very likely been a stepping stone.
Geopolitically we moved to Aisa years ago.
That's a pretty cool bit of history, thanks
I'm extremely disturbed by this post.
Once they've had their fill of such delights, they'll be able to leave for Europistan or wherever they're heading.
Ive been looking at little retro caravans to do the Aussie road trip with my dog.
My family is actually producing champagne...
I buy frozen pierogi from there, cabbage and mushroom- it's not bad as far as frozen food goes
Does a country have one set of "ways"?
Only Western Europe, Australia and North America.
They left the bedroom door open and I could see them both lying in the bed with their shirts off staring at me
Le Pen has called for a referendum if she wins French elections next year where she and her party are currently expected to do well.
now this reminds me a line from an Australian movie called the Wag Boy "I am half Serbian half Bosnian every day I woke up my one half tries to kill the other"
So do Denmark, Sweden, Finland, and many of the other member states.
It would save a lot of awkward questions
Well a vacuum cleaner has a small hepa filter, Australians are having similar thoughts rn
But they still agree with the feminist issue being highlighted here.
Australians use a lot of Aussie slang so that might be hard to understand too but that's just because I don't know what those words mean, not the accent itself.
One of my mates has a very strong British accent, you would think we would bully him about it but NO, he is the one that starts arguments with us on how to pronounce the word "herb" (He thinks the H is silent so it's supposed to sound like "erb")
Close - parliament in Australia
Also, it’s certainly by no means one of Europe’s most progressive countries
The culture is so unknown to me, and I have a particular interest in visiting (as a tourist) to better my understanding of the people, the climate and the politics of the region (without active involvement of course).
Right not it's spring
It still shows there are quite a few remaining so fingers crossed.
Plus they had German machine guns firing on them the whole time and had 0 casualties
Try to aim for countries that do not require a visa as you usually don't have to answer any questions about your past.
We have loads of fish and chip shops in Australia, probably more common here than the UK
Was about to ask ' Why is the UK in grey
Just add pineapple and you’re good to go
If you ever near Brisbane, Australia please take the 25 minute water taxi to Cylinder Beach, Stradbroke island.
How demanding can the US be when a) there are relatively few items of collaboration anyway, and b) when it's a lot easier for Australia to walk away than, say, the Netherlands from the EU?
People really hate on Cairo these days, saying that it is dirty and unsafe.
Monsters can’t compete with Russians
Drop bears
I've long since moved past taking these studies at face value.
Private prisons are also found in the UK and Australia.
I think they tried to get us to learn 'pure French' and avoid English words, even if they're common there
Do you want to create open borders among them?
Can't we just import high qualified East-Asians, Australians, South Americans, or Canadians?
It's a pity we don't get to see what life looks like for so many people and we should make an effort to seek out their stories
> She started an all woman paramilitary organisation to fight for independence
I doubt this would have actually happened without the recent terrorists attacks in Europe and the particularly the last one in Germany.
The majority of the worlds population doesn't use some wacky continental model that merges the America's into one super continent
Also you guys invented the Cyrillic alphabet, it wasn't Russia (Which some people seem to think they did)
Lots of landlords still want them for rent for some weird reason.
You basically do day trips from the boat each day and then sleep on the cruise ship.
I would only be working for a short period of time (Part time for a month or two).
It's the same at Catholic schools in Australia and everywhere else.
I'm a native English speaker from Australia.
Our president only represents a minority of our country's population
I didn't know other countries even cared about Australian history, that's very interesting, we don't even learn that much about it in school
Not Macron here, but from what I can find Conte speaks English too
Source: lived in UK for 34 years
I have since stopped taking all drugs and have bettered my life holistically.
But it's why the US is #1 at so many things
Now we know how Australia got into Eurovision...
Ok going a bit far with long pants and hoodie for me
>Skadefryd is another one
During his own trip to Australia in 2013, Boris Johnson argued that when we joined the Common Market, we in effect “betrayed our relationships with Commonwealth countries such as Australia and New Zealand”.
>Its a country where they promote competitiveness and make a competition out of everything, even if it's knife forging or cupcake decorating
Don't support TPP kids, do it for Iceland!
I've never heard of the language tests with accents before, that's cool
The Belarus-Russia conflict through the lens of the Gerasimov Doctrine
Where they allow rape and murder to happen, amongst the general populace as well as the staff themselves.
You used "scuffed" properly so I reckon you're doing pretty good, cunt
used the word Kraut, **derived** from the dish
I never knew it was just a German meme ^_^
If you're having 3 meals a day, that adds up to 4€ per meal
People always give him shit over initially thinking he was in India (btw when he says India he means the indies, so he thought was in Indonesia or somewhere near it), it was a perfectly reasonable conclusion to make given the circumstances and he did eventually realize he was in a new land (though he thought it southeast-ish of Asia)
I only found this out today
Usually happens in mountainous countries
pretty sure welsh speakers, breton speakers or gaellic speakers can read this but i sure fucking cant
Many places need to sort out secure bike parking
Yeah, that's how we ended with Australia
It isn't absolutely clear whether they could have made a separate peace but there was no popular demand to do so.
The US became a superpower by allowing Europe to destroy its economy in two world wars.
Apartheid is also an english word
That’s not what I think of when I think about schnitzel
My dad's family are Cockney tho so nothing beats vinegar with salt and lots of pepper
Tourism would drop off massively if they make it that hard.
Similar experience here in Aus.
Are you talking about the original film shot in the 1970s? Because that was filmed in Munich of all places
Just like privacy
And an hour would take me to the closest same sized town without traffic
They also like to detain people for no reason, like a programmer from Australia, so they can question him about programming.
As with many things in America it seems, you take something relatively normal and useful, and turn it up to 11 as a competition
I'm fully aware of the differences
Surely I can't be wrong on Reddit
If you are from a low-income family, look into the Gilman scholarship for study abroad, its a US government program that will give up to 8k for study abroad expenses, particularly to less common countries (essentially not W.
Me and one of my friends have been trying to teach our Swedish friend to pronounce the letter J, when talking to my friend she always calls him "Yack" instead of "Jack".
I'm just getting tired of constantly seeing this meme about the British "fighting to the last Australian", or "sitting back and drinking tea as the Aussies fought and died for them" (as portrayed in the Mel Gibson film 'Gallipoli').
How will they fill out the boring tax papers that we native speakers have to
But you can also use it to mean 'everything/everyone' in a specific context
This has even made news in Australia
I was briefly horrified to see “Curry Munchers” in Queensland around 15 years ago
Here's an interesting article you might want to peruse to find out more:
I mean there must be a small country's worth of us all over there backpacking anyway, right?
In Australia we're the same as the Americans, and say eggplant and zucchini
Here's what I've come up with, tried to split into uptown/downtown areas to maximise efficiency.
Australia-style camps is my best bet
The post-partition end result of having Polish territory and peoples split between three nations seems like a big impediment to that
Runaway climate change will kill a lot more people than a few theist dirtbags.
I agree that obviously not all cultures are equal and that "multiculturalism" that tolerates oppressive cultures and doesn't encourage a shared national identity is bad.
Prefer to pay than have a free one where it's absolutely disgusting to use cause no money is being spent on upkeep/cleaning
Obviously backpacking is out of the question with a new born but would love a few holiday destination suggestions.
My history teacher is less than impressed by my use of his teachings
Clearly you paid attention in history
Whereas pursuing her for her fake employment practice would've been backed up by a huge part of the population.
" Which sort of fit the description of her grandfather
It's quite normal for him to single out Moroccans rather than refugees.
I, for one, welcome our new Bulgarian allies
Not really- if we accept that viral illness is spread from person to person easily, then a person travelling through airports and in confined spaces is much likely to become ill from other travellers than Monica from San Diego who drives her car to work every day.
All with the same language and all with law based on English Common law.
I didn't think any country could have alcohol that's more expensive than in Australia..
I thought it was some political thing lol
A lot of houses in Australia (Melbourne at least) have these
Sorry Dennis
And it's even worse in Yugoslavia.
But I've always maintained I am only a monarchist (in the Australian republic debate) until lizzy dies.
Do you, for the most part, just accept that you are X nationality (wherever you live) unless you're aware of migration that occurred within the last few generations?
There's already 1.3 million Brits in Australia now and that's without freedom of movement, not to mention both major parties steadfast position on tight borders.
For example, if you're using Eurail in France chances are you will have to make "reservations", meaning you have to pay extra on top of your Eurail pass.
Not an issue for a day flight when you aren't trying to sleep but can sometimes the noise can disturb sleep.
Principles are good and all but not in international stage with the potential future of the continent at stake.
Not like the Boston Irish where the identity can last many generations
I had a zip on my bag opened on the Rome metro where it was busy, but nothing of value was in there and I kept everything important close at hand
I've used it to varying degrees of success in Australia, US and several European countries.
I mean you shouldn't have to keep a cheese watered for all its life.
I guess it would depend on the delivery.
I also was a child in the 90s and billion was always a 'thousand million', and trillion is a 'thousand billion'. Never knew there was any other way until recently
The short version: A bunch of Aussie mad lads saw a broken down, unusable German tank in the middle of no man's land and thought "Damn that tank is useless but it would be really cool if we captured it and brought it back anyway as a trophy
Scotland is cheating ;)
Not a mind blowing experience, but fun
The Australian model doesn't work here so good because of different geography and last time I checked it isn't even clear if ihis solutions compatible with the Australian constitution.
"Ideas of Dutch people" and "Australian society" are simplifications.
Where do I start
Hey /r/travel, so im currently trying to get from the US to Australia and my flight going from seattle to LAX (united airlines) was delayed for several hours and then diverted to another small airport in Ontario CA when it was unable to land at LAX.
For example: The Sydney Funnel Web Spider, the most venomous spider in the world, has only killed 13 people
Lmao dude if the dictionary AND all native speakers disagree with your terminology maybe it's you who is uneducated
Prime example would be most of our states and territories: Western Australia, South Australia, Northern Territory, Australian Capital Territory
For those who are an exception and actually drive like madmen, really fast, they usually travel in packs 3-4 cars
Australia has a big fucking wall of water, and sends anyone back that does try to get there.
It looks very interesting don't know why, it's at the bottom of the world but it has its own natural environment and culture.
This is the same process in the rest of the developed world, and the same process for anyone that wants to move to any wealth EU country AFAIK.
Instead
I'd love to hear a Norweigan who has travelled half across the world say something about comparable living conditions..like, fuck you buddy, I'd kill to be a Norweigan able to save up easily to go to the US or Australia.
Maybe I'd still be a waitress
Seems like you're the thick one mate.
For some reason there's a park in my city called Haig Park that still hasn't been renamed
Cunt (friend/mate)
Go be fair, the colony of south Australia was the first place in the world to grant women the vote (1895) and this right was extended to all races, including the natives.
My city is less than 200
“My Friend, you would not tell with such high zest; To children ardent for some desperate glory, the old Lie: *Dulce et decorum est, Pro patria mori*.”
Japan and ROK now training together in fleet actions, something which was unthinkable not 10 years ago.
They ask "Can you explain me what I said wrong
So was Brexit being a 52-48 split cause scores of people thought it was pointless to go out to vote for the status quo
Strangely, it tends to be the second class of
I wonder if you've *really* looked at middle English
How the fuck is Austria the only country besides the UK with 0% not heard of
Plot twist: it's a summer photo
The Sten was apparently horribly unreliable in jungle conditions
They rely upon the vertical precipitation system, whereby water condenses in the air above the crops during specific meteorological events
Australian coins were all originally matched to the size of their pre-decimal equivalents, so the 5c coin (now the smallest in use) is the size of and old 6d, a 10c coin matches a shilling, and so on.
Best part is the local musicians gather next to that area to play.
Weird things like shampoo coming out of the bottle warm to the touch and doorknobs feeling heated.
Majavi an de bugui an de buididipi*
* Large amounts of wind turbines could be located along the dam wall, generating energy
Australia also has deep links to multiple countries such as Italy and Greece through immigration and the EU is the more attractive trading block.
I mean I'd be fine sitting an extra hour in transit to get to the city centre if it didn't cost me an unavoidable 15 euro to catch a private bus as there's no public transport options (I'm looking at you Paris Beauvais)
I live in Sydney, New South Wales, it takes 3 hours to get to the capital, Canberra, and 8 to get to the next largest city, Melbourne
New Zealand, maybe America but they are more like cousins or the neighbours kid
Since you read my other posts you would notice that I mentioned a round trip or 30 hours if my visa were to be deemed invalid.
A film I made while on the Bibbulmun Track, Western Australia
Fuck I wish we had true winters like this
Not from Europe, but judging on history and modern times, who owns which piece of land
If you truly believe Australia and Canada have been colonized the same way north African countries have, you should open a book.
tl:dr - I don't make an assumption.
Usually I would check out the sites first.
I write the first one
Australia stopped giving dual citizenships a few years ago, which I find absurd considering how many people with dual citizenships already live here
Many of them will have the same feel, you'll do the same things, and you'll get little out of it, as opposed to going through the Balkans, Eastern Europe, and so on.
Never been to France but I just looked at the Arc Dr Triomphe on a map, isn't it essentially just a big roundabout
a lot of my countrymen left Greece for the United States, Australia and Germany during the Greek Civil War
I wonder if she ever feels inadequate to her predecessors.
So I guess it depends on how define it
More accurately, European convicts were sent, with a few deranged and stupid people in charge
- Cut the budget of the Rural Fire Service by $50000 AUD
Not an opinion shared by any of the Europeans I met on my exchange
Aren't Africans immigrants too?
Yeah we have a bit of a drinking culture problem
Poland's political environment and views are, interesting, to say the least
I was briefly horrified to see “Curry Munchers” in Queensland around 15 years ago
I'm pretty sure there was an ad campaign on TV advocating either 24 or 25 for air con because it puts a huge strain on our electrical grid
I can't think of even one time in my life where that would have been needed
We have a country with French as its official official language, we need someone with English.
It’s been so long since I’ve last been in Italy
Lots of older houses don't have it, although it is becoming standard in all new construction
We be ok with the 4 freedoms, but most Australians would reject European legislation as it would be too close to being a European colony again :/ (though ironically without the brits making any rules)
So at least some Americans will pay for the government's greed.
Who would have thought modern technology and military developments would make a difference...
I've come across that mentality in both the US and Australia.
Do the math yourself, you have all the figures right here.
Close to the US and closer to Europe than Australia/NZ.
I was taught fin de semaine at school
Googled it, US is second when it comes to biggest houses, with Australia first.
r/mapswithoutnz
Political Correctness is a bigger threat than ISIS.
I've been to a bunch of cities in Poland, and Białystok seemed to have the most different vibe to me, felt more culturally Eastern to me than basically any other big city
I was in Dresden last year but just a week too early to see this
Canada seems great - nice familiar climate, and it's like a saner version of the USA.
No, you are a casualty of your peers stupidity.
But both scenarios were unlikely beforehand ...
Please dont fuck up the gulf stream on the way south.
Also you are better off over estimating than under estimating.
Where do I start
Only doesn’t in US and some Irish and British accents
This was written in 1900, and the states listed there do not include the Australian Capital Territory or Northern Territory because they are not classified as states (also back then NT didn't exist, instead there was Central Australia)
This might be the most shocking revelation you'll ever experience, but Australia is not America.
How much are they raising the prices by
Well anything as simplistic as "Europe is in recession because of the euro" is going to be wrong, nothing in economics is as isolated as that.
If that is the extent of your argument then who are you trying to pursuade?
You have a very low bar for what you consider extremist.
It's funny, 25 c is like perfect weather for me
I think Australia will soon follow
For the UK: the ability to assess the value of any car and ascribe a social status in the hierarchy to the driver
Huh
Untitled Goose game
But [Wikipedia has a surprisingly
For example the 13 colonies, if they did put unreasonable tax’s on them, they could’ve retained those lands for much longer
Also they take a lot of bullets to kill
Often
I miss my mum's bigos
If you want to stick close to the airport, Whistler is always a safe bet.
What makes you think NZ and Australia hate us?
Very common
A lot of educated people leave Estonia, making it hard for the country to truly develop
It's not only the postion but also the culture.
Wait, you are welsh and you didn't put yourselves in the Dragons?
How much of an ignorant bigot must you be to openly make these sorts of arguments?
However if forced to pick I would say Australia or the US which is a bit of a cop out for the european aspect..
Let's go back and have a look at his stupidity:
? It should of been in winter
Fettes brot isn't too bad mate.
Does UXO count as paraphernalia
Is "a couple of months" longer than 90 days?
In my half a year in NL I always found Dutch people to be super chill
It is, but as said in the above article the language itself doesn't come at the exclusion of all other factors.
Fuck no I'm not spending a fuckton for it
A couple years later, you end up in juvenile prison, it's an awful place, you are treated horribly
All the lavender and sunflower fields near Valensole and I really loved Fontaine-de-Vaucluse:
Probably thought it was an "innocent" explanation for why the dogs were interested in the car.
We spent a month or so in each country and even that felt a bit rushed, so I would really narrow down what you want to see if you plan on spending 2 months there.
Why are Israel and Australia in the competition despite not being in Europe?
I figured I'd have a better chance with the Dutch page than anything but it looks like an elaborate joke
I'll be travelling on a Etihad A380 for a very long flight and noticed a strange seating row when selecting my seats.
Headed to Australia June 3rd-18th - Where to go, what to do and what to see?
Fair call
Pavlova wasn't invented by Australia or New Zealand, most evidence supports it being an American invention
Take a look to see if it fits your budget, though.
Some cousin took it though and we haven’t seen it since
Is there a rule for which adjectives go where
Trust a seppo to drink fosters, a beer that we don't even sell in Australia.
the best way to experience any foreign city imo is to just wander around and if you see anything that catches your eye, go for it.
The world can thank Australia for the glorious invention of the [Chiko Roll]  You may not like it but this is what peak culinary delicacy looks like
I know
I'd really like to know how you guys perceive people from other countries/regions in terms of closeness.
Canada, NZL and Australia have over 60 million residents combined and they have their own issues, too
If that was required of all the Turk-Bulgarians in order to vote I wouldn't be surprised if many wouldn't bother.
Programmers, project managers, etc.
Often at great expense due to existing trade agreements that they’re unable to break
They only finally quit cutting between the '50s-'70s.
It means that they need a new EU partner and Ireland is their pick.
Although practically one knows about Lucky Luke
Both rich, developed countries that almost certainly meet whatever civil and legal benchmarks there are, outside of the fundamental issue that they aren't European countries because they **aren't located in Europe**.
In the city of Brisbane, it's supposedly illegal to wear pink pants after 12pm
They're compromised at the moment though.
Mainly Italy for inventing nutella
Ture but it was not their war.
There might be some difficulty with flights between mainland China/Hong Kong and New Zealand (in both directions) but otherwise there shouldn't be any trouble.
Comment est-ce que vous osez commettre ce genre d'atrocités...
They are not speaking about assimilation, it says "overwhelmed".
Sorry from Australia
Australia has a strong case for joining the EU
Greece is suppose to catch up to others with less of a budget to do so?
I didn't spend too much time in Białystok, but it seemed cool to me
Australia and New Zealand now trade more with Asia than the West, and both are part of RCEP.
What did we give you
Indeed, the only country with a red, white and blue flag
Everyone else is on the 24th
Meanwhile, the entire 'Third World' and even some parts of the US and Australia are as they are, all thanks to Western Europe.
I have a distant uncle named Klaudiusz (never met him, but he exists) and a cousin named Euzebiusz
The natural Ochre cliffs that Roussillon, France are built on and surrounded by are absolutely amazing.
You used "scuffed" properly so I reckon you're doing pretty good, cunt
Wasn't the first shot of the war shot by Australia at Germans?
Admit it: you'd like to strip all progressives in those cities of rights to campaign and vote, wouldn't you?
60000 is the widely accepted length of time
Only doesn’t in US and some Irish and British accents
Christ, I knew Europe was small and dense (in terms of distance between cities) compared to Australia but wow
The revelations  as you watch are OMG
The same why they think it is fine for Kosovo to become independent, but then Crimea legally secedes and it is a crime...
Know About the Best Beach Towns Of Australia with Aussie Trip Advisor
40 degrees is not uncommon even in Melbourne (which is one of the furthest Australian cities from the equator)
Just because it CAN kill you, doesn't necessarily mean it WANTS to kill you
Not enough places to buy good pierogi though, I mean there's a few, but not as many as fish and chips places
Make sure you get an exit stamp when you leave Schengen, even to the UK as it will stop the counter.
Tempranillo - Grapes and Wines from Australia
Still is with my parents
Not to say there aren't problems as we had a 200 people angry riot in 2012 when they displayed this Mohammad film.
/r/MapPorn should definitely see this
Thought it was either Moskau or 99 Luft Balloons
They survived over 60000 years without war
Just "on the other hand" but as someone with a Spanish vocabulary of about a dozen words, although we don't have the phrase "other side" in English, I did understand exactly what it meant
Yup, apparently it's basically the cliffs of the Great Australian Bight.
"Shrimp on the Barbie"
Continentals dont know this but anglosphere is the US UK Canada Australia.
Any unfortunate hand will be crushed, and attempts to withdraw will cause the Wombat to simply bear down harder
There's a role we get our names signed of on
Yes, this is most certainly the case.
Brexit is opportunity for Ireland - Australian Foreign Minister
Would be faster to hang yourself and, probably, an easier and less painful path to your grave.
They don’t care about their children or grand children and only vote for their own self interest
We learned of this place when at the Cliifs of Mower in 2004 and met a young Australian girl who was playing the dulcimer on the steps there.
Dandenong Maxi Taxi, Dandenong Cabs, Maxi Taxi Dandenong and Online Book a Taxi Dandenong.
My Granda was an Ulster-Irish speaker, he didn't teach his kids even though they were born in Ireland
Nice flair
Australia has so many issues with masculinity
Also courtesy of Google for only showing everyone similar videos of what they've seen before, instead of a different thing every now and again.
I haven't followed them much, but I was under the impression they were a decent one?
Often have to cut through the frame at the bottom and hinge side of the doors
It is only a small building with not much else to see but I was there on my own which made it even more surreal.
It's America First, Australia Second
4% 14+ 9
The kids I worked with were just like any other, great kids, and it's awful that they have to live like they do
We went in winter, so we worked our way up and managed to avoid the rain, but this might be different in summer.
Better: as a UK business you could make stuff that doesn't meet EU standards and then smuggle them into the EU via the Irish border
Even just considering the coastal areas Australia would be enormous disease compared to any European country.
Was sure I had an Australian flair
With that logic Canadians, Australians, Americans ect are just British.
I was about to quip that it was a little more than one, remembering one or two where a small portion of the passengers survived
That's one change that applies to me as an Australian.
Source: lived in UK for 34 years
Australia has a lot of great bands:
In what markets
I've never seen nor heard a Tasmanian Devil in my yard
Conversely, people in cities don't usually ha e strong feelings about country people, because generally they don't even *think* about them
I think this is the norm in every English-speaking country
Reverso - I saw a car on Spanish plates in Brisbane
I would say that that differences are even smaller.
We need a lot more information to give you any ideas on prices.
I stayed in Airbnbs, camped a few times and cooked my own food.
Yeah, that's very normal here
That's also a reason why I'd consider the occasional talking points that pop up like; 'Ireland was never a unified country until it was under British control,' to be a bad faith argument
I really don't think the problem is that the people with the news agenices are opposed to the idea of showing those cartoons
Beginning as a colourful autumn day at the bottom and ascending into snowy winter at the top
What does it changes exactly if you want to do a London-Sydney?
By boundless plains, it means detention camps on shitty little islands in the Pacific
There's one in the mountains not too far from Sofia in Bulgaria - it's about a 4 hour hike to get to the cabin (you can't drive).
We're a net contributor as well and our economy isn't nearly as much in shambles as those of the southern nations.
Because it's a European subreddit.
So if the socialist elements of the March revolution got what they wanted, Austria would've been part of a "greater Germany"
It's kind of irrelevant that there are other types of immigration.
There are no limitations on how long an Australian PM can govern for, if they can keep winning elections and keeping their party in line.
I love the Greek alphabet
Things are looking as good as ever with our Canadian, Australian and New Zealand friends and May has been on a global charm offensive with non European leaders which seems to be working.
I remember reading that about 1.2 million Brits live in Australia compared to 900,000 in the EU.
You can have a system where there are the benefits (free trade agreements) without the faults.
I had the choice of French and German.
Not European but Western Australia did a vote for independence once, they voted No obviously but since then there haven't been any such movements
when i was in bosnia, i asked why there was ketchup, and they said"try it without ketchup" and it tasted like bricks
I guess it depends on your temperature sensitivity.
plus all of the rights and freedoms you guys get as well
People get super embarrassed
This is such an awesome tradition, thanks for sharing!
They are much more affordable than you think and most unis have a good amount of funding to send students on those programs.
Anyway, everybody can have their own perspective of the world.
Not only Europe, this shit came to Australia with my Dutch relo's, we loved it as kids, my poor dad.
I do plan on getting to the airport extremely early to give myself some sort of chance at an exit row.
Best dish I ever had in Italy was a Ligurian rabbit stew,  fuck it was amazing
Bernie fans like to think the whole continent is a Nordic atheist leftist paradise, Trump supporters like to think every city is under constant siege against Shariah law proponents.
is definitely more over the top.
Under your logic, a rooster, which has the capability to kill a human under certain circumstances, will 100% kill you if it sees you
I really don't get why PISA only tests China by select cities.
Gross
I only find it interesting because  my grandfather also fought in WW2 and is still alive, and my great grandfather was a prisoner in ww1 and involved in the polish resistance, and I'm still only in high school
It's not though, they edited it after the post, multiple people have mentioned this
Did he want to be king of the movie stars
They are powerless without their bikes
>can't sleep
!RedditKLÄPS
They were originally known as that thousands of years ago, with the seperate islands being Albion and Hibernia/Eire
Christmas Eve here is mostly just another day, and all celebrations are done on Christmas Day (25th)
I originally was looking at thailand or nepal and other asian countries but ended up going to Australia where I have been for a year and a half.
Yeah, I was assuming OP was American so I thought they might like to hear from any other country.
Mozambique switched as well as it borders South Africa
Meanwhile in the us
Or any other political entity, like the super evil United States, Canada, Australia, or New Zealand, when they dictate where refugees will be settled in the country.
It seems customer service in Australia is for the most part more similar to the US than Europe, but probably not quite to the same extreme and definitely no compulsory tipping.
I don't mean Asian as in we are all Asians, but that our diplomacy and our trade is now overwhelmingly focused on Asia.
still better than my Greek
They bombed taxis in Indonesia with Australian tourists in them and bombed the UN Embassy in Iraq because the United Nations set up democratic elections in East Timor, which had many Christians.
A harbour was built on the edge of Rotterdam in order to serve Delft, and the area's now Delfshaven
Yeah no my bad about the interests part: thank you so much for the in depth answer!
you are right I think, they get a pass from people in reddit because it is a leftest group.
Just wondering if it's crept into other European languages or not
I would like to visit every continent.
Again computer labs or some research and library areas.
I've had some of my best conversations with Americans, Australians (I don't know why, but they love ductape) and Canadians travelling by train.
For the self proclaimed greatest country in the world it sure is that they can't even beat corrupt little Belgium.
In 2017 there were some quite good tests with great players fielded, but even despite the quality *still* Ireland fielded no players from All-Ireland champs Dublin, nor did Australia have any from AFL premiers Richmond
Australia is actually really easy to immigrate to for skilled labor.
This is not the result of returning the artefacts, nfi why it would even be considered
The difference is that the state in those dictatorships doesn't tell you how to live your life like the Vatican does.
French and Italian borders would be more aesthetic but the German border would be uglier because of the extra Alpine bit.
Germany is actually my preferred choice so I'm happy to hear your 2 cents.
I mean
It does for Australian, NZ and most English accents
I was making a pun about how the 4th estate is meant to inform and defend the truth, but he's actually betrayed it.
Eurofighter Typhoons and Dassault Rafales won't be able to get within 20 miles of a stealth fighter before being destroyed by BVR missiles.
Like the restaurant
I am going to post what i said in another comment
I am assuming he meant Brazilian Portuguese
>People do not replace their native language with English
Sure but there's also other pretty bad leaders like Turnbull in Australia and Stephen Harper.
I'd want to stick to the anglosphere Commonwealth to avoid cultureshock, and Canada strikes me as a bit too cold for comfort while Australia's deadly wildlife is a bit off-putting.
Germany or France
Countries with crosses might have a fighting chance of getting their flag appearing naturally too, but the UK is screwed.
EU can make it and should take more responsibilities for helping the rest of the world.
Not much else changed on the East Coast
All this results in less exposure to other countries, which in turn results in Americans in general being less knowledgeable, for example.
Primarily because I only speak English fluently.
Over mainland Armenia
Then I'm going to Australia where it's 105 in Ayers Rock.
It is shocking to travel 20 hours to Sydney to suddenly feel like I could be in London in places.
You definitely could stay longer and no get bored but I don't think you are wasting your time doing what you are doing.
But that tale of prosperity is not the entire picture, that is why we look at statistics and figures to make informed decisions.
Which is effectively spaghetti with meatballs
Any experience haggling on Airbnbs?
Needless to say, I now am drawn in by literally everything that happens there as its so interesting
Contrary to what he said, all Australian eggs I've seen are sold unrefrigerated
I have had NBN for 8 months here lol
Mate = Cunt
Other countries get the people who couldn't make it to the US, UK, Australia, etc.
It should be off when they tell you to turn off your devices.
I think that's a tad easier
&#x200B;
Obviously, Australia is one of the top places I'd like to tick off the bucket list.
In many English dialects 'eh' or 'right' would be used for that
There isn't much land available around Amsterdam, but there is a lot of water
war thunder is the abusive partner that beats me up but I still come back for more
"Australia, Brunei, Japan and Canada were also failing in their obligations, but all four have lifted, or are soon to lift, any visa restrictions on travel for EU citizens." Is this for real?
The world can thank Australia for the glorious invention of the [Chiko Roll]  You may not like it but this is what peak culinary delicacy looks like
So different to Australian cities, where out inner areas are so much more mixed.
Luckily someone corrected me at some point
They sound very regal
Europe's history of intolerance and totalitarianism I suppose.
Typically, it is unique in this
Only prawns
Things like movie, music and games industries are so huge that the USA would never have to import anything to keep itself entertained.
Stop complaining, we're beating Italy here ...
(not so) fun fact: A lot of employment agencies get job openings with the added code BBB, meaning "blanc, bleu, belge" (white Belgian blue), meaning the opening only exists for native Belgians.
lol that's brilliant
Not trying to take away from how horrific all this is, but I was just curious how 9/11 in the USA fit into this, so I put it on:
I find it all fairly fascinating
reason whatsoever
Middle class people from any country live a decent quality of life.
No, you're not wrong
I live and grew up near the Sunshine Coast, so it's pretty odd seeing this area of Australia being referenced on Reddit for me.
Lol, no I actually suck now
An Australian tourist who doesn't harass the other hostel visitors
Well fuck you too then, and have a nice day.
Sometimes you've just got to walk a little bit faster
I really want to go there, it is so picturesque.
- Selling our water to China in the middle of drought and fire season
Wifi
Lemmino has [a great video] on this
He matches it so well
Australia can in Eurovision
I'm not Brexiter, but yes, I'm quite happy for us to have relaxed travel restrictions with Australia.
I think it makes English more of a dynamic language, but I can see why other languages don't like it
If you think that communism inevitably leads to totalinarianism that's fine (and even reasonable) but it's either dishonest or ignorant to proclaim them as the same thing
Is it all of Italy or mostly rural places
Being a Dane isn't like being American, Canadian, or Australian.
If you ever travel to Australia, this is a must see.
Much more so than in Rome where everyone was unbelievably rude.
Your description of your home life sounds like to me you might be suffering from depression.
I've heard Germany in particular is quite formal with the titles/names thing
Toilet paper
I can say you made the right choice; Rotterdam is a fucking grim city and the teaching at the uni was fairly inconsistent
We call the winners that in Australia
Same with India when in the 40s they just let million stave, that one I kinda get just a bit because they were at war but they were the most powerful nation on Earth at the time
Oder es gibt ja 'nen Späti um die Ecke da
And when it is hot and dry, those forests will burn as if someone poured petrol on them
I feel like OP is banging his American chest and wants to know that we all think it was such a big deal.
I was in Dresden last year but just a week too early to see this
This is where *stuff* happens
Which is totally weird to say in Dutch now, but it was a more regular occurence back in the day.
You're fucked in English and Germany
Pretty sure it was Belarus only.
Ah, I see
I've worked split shifts in hospitality (two hour break between lunch and dinner) and it's the fucking worst
>Phoenix Park in Dublin, Ireland is larger than all of London’s parks combined
Nope, hefty measures are never taken in Europe.
We've had enough traducement from Russia already.
An Australian who doesn't eat Vegemite
Ex smoking rate:
Im from Australia, but my grandpa told me one small story when he was living in Serbia or Yugoslavia at the time, he watched one day as a German plane was being chased by a Russian plane
In fact the only western backed hell holes that exist are undemocratic so maybe you should be more concerned about the state of democracy in your country.
Most of Australia is grassland.
Little do they know it's just OP's Mum's dildo
Wait, what
And none of them are representing my political views.
*  Males: 18+ 12
imo its like norway but cheaper
European, we share nothing with Russia, other than being occupied by it in past, we're neither geographically one, nor politically, nor culturally, nor linguistically/ethnically.
Closer to Europe, but also closer to the UK, too.
Australia is known for having very bland names for slot of places
It may or may not be nice, but a beach it ain't.
They definitely owe something to NATO and US Involvement in it.
If you're talking about Maine ranked choice voting isn't proportional (see Australia), but it is slightly better than first past the pot because similar candidates can't split the vote.
Generally speaking licenses from US and/or Australia, New Zeland and so on, are not calud in EU.
But that might be a slightly different drink water first, espresso second.
Billion always means 1000 million
It has a bunch of theme parks there which I went to as a kid
Of course once we leave the EU it's going to be difficult to justify offering Europeans preferential terms to those we give to Canadians or Australians.
No its not Australia is smaller.
Anyone familiar how long it takes to have a tourist/visitor (e600) Visa for Australia processed?
Well, for one apparently it's a dumb comparison, after people working there say the same.
There definitely is tall poppy syndrome though, but it's only a bad thing when taken to the extreme.
Being from Australia, it will be weird having an increased presence of police compared to what it's like back home, but I've sort of got used to it in the other cities I've visited like Prague and Vienna where they permanently have a police van parked next to major attractions.
CDU: mainstream centrist party, left wing would call them conservatives, conservatives would call them too far left, you know how it is.
Germans get around so it's as good a place as any to start I guess
Assuming AU gives you the Australian flag and not the Austrian one, in which case it might be AS
They're banned where I live but people still let them off all the damn time.
I think such a "left" is not a left at all.
The countries with more multicultural policies are Canada and Australia.
Yes, even the Australians confuse themselves with Austria.
Here I’ve only seen two
With the point of difference being that involves crossing the Nullabor, a place you really, really don't wanna break down
Many years ago it was normal to eat canned rabbit, but nowadays we prefer crocodile, emu and kangaroo meats
This is the most poetic thing I’ve ever read on Reddit
If that's the cost to keep it clean and for maintenance, then I think it's fair
A lot of activists are working to convince people of this in the US.
I'm not baking anything in an oven
Of course you do, everyone loves beer!
Can't say what they gave done to remain in power but I can tell you about a ton of bullshit our current PM has done but for some reason still remains in power
I was a bit surprised there was nothing catering to the long history of spice and silk.
"Real" Billiards is a crazy game that I will never understand.
I suppose it could also be popular in places like Canada and Australia for similar reasons, but what about European countries and other places with deeper established histories and populations?
welcome
Not global
Very interesting, thankyou
>The biggest thing is that the firefighters need special training and equipment
Personally I'd cut out Zurich, Nice, and Munich.
I had heard of a few of those things in Australia but I had no idea about some of the others.
Thinking back to when I was in Paris on a 30 degree day, it did feel like a 35+ day in Sydney
Sure, they seem quite different to us today, but the USA and also Canada/Australia/NZ may seem like a continuation of the British Empire in 1000-2000 years from now, where the capital simply shifted from London to Washington but is otherwise a continuation of the same empire; in some ways it's the same country, and in some ways it isn't.
As I said, the only way I can select my seat is by calling.
It wasn't that they made them for shits and giggles though, the program was just getting to the end of the testing phase when the Soviet Union started to collapse and the money for the space program dried up for a while
I believe the legality of the model must be checked by the Australian courts.
I searched this subreddit for this question and couldn't find anything.
Yeah but there were a lot of Polish explorers and they had the right to name whatever they found after whoever they liked
Can we pick sharks
It sounds like you need electoral reform in the presidential elections
There are plenty who admire him
I've never heard of a "spelling bee" in Australia or NZ
NATO as a source of mutual defence is popular.
That being said, I would not volunteer your Iran trip details to customs and border patrol unless specifically asked.
I didn't even think about that.
My local kebab shop has that and it's wonderful
Is there anyway to get around this?
Because Belgium isn't on a list of state sponsors of terrorism and terrorist countries that require specific visas to access the U.S, so why would they?
At least you don’t get congratulated on speaking your native language like me and a couple of my mates have been lmao
I can understand your hesitation and might hesitate myself if I were in your same position.
Thankfully winter is being quite cool atm
It's happening in many countries in Africa
However, I do think we should put in place certain caveats.
But it stops being banter once is reaches the "Pavlova debate". We invented it btw fuck off Kiwis
Canada, Australia, or New Zealand.
Trump might change that, but we'll see.
That's considered lower class to do that though
Great way of restoring and maintaining the old buildings
All the ugly people were transported to Australia in the 19th century.
The Man from Snowy River is a household word today, and the stockmen tell the story of his ride
Breaking apart the united kingdom merely lowers the amount of magic at her disposal
And if I'm opposed to him voting, then it would be hypocritical if I reserved that right for me.
I spent my time in Germany amongst other foreign lands and I know exactly how you would have felt
Yes, official terror warnings are false flags by Mossad/Illuminati/Freemasons/Jews/Bilderberg Group/Trilateral Commission
I live in Poland and they have flavoured beer here, I think it's called Redd's?
Why does everyone think Australians drink fosters?
So tell them about your immersion into your native Australian culture?
iz not tank, iz demolition vehicle
Small sample size, but in my case very accurate
Or just shoot them all without saving anyone.Such policy has been shown to work very well in Australia.
Gesetz und König und die Freiheit hoch
I've heard people pronounce it 'arch', but the first syllable is actually 'ark'
Interesting that you say that, because it seems it's also the other way around.
I think it's easier for English-speaking (L2) Germans to understand than it would be for a monolingual English-speaker
Non-Europeans have to use Eurail, which usually is considerably more expensive and often suboptimal.
You'd think we invaded you at some point.
We heard it too
I've seen them sleeping in trees regularly
(When I got to the top, I remember thinking "Is that it
Don't want to cut through a high voltage cable
lovely
The last confusing thing about Australia is the
I thought that was the explanation for us being better at Tien voor Taal (the science of language) while you're better speakers generally.
The pieces usually have 2-3x as much chicken
Is there a rule for which adjectives go where
I have read alot in the last day or so about the TPP, plus a lot while it was being written and negotiated and I honestly believe it was a horrible deal that was more about enforcing US copyright and IP on Asian Pacific partners.
I like to keep them in good shape and I admittedly don't clean them as thoroughly and as regularly as I should
Plot twist: it's a summer photo
You can have museums be a collection of items from around the world AND not do it via theft
"You're walking around with proper shoes and a shirt?
She would lose against Macron with 42 percent to his 58, while against Fillon she would be defeated with 44 percent to his 56, the poll showed.
Lederhosen on the beaches of Sicily
>Roman baths found under the museum (which was very handy, and immediately incorporated as a big open display
Good luck with that one
If they get too scary, we ask our friends in 'shot land' to solve the problem.
I had it bookmarked because I wanted to call it one day and ask about national parks to visit if I ever go to Northern Europe.
40c degree days are not that rare
All the benefits of decimal, and of the divisibility of twelve (which would be named "ten")
No, it doesn't work like that, funds are not to be spend on whatever you want.
I am flying into Hong Kong as an Australian and then onwards to the uk using my uk passport.
It's very simple, and as a non country like Belgium you wouldn't understand.
Honestly the Italian summer in Liguria was amazing, I could stay in the sun for pretty much all day and not get sun burnt.
Hei, hyvää nähdä muuta australialaisea kuka kiinnostunut suomea.
Yep, the eggs are normally in the fridge section
I'd like to, but as with most Finnish words, I'm too scared to try and pronounce it
It's a non-existent word, a malapropism.
Saw this in r/TheSimpsons yesterday, was going to post here but apparently these posts aren't allowed
Yes it is, but you gotta draw the line somewhere
Australia definitely not, we have some of the strictest licensing laws in the world.
Please fucking go ahead Zucc
Mandarin is spoken by the large Chinese diaspora not only in Southeast Asia, but also in many "colony" countries like Australia, New Zealand, Canada and United States.
There is a reason Belgium had one of the first far right successes in post Cold War history: the people knew something was wrong and horribly ignored and were proven right.
Destroying the Great Barrier Reef is a lot worse than destroying a village.
Varena is my most fav place in the entire world.
Auckland is expensive, for tourists and locals alike
Never heard of this in my life.
I would definitely count seeing a hygienist as a 'dental visit'
In most countries of the EU you are FAR better off without a car.
People are actually getting violent over toilet paper
I guess it´s not sometimes counted as it gave the right to vote to all white women in Australia.
So in this way there is not really a high degree of certainty that it would be able to flat out down 10 f-16's.
*Australians cackling in the distance*
Australia banned guns, and gun violence went down enormously.
What are facilities and accommodation like?
Check
Thats all i could think of of off the top of my head but there is plenty more
Last apartment I lived in was only made in 2005 and it was still max 1
I use it with the line but I’d say an overwhelming majority of Australians do not
fwiw even very active codebase such as Linux have had backdoors inserted before.
she is still adamant that we will run into a problem actually getting into the United States.
And yes, like I've been saying, just don't buy the Eurail pass.
Is there a Finnish translation of the Lumberjack song
Internationally we've gone to the UAE, Morocco, Tunisia, South Africa, Italy, France, Spain, all of South America except Venezuela, and Thailand.
He's an Australian author who road with three horses solo from Mongolia to Hungary.
Thank you, I'll have a look into this option tomorrow.
Good that you saw it while it's still here :(
Progressive for Australian standards, or progressive for European standards?
There's a surprisingly large Serbian population in Melbourne, Australia or at least in south east Melbourne
A member of the Australian folk-influenced pop quartet?
Virgin Australia already does this.
Was the temperature for me today, lovely day to work outside
But what was the best crime since ww2
German is even hard for the Germans if they don't practice enough
There was a spate of Thai restaurants in Sydney for a while (“Thai tanic “) is the only I can remember now though
But yeah, go to central or south of Europe if you want to have the guarantee of nice weather
That actually sounds really neat!
I'm not sure about Australia, but in New Zealand the Ministry of Foreign Affairs has raised the threat level of Paris to "high risk" and advised against travel there (the rest of France is "some risk") which is a bit ridiculous.
My visits back to my family are easily the highlight of my year.
>as a global language would just diverge into new languages after a while
Can't go out on Christmas Day because practically everything is closed
The way they do (not) insulate buildings is baffling.
You guys would be a lot better off for it, then republicans wouldnt have a reason to exist!
>He married his aunt Maria Witlam, his mother's sister, in 1917 despite opposition from his mother
I just spent a month back home in country Victoria, and the one thing I got sick of was having to drive everywhere
Did you go in summer, the Vatican was very busy, but nowhere to that extent when i was there
Ganze Flasche kostet nur zehn
The monorail one's a collector's item now!
You're right about that, near where I live there's a Polish restaurant, Polish bakery, Polish Deli, Polish school and community hall, and all of the above there sponsor the local Polish soccer team.
To be honest, as a regular citizen, I think Nazi Germany would have been preferable to live in than the Soviet Union.
Shorts+t shirts or long pants+hoodie are acceptable at 25°C
It's really not as simple as applying for citizenship and hey presto.
I've found I can fit hundreds more in this way.
I did service work in a town next to the border of Western Australia and the Northern Territory called Kununurra
Eu capitals lol, like which ones?
He was doing it part-time, wasn't his day that year
They have harrassed our planes and ships in the South China Sea, and just last year during the Tiananmen square massacre anniversary, they sailed 3 fucking warships into Sydney Harbour, I can only assume because our prime minister was in the Solomon islands at a meeting about China's influence in the South China Sea and they wanted to intimidate us
Let's say you just bought a t-shirt in America for 10 dollars.
Have you got a similar trick to remember selvfølgelig
But what's his weight in pounds
do something stupid like he did with Australia
Being upside down
Activists have been working at it since the 19th century.
This is an example of the cycle of poverty among Aboriginal communities in Australia that began with the "Stolen Generation", they were the Aboriginal children who were stolen from their families to be brought up in "missions" where they were taught essentially how to be like white people
Absolutely wonderful people
I don't really remember which one and what season.
Here my updated itinerary I cut down my trip to Australia to find a few more days and while I still have a couple crazy driving days I cut down most of them.
Two big countries to the west!!
I dont understand this whole discussion.
Local travel is more affordable and can be just as enjoyable.
I guess we will experience mini ice-age similar to the one that occurred when ghenghis khan massacred a lil too many people
Her pasta is wrong
Hey, I might be able to get Irish citizenship by descent, or else move back to Europe (from Australia) and gain citizenship where I settle.
If you listen to the young royals speak, they do still sound well spoken and kinda posh, but it's not that different to the way other people speak now
Every single one of those countries would be considered "Eastern Europe" in English-speaking countries
Eventually they moved to Australia which is where I was born in 2001
The base(s) they have in Australia to facilitate drone strikes in the Middle East.
I definitely feel that - planning for an Australia trip and at the exact same point right now!
And the quality is incredible, they say the Germans make good stuff, but I've been on Irish made medical equipment myself when I was having Chemotherapy, I cannot remember for the life if me the company, but I'm fucking glad of the quality and the job it did
The sources used are also very suspicious, the Black Book of Communism has a reputation for being terrible and PragerU is alt-right garbage
Sorry to hear about your condition.
Speeding ticket in Australia???
There are numerous countries with more similar names than Czechia/Chechnya, such as Austria/Australia, Iran/Iraq, India/Indonesia, Mali/Malawi, Niger/Nigeria, Gambia/Zambia, Slovakia/Slovenia and even Georgia/Georgia (a U.S.
And how do you feel about that?
Pronoun dropping in Polish from a language-learning perspective is amusing cause it's pretty much like this; 'Okay so learn these pronouns
I have seen Western Europe, East and South Africa, SE Asia, Australia/NZ and most of South America.
To be fair, it's doubtful we would have anything like an EU parliament and are more likely to just expand the freedom of movement between Australia and NZ to include the UK and Canada.
Police themselves say rape and other violent crime is dramatically rising.
You can just put 1 and leave the others blank, or you can fill them all out
There's probably lots of country people foraging local herbs for fun but that's not the essence of the traditional dishes
The only correct answer to "So, howdya' like our country, eh
More keen on Hostels, but we've been taking couch surfing as well.
Eh, given your border and environmental laws I think Australia is more likely to join US than Canada and the EU.
Articles are so much more simpler
It's too well ingrained into the language with the current meaning
Ok, well I'm not surprised about that
" at which it will brace its muscled legs and push up against the roof of its burrow with incredible force, to prevent its collapse
It's just a town with a cool palace
Basically everything to do with the First Nations/Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people
We take great care of your big Greek expat family over here in Sydney & Melbourne
Funny thing is, this letter used to be in English only a few hundred years ago
Your know that multiple things can be true at the same time right
Alicanteven
How many projectiles did she received every time?
I do wonder how much longer that will last though due to modern media and communications
It was freezing, but I only saw like two other tourists
They’re non existent in aus
-20 to 20 is uniform
But they'd still be in the middle of the pack EU-wide there.
I don't know too much about the place but it seems quite beautiful and sparsely populated from memory
[The seat selected in red here]
Bit rich coming from Germany, no
These days, anything less than a declaration of total war could be perceived as weakness.
Her immortality is dependant on breaking far more arcane systems of power
I guess, but I really want to know it from an Austrian mouth.
I would be very interested to know some of these answers too, as I'm in the same situation.
You really shouldn't believe everything on reddit blindly
Thankyou
Of course Australians arrive to Finland in flip flops
Would love to learn the language, but it seems a bit complicated
Whatever happened to “the customer is always right”
Pretty sure that's global
You don't realise how great it is until it is gone.
[You krauts better not lay a hand on our dear lizzy!] for empire and the Queen /r/Australia!
A man after my own heart
Either way, it will be Romanian at some point.
Classmate- "*eSssshporta*, es ist gleich, oder
Just smelled like a dam or river city too me
Recapturing Africa from Vandals is not too bad.
Australians, there is always a core of truth that it is unwise to ignore
What on earth is in the water down there
Those countries together represent a larger % of the world's economic activity than the rest of the EU.
So many lesser known places throughout Eastern Europe for a bit of urban exploring
Is this sense of distance something unique to the US
During the Australian bushfire crisis a few months back, Scott Morrison did these things:
Is that really considered expensive in Finland
He comes across as a decent and honest man
The Balkans are the people who always argue in the break room
In Sydney there's one right in Circular Quay and another not too far away
Yeah, that's definitely not polish.
All though 3's offering by far surpasses this initiative.
The place was two stories and cashed up - super modern with a guy opening the door for you.
I think it's a council regarding the French language
Like Australia and Israel the most european of all /jk
Tie a chain (like what you use on a gate or bike) or something between two trees, run full speed at it
Why
Animals aren't kept in the tropical part, crops are grown there instead, and Tasmania only produces a very small amount of high quality beef.
So Many Rabbits (I've seen black ones I thought were pets) and Hares
Our current leader (prior to being elected) once brought "clean coal" into parliament
Ive found going from Australia to the US I've been fine by the next morning but coming home takes a few days - which could also be the holiday exhaustion added in.
I think it's great
Thanks for the info homie
Nah too many people here will say it makes them nervous, anxious, etc.
Could of instead of Could’ve
The people I like (for the most part, the arrogant US tourist stereotype can be accurate to some extent, but that goes with almost all stereotypes) but the government is absolutely shit in my opinion
Edit some spelling errors
Everything I know of this is from reading Asterix
Climate change is not fun
Have you been bitten by a spider before
Not European obviously but when I was younger I used to think that all of Europe was part of Britain and everybody there spoke English
Well, you're already self-labeling things with "kosher" so that's still easy to boycott too.
If the UK really felt being joined in an institution was necessary, it'd have stayed in the EU.
Even photoshopped or Edited images are accepted, not only normal pics.
Culturally, politically and historically.
To be fair, Canada now has the same rule.
Spain also needs to replace its Harriers in the 2020s and is looking at the F-35B to do so, etc.
Regardless of your personal views on abortion, I find it absolutely sick how this man is forcing things in that the Irish people have never even wanted, for his own agenda.
We stopped a guy on the street who spoke in a tone that sounded like we ruined his day, but went the extra mile in helping us get where we needed to go, and even checked up on us later to make sure everything was alright
I can see why because it’s a time where they had it good and they were on the top, my pop who has lived in Australia his whole life looks back on those times with a bit of nostalgia too
Australia is much stricter than Canada on trade matters.
London: one of the richest cities in the world, but roads of Roman standards
"Without due process" is a load of crock.
Interesting, cause I hear tons of English loanwords when listening to German
Really want to use Australia as example with their atrocious human rights record in concentration camps?
That's very interesting and good to hear
Holy cr@p im making things convoluted here
Australian media hasn't covered much, if at all (Fuck you Murdoch) The only reason I know it's even happening is because Google keeps recommending me articles about it because I did a bunch of research about the country for an English project and now thinks I'm some sort of Belarus enthusiast
I really want to go buy from Australia the flights are so crazy expensive.
How expensive everything is in NZ and Australia.
Down Under by Men At Work
I still have nightmares about the Uffizi
But I deferred uni for a year and didn't want it be a waste.
Australia, New Zealand, Japan, South Korea..?
And to think that by Australian standards, Americans are quite formal with all that sorta stuff
I'm coming to live there as soon as I can!
Thanks for posting u/languageexchange221, I had seen the Carmina Burana one in Vienna previously, but watched it again just now.
Thank you so much for the break down.
Captain Cook
Minnesota I know thanks to Prince, Bob Dylan and Johnny Cash
It's the C64 load screen all over again.
They worship a nazi sympathiser, carry swastika flags.
Elephant rocks, Western Australia (drone view) for more photos like this see my instagram
Aruba has pretty much something for all tastes.
I love tracking my flight every time I fly.
And I still dream of the pizza there
But even that still helps me with understanding old texts
It is connected much more with anglo-sphere than with the continent itself.
I searched for months for people who had done this before me, he came up as one of two people I could find on the internet.
I would absolutely love if someone spoke to me in English to practice their speaking
Damn it Denmark stop being so neutral!
Not much else changed on the East Coast
It's not annual
good
True, but the Partie Socialiste, is unpopular as ever, it's just a waste of time for some of those people that are leaning between the 2/3 of left candidates.
Some of the larger places have hygienists, but all my dentists have done my cleanings
English borrowed the word from Spanish, but changed the sound and spelling of the word
Under "West" I mean only the Americas, Western Europe and Australia, the so called "New World" if you will.
Not European but New Zealand and Australia have alot of banter
) But for more recent leaders, probably Scomo (Scott Morrison) who is our current prime minister and climate change denier
95% of British people wouldn't understand the "tax dodger" thing.
New Zealand takes the prize
I also love fresh fruit of all sorts but when there are months worth of accumulated days above 25C it really is one of the major reasons I want to move to Norway too
Brutal indeed, such an incredible place.
You know, if I were interested to go as far away from Europe as possible, I wouldn't have posted in /r/askeurope.
I can speak English (native) and Indonesian.
However, when you hear them spoken with the old phonetics - it's much easier to follow and understand
To be fair, ASEAN is composed of south East Asian countries, which Australia isn't.
It might look like all the houses are floating in the middle of a lake or anything, but there's a road just to the left of the photo and the buildings in the background are all on land
Is it just a nominal status, or do they do activities and things?
Love how Turkey is Europe but Russia isn't.
No biddy for you UK
I always just type what I think until autocorrect takes over, it’s the f/g/v combo that gets me I think
Well I specifically asked twice if I can only get exit row seats at the airport and both times they told me yes so it must just be the only way unless you booked directly through Etihad.
I know we receive tons of students from everywhere in the world (including Australia) who come only for one or two semesters, so it's definitely possible, although I do not know if it is under the Erasmus program (which usually is only for movement within Europe) or under some other program.
Shouldn’t the restaurant owner be paying them a fair wage
They don't *kip* at all
and I just looked it up, and now I realise how long ago my childhood was
Strangely, it tends to be the second class of
Besides the fact it is mostly in Asia, we don't share anything in common.
Scots definitely, I know barely anyone speaks it but it’s very similar to English
Australia is down there like "wtf mate?"
I would love to rent a car/van and just road trip and camp but unfortunately the other people who were supposed to go with me bailed and it now looks like I will be going alone (side note: I know everyone says New Zealand is really safe but any thoughts on a girl in her early 20s going by herself?
A Polish mate of mine told us about the same thing
Also most of us are first or second generation Europeans
Nowhere should voting be forced (Australia?), that's completely undemocratic.
It comes from the old poem "Four and twenty blackbirds, baked in a pie"
We eradicate everything that is not a baguette.
It's full of obnoxious European gap year kids who spend most of their time wasted.
I want to live in Australia now,lol
Or get a Lithuanian to Australia and see their large houses, good infrastructure and high wages.
A extermely small number would move there for more than 5 years hence why none bother intergrating
I don't believe you are from Australia.
We say “Hey how’s it going
:flag_au: / :flag_nw:
Not like the Boston Irish where the identity can last many generations
Woo hay
Live in Sydney; I definitely agree!
Onze ziel en ons hart zijn u gewijd
This means the UK is ungovenable, right
Are both worse than Leeds
Farage wants an "Australian style points system".
Particularly when they need to cut the car open to rescue people
animal is indestructible
In 1999 there was a referendum on whether we should become a republic or not and the majority of people voted no
Sometimes UK, New Zealand and South Korea.
Serious question, would either Australia or New Zealand fit as an European nation?
[That's a common misconception] but the Earth is not actually that smooth.
the folks at r/vexillology would have a fit over the complexity of the crown part lol
Thankyou
Europeans have a reputation for being terrible with sleven slightly spicy food in Australia.
Is it worth seeing even with coral bleaching taking place?
If you love a place then go for it.
They're the ones who are wrong
And to compare: the Dutch themselves integrate poorly.
Teaching english is an option but you need to have a degree before you are eligable.
:) Happy Birthday Lithuania
200,99 looks really weird to me
Racism was no more than a rhetorical point, a formal justification used as a cover.
The person I first replied to in this thread was listing negative things, so I contributed my experiences.
But i think it could be viable.
It's 12° in Melbourne and I'm freezing my arse off
Do you mind me asking what industry you're in?
Australia and US is pretty crazy
That's like Europe, right
Potatoes are from South America
I'd rather just go with a conventional federal system à la Canada, Australia, Germany, the USA etc (that said that's basically what you described).
That's true, which is why "not exactly" rather than "no".
Down Under by Men At Work
The iPhone's GPS may not work in flight mode, but either way the GPS is passive, it is a receiver not a transmitter.
I can see why because it’s a time where they had it good and they were on the top, my pop who has lived in Australia his whole life looks back on those times with a bit of nostalgia too
The distance between Perth and Auckland is greater than the distance between Honolulu and El Paso.
Yeah I thought I remembered it being around the 50 kr mark
Yall aren't in the middle ages, wtf is wrong with these animals
How did it catch fire
So probably 13 or something for a large.
They live here, they're an Aussie.
"Hello There" - English
There's such a limited amount of flairs in this subreddit when compared to /r/europe.
I'd rather my country cool it for a while.
Other native English speakers feel free to correct me
Freedom of movement with Australia?
On another note I had a lot of trouble understanding the Sicilian accent when I was learning Italiano
I am *constantly* underestimating the time it takes to travel distances here.
you don't really Island jump like you do in Hawaii.
{insert your own regional swear word here} country in the world
I’ve been to Luxembourg and a lot of responses from got from friends were “I thought that was a German city”
The French make everything taste good
Then she proceeded to put all my groceries into flimsy bags.
They get to use 1 Kiwi pass on me
animals (the Odd) that are more dangerous
They don’t care about their children or grand children and only vote for their own self interest
In Opinion: Dispatches from the forgotten war in Ukraine
Ah, gotcha
Anything even slightly socialist like gets labelled insultingly as communist or socialist by the conservatives.
Might try Latvia instead then
Organic Wine Producers in Australia
Instead
We have a lunch break from work from 14
God I hope they come to australia
Unsurprisingly, they too were unsuccessful in capturing the first egg boy
Obviously it works slightly differently for same sex attracted people and I'm bi so the orientation of the friend plays a role too, but for example I'm more comfortable socialising with opposite sex friends in a group or casual setting
Yeah, lovely weather (except for the occasional cyclone), but it's either hot and wet or still-bastard-warm yet dry.
I don't think there are many places that have as much of an "world's end" feeling as the Great Australian Bight.
I hope Charlie Pickering and his team can get something like this together for Australia, it's right up their alley.
And yes China is land grabbing other countries land, ignoring the UN 200 nautical mile resolution, building military base islands and generally scaring the entire region.
If they ever manage the incorporation of Roselló, I will eat a human pyramid.
Still I quite like it tbf
That theory comes from a book called "The Prime Minister was a spy" by Anthony Grey, a book that is riddled with inaccuracies and factual errors, including but not limited to; the impossibility of a submarine coming that close to the shore, and that according to Harold's wife, he didn't even like Chinese food
How long do you want to be there?
This plan is propaganda with a grain of truth, hiding the fact that *Europeans* want to split the world into a new East/West Roman Empire with Western Europe and Eastern Europe acting as the centres.
So, Germany has no claims legally
They ask "Can you explain me what I said wrong
Australian, reached Nuisberg because it doesn’t sound familiar
I'm more [into this] right now.
English has become an easily accessible world language, therefore the Anglosphere attracts a much higher number of migrants (US UK Australia Canada etc).
If anyone's still reading, also go see the Museum of London, Chatham Historic Dockyard and the Combined Military Services Museum in Heybridge, Essex, although the last one is an older style item and card note of museum, it's beyond exhaustive as a collection of weapons from history
I went to Apeldoorn once
How fresh is Aussie food compared to European
I don't think /u/Low_discrepancy was trying to insult Australia.
For older cities my favourites are Granada (in Spain) and Lisbon.
Would like to go to South Africa one day as well as Peru (climb Machu Picchu).
Do you guys say the 'aubergine emoji' when talking about that
A few weeks ago there were massive fires and many people were evacuated, well some people took advantage of this and decided to dress up as firemen telling people to evacuate, then proceeding to rob their house once they’re gone
But Spain won, they won big
Some say the Greeks or Russians say they are the heirs of the Romans, but based on history, it  probably was the North Italians or Greeks
But all of these outlets support the EU completely.
I made up the England/wales flag but the Celtic union one was posted by someone on here:
Did you need it to be a single word, or just a term for it
Kalingrad looks like an outlier but we know it isn't.
The shoulder seasons really are the best
You need a window seat to get GPS reception but you don't need an internet connection, just a phone with GPS (most smart phones these days).
Mitkos deli in Albion
Unless your work involves some kind of toxic or noisy process
Does Scottish surnames do both Mc and Mac
I like NZ a lot, it's like a better adjusted Australia.
Benefits Of Planning Wine Tours In Perth Western Australia For Hen Parties Or A Bachelor Party
I did service work in a town next to the border of Western Australia and the Northern Territory called Kununurra
Edit: Not that it has to for us to enjoy it, just a curiousity.
No, I think the problem is that you have a foot on one side, and approximately thirty centimetres on the other
That doesn't happen when I go to NZ of course
Well, to be fair they are probably just waiting for the free root canals, pedicures, martinis and blowjobs that will be funded by the 350 million quid a week that the NHS is set to start receiving any day now.
Excuse me but that actually sounds like a good film lmao
It was estimated by the Australian government that it would only add 0.7% to national GDP by 20302
"So you know those big ass fucking birds
The idea is nice and I have family there, and some Baha'is do travel back and are fine.
Be careful Europe, and good luck
Your mates have found something fun to do today, it's called stealing
Australians are crap at integrating full stop, even in somewhere like London where its all english speaking they don't integrate particularly well
I'm about to travel overseas from Australia to the UK and I'm interested in working in a pub in Manchester that my relative manages.
Or should I woo a Norwegian man into marriage?
Ireland was already moving towards home rule prior prior to world war 1.
Where are the Islamists coming from?
Not personally but I hear the Japanese get real angry when people mention all the horrible stuff they did during the Meiji-era
Aussie here, why do you think we're notorious for constantly changing PM's?
That's probably why there are so many different dialects
Check out r/combatfootage
OMG same here
Difference between "Monenegrin" and Serbian are the same as differences between English spoken in New Zealand and English spoken in Australia.
Fuck no I'm not spending a fuckton for it
I'd agree with the other poster who comapres Australia to Western Europe regarding safety.
Yeah people forget that stuff like beer were important commodities not that long ago
In Australia we often refer to biscuits as "bickies" and chocolate as "choccy"
We must catalog them for our archives
I went into a new line of work when I got home and while it was hard to get going at first I am going well now.
Jet lag could easily wipe out 1 or 2 of your days.
Must be proof that cheeto man is a time traveler from 2036
>If you say "tomorrow we shall drive to the store
How about yourself
Four of Iceland's Volcanoes On The Verge Of Eruption
For the rest of my life..., definitely Canada.
What’s with Saudi Arabia visiting Bangladesh the most (in the bottom right corner)
I'm asking out of ignorance, not trying to be snarky.
I love the Irish :)
Correct, australian citizenship for example didn't exist until 1949, we were all british citizens.
Submarine tunnel
Farm Stay in Peaceful Bay Denmark, Western Australia
Well if polish people made a Christmas tree out of horse you wouldn't call that a Slavic-Mongolian-black sea Christmas tree
Also the total amount of immigrants from Asian countries indeed does rival the total numbers of immigrants from the US/UK.
For me, I find the Slovenian and Persian (Farsi) languages particularly beautiful
And I still dream of the pizza there
*Laughs in Australia*
I'm assuming this party is right-wing
It is nearly as ridiculous as its name, and spends its life digging holes in the ground, in which it hides
What is the most beautiful sounding language that you have heard
That would include Russia (maybe with the exception of very remote areas in the far eastern regions, but those aren't too relevant anyway), Australia+NZ, North America and most of South America as well.
I recall they have a small open dance area across from the bar.
After Eurovision I'm missing Australia as 'overseas federal department'.
A week ago she was polling around 36-37 against Macron.
You should really look into the monsoon seasons for each country to plan your route.
Preferential treatment in that instance is wrong, and I would prefer an Australian points-style system to be implemented as I feel it is fairer to prospective immigrants of countries from outside the EU.
In Europe, even the most well-regarded states, the Netherlands and Sweden, trailed badly on 24 and 23 per cent.
Europeans who celebrate Easter, does your country have any unique or interesting traditions?
Why don't you rename your capital city to that
Depends of your lifestyle, but if it was me who had to plan my budget in this situation I would probably think 60 euros is enough, but I'm a bit of a cheapskate.
> they consistently tended to refuse to read error messages which were telling what to do
Also the small detail that your hard currency will help prop up a maniacal dictatorship.
You'd be surprised how much that can help
What the fuck am I reading dude?
It really depends on where you're from.
They were also imperialist and Stalin was a racist cunt
Thanks
It is very sad that Polish people are forced to eat carp, which have a horrible taste and are considered a pest.
Yea, when i went there were 16 Australian's and only a few of us learned Finnish, and a lot of them were just terrible at learning languages and gave up or put it as a low priority.
I visited Copenhagen since and spoke to some CBS students and regretted my decision somewhat
Could care less instead of Could not care less
There's no way she could have ever even met me before.
Just ask the Australian government
The first couple of days you are extra careful and looking every time and it becomes second nature
I think what you are trying to say, is that English is "the language of the Engls (Angles)" and that England is "the land of the Engls (Angles)".
The car might be a bit cheaper than a train but it might make for stressful driving if roads are icy.
As a Swede that lived in Australia for a while, it's a truly amazing place.
You can't beat jet lag, only mitigate it's effects.
But most of the tourists that have caused me to stop, feel sad, and think to myself "He's not going to survive the night" were from the UK, with Australia in second place.
She is my Queen too and I can vote how I like.
Being worried about getting a job because of a place you traveled to might be one of the stupidest things I've ever read on here
I think that's a tad easier
Cyclone Tracy hit the city of Darwin on Christmas day, 1974
There is a Times Square and dense business area but I can't see any other similarity.
what type of question is that
When the government discriminates against Vattenfall, it is discriminating against everyone that holds shares in Vattenfall, from rich guys that are worth hundreds of millions of dollars, to mum & dad traders, to people's retirement share portfolios.
Meanwhile in Australia
I say supposedly because many websites claim this but I couldn't find any actual evidence to support it
It's mainly mining companies, China (we are over dependent on China) and general big business
Depends on the extraction and access available
Irish settlers left Ireland and came to Australia,admittedly in the first years as convicts but later as free settlers and settled on aboriginal lands and drove them from them as they expanded their farms.
Dunno how to describe it but yeah there is definitely a regional difference
That really is surprising considering the [trouble it's giving] in Australia.
Even here in Australia with two major parties we have minority parties holding important seats.
Canada and Australia also provide consular services to each other's citizens in areas where only one or the other offers them, which supersedes the British fallback in these areas.
MH17
Grant v Australian knitting mills being used in England and Wales being the classic example
I am still surprised on how much stuff can happen in an area that is the size of my sub-district in my state
Why are you posting an alt right symbol?
Not European but I would like to thank New Zealand for always sticking with us whenever we went to war together
Honestly, I think you're going to regret many of those choices when you've had time to reflect after you're back.
Spent like 8 hours in the Uffizi gallery sick lmao,  I’ve held a grudge against Di Medici ever since lol
If you can't get in, (like this chump over here...), go to Clamato instead - walk-ins have a much higher chance of getting a seat.
Over 70 million non-immigrant visits per year (20 million are from Mexico, but no doubt they'll have even harder provisions for them).
Yeah, the red poppy is used for remembrance here too, and for ANZAC day
I'm Australian, but ran into a similar problem when I lived in Europe for a while.
Bin Chicken: Ibis
Literally one of the main reasons the be in the EU is the strength of their unified negotiations
New Zealand is likely the same.
I hadn’t ever broken it up completely though, so thanks for that
The Eureka stockade was about workers rights and freedom from colonial oppression, not fascism
Oh god, was that German humour?
- Name abbreviated as "Scomo"
Home currency is the Aussie $ and I'm looking at taking $3000 with me.
Generally when people say they're coming to Europe for the first time I advise them not to make the rookie mistake of just going to the big touristy cities - Paris, Rome, etc.
Just search up connections and buy them as you need them - usually the bus will be the cheapest by far.
I heard Australia's only invention was the rotary clothes line.
>Also, London for all its faults apparently has more green spaces than any other European capital city
I lived in Sweden for two years and I recognise the country for the great place that it is.
In most other languages words ending in -a are almost always feminine
If there is a show on the American Netflix, they would need to make a single agreement.
if you are from Australia you can always teach English here, even though the English got better in last years, English speakers are still very welcomed here (beside that, foreginer usualy work as IT experts and scientiscts (except Ukraines who work as a workes) )
It was freezing, but I only saw like two other tourists
To be honest, every city is bad in it’s own way, ugly or not
The UK, Australia and Canada are all in the five eyes as well.
There are some traps for the unsuspecting traveller, though
it's part of yiayia's genetic memory and she thinks everyone else is nuts for not knowing about it
Umad
Most Australians are now urban dwellers, having
No judgement, just seems a bit weird
Sweden is wrong
By the time he's eligible to run again (2030) he will be 77
This is both amazing and so sad
Do I?
If money isn't a problem, I stayed at an insanely good spa hotel in Ipoh, Malaysia a couple of years ago.
Our true allies are Australia, US, New Zealand etc.
I'm trying too learn it
The US saw an even larger decrease in homicides over a similar time span despite allowing the federal assault weapon ban to expire, millions of AR-15 and AK pattern rifles flooding the market, millions of CCW permits issued, and relaxed carry laws almost every where.
This is peak inter-Scandinavian violence
I went to Olsztyn and really enjoyed it
It's very strange thinking about the different sounds in languages, you think you know all the sounds until you try to pronounce a foreign word and nearly summon a demon
Salafism is the same bullshit as Wahhabi.
Only it was going to be, the bill was already on it's way through Westminster when WWI started.
Mount dissapointment
Mustard is yummy, I'm willing to give it a try
In the same way an Australian accent is foreign to the English.
The Von Carlstein will prevail!
I'm interested
Yeah, their own will to create a Russian nationalist state because Russian state media spread lies about Ukrainians persecuting Russian people.
Go into your local police station and scream out "Heil Hitler!!1!" and see what happens, Mr.
>I also envy countries were people generally know multiple languages, but I suppose we get by quite easily with just English
I've had a magical time in deserts before (Australian outback, Turkmenistan, being the only person at a Saharan desert camp, Wadi Rum) ...
Vowel does not have the meaning you think it does in English
Thank you both for sharing, this is her interesting and I do like to see both sides of an argument
I got this RemindMe bot reminder today
What does physical distance or continents have to do with not being allowed to compare two places?
They are the most similar to us in terms of culture and politics while also having a nice climate and insanely beautiful nature.
could take an eye out
Many native speakers would be totally against changing it
Don't be a cunt
If I ever mention that to an Australian though, they'll look at you like you're fucking insane.
That is just 1 example of a career that can work with travel.
I'm sure there is a lot more to see in Australia too.
>The US is unique in that regard
We spent the rest of the day there.
* The dam walls would also have a railway, allowing freight and passenger traffic along them
Oh where do I start
Did we get invited to the party cos we get invited to Eurovision now
Eddy Mabo
But it still looks amazing all the same
The Australian model is necessary and should be copied.
**Notice:** Are you asking for travel advice about Australia?
Lovely place and people
Australia
Venice is a tourist hub and I struggled to find authentic food there.
I appreciate that your last few posts are probably jokes, but they are likely to be taken literally.
Majavi an de bugui an de buididipi*
To perhaps offend you the average Canadian and the average American are very similar.
In all my travels I've not met an Irish lad or lass that wasn't absolute tops
So I'm brainstorming different ideas.
Anytime a politician touts policies as stuff that will promote ‘family values’ is a time where you should start running for the hills
* The dam walls would be able to carry an electrical grid, spreading out electricity availability
And an hour would take me to the closest same sized town without traffic
For example, here in Australia iPhone is probably the most popular type of phone (from what I have observed).
I was born in Australia and have NO citizenship elsewhere.
Take it easy, walk slow, sleep a lot, don't drink booze and drink HEAPS of water.
I love interrail, but if you're on a budget and there's no where you *have* to be then hitchhiking/carshares are your best bet.
Historic ones are the PLC, Unification of Poland by the Piasts
That is like Belgium supporting the communists during the Chinese Civil War.
Haha possibly although most of Queensland don't know what aircon is and the windows in our houses open up all the way too
Yeah I guess our alps must be slightly warmer than yours in Switzerland
I smash toasties here in Australia, and never thought anything of the fact that my mum as always cooked them, and she is polish
If I remember correctly in my year 2 worked as au pairs in the US, 2 (one of them me) as au pairs in Europe, 2 went on a working holiday to New Zealand, 2 to Australia and 1 to Canada, 1 did a volunteer trip in Kenia.
And by *Western* I mean *politically Western*, which includes the rest of Europe minus everything east of the Balkans.
Hey thanks so much for the response!
As well as a highway
its gonna be volatile for a bit, but thats where you cash in :)
even in the netherlands
Oh yeah that to
It's propping up Erdogan supporters and the military.
Never been evil enough to try a real Dutch oven though
Summer days over 40 and winter days around 12 but with an icy wind
some people want to get rid of french loan words and replace them with german ones, i think it’s called Anglish
They mentioned in their comment that some adjectives come before
Does your Australian passport list your place of birth?
Seems to be a very nationalistic/jingoistic(?) sub over there
It’s +32c here
Australian Sunrise Slackline HD
Canada Australia NZ and US are the most popular options.
Ireland can't have produced that much greatness if it needs to claim the *American* President Kennedy for itself.
Not brown snakes though, brown snakes are cunts and they will kill you on sight
Australian Professor on Nordic Successes and Challenges with the Integration of Immigrants
So maybe if you just pretend it's really cold outside your body will think its your normal indoor winter temperature
Suppose 60% voted for Brexit and they would remain inside ...
I believe it's a slip of the tongue by the users as Indian English doesn't mandate that as its name
You mention that you could say the exact same thing about European countries.
I appreciate the feedback, we are leaving Kuala Lumpur for now and heading to Australia, and getting to Japan as our last stop.
That's the only bad thing about Aus
No one likes a downer, but if everyone is a downer then it probably doesn't matter
You don't need to learn German for Germany, I got by just fine with English and a German phrasebook.
Hitchhiking or carshare is cheaper, however I did Interrail a year ago, I think you could get a tickets that was 14 days use in 21 days or some such and that was such a great experience going Denmark, Germany, Austria, Slovakia, Poland.
We wandered through the 6th arrondisment and it felt like quiet, beautiful Paris :o We decided when we go back we'll stay there next time.
Elite level vehicle - Trabant (unless you make it to Political level, then you get upgraded to a Volvo)
Today, as Canada, USA, Australia and Britain become more ethnically diverse, the "glue" is gone and speaking the same language is not strong enough.
cars, the wombat becomes an asymmetrical launching pad, with results that can be imagined, but not adequately described
:) Just wanted to share day 1 of our experience.
I know little about Joey's or rovers but I can outline some of the aspects of the rest
I mentioned this above, and I don't know much about Sweden, but I watched an Australian news report where the reporters were attacked in a Somali immigrant neighborhood.
I'm surprised anyone ever wanted to go to Turkey considering how many Turks there are.
Back in Austria where I'm from (Styria) there are deer huts everywhere and I have family who hunt deer a fair bit as well as go fishing often.
I'm getting inclined to cut Australia and go to NZ.
Also the musics selected for this serie are sooooo  good
because that's an odd name for it
I would say that generally everyone in the major cities sound the same, though there are a few words unique to each state
I lived in Perth in Australia a couple of years back.
8-9 months of beach weather
That's not to say England isn't important (they're our main airstrip above Europe) but they're third on the list.
I know Dansk Folkeparti have an interest in protecting Folkekirken, so that's probably their motive in voting down the full repeal of those laws, while probably also wanting an amendment to narrow their scope.
We have alot to thank the British empire for : /
But it's a quintessential thing to see!
We bring beer and sometimes venomous creatures
You don't see these two as exactly equivalent??
i visited Ypres and the western front last year, it was horrible to hear what had happened in brussels
Thank you for the response and the articulation
As an Arabic speaker this is news to me
Such a shame because I reckon a whole bunch of people have skipped it based on that info when it really is awesome.
The only place I am consistently treated badly are in English language shops: Shakespeare and Co., that Australian bookstore, and one tourist trap place where the guy went from rude to friendly once he realised I wasn't American.
Learnt something new today
I'm going to Kiruna in 3 weeks, what are the chances of seeing them?
[There's only one pig in Afghanistan too!]
Also They, they has always been a neuter option for ages
Nevermind
They all have to overtake at the same time
P.S. I'm not a tankie, I'm an anarchist
Approved by the Australia and New Zealand gangs
Australia, NZ and Canada seem to be alright.
Can confirm
They're not the highest mountains by an stretch of the imagination but there are several peaks you can hike over 6-7 days of hiking including Mt Ossa, one of the only ultra peaks in Australia, and Cradle Mountain.
Yeah, no need to remind me
They have surprisingly small populations (smaller than the UK population when added together!!) so any immigration we got from them would be offset by emigration of Brits, and they're highly developed commonwealth countries with whom we share a long history.
Garlic is awesome though
This post made me really realize that Europe has almost no relationship with the Pacific Ocean.
Cunt(insult)
We also call British people "Pommy", which comes from Pomegranate which rhymes with immigrant
Also alcohol is heavily taxed, so like a 1
Theres 2 problems that I see with this however:
Isn't most British media traditionally EUsceptic?
Ceiling fans are commonplace in schools here
as long as you winning elections you keep your job
Australia has a city called Perth, and I believe New Zealand as well as Australia have cities called Newcastle
com/at/politics (if en-EN locale) and globalchat
Yeah, because we're an island like Australia /s
Despite the obvious danger, do not refuse
This fantasy about replacing EU27 with Australia and Canada is too damn frequent among brexiteers.
Netherlands, EU Reach Deal On Ukraine Association Agreement
I worked in a cafe with shit air-con (in summer it was hotter inside even on days that were over 40), our uniform had a beret
Wow I hadn't heard of this until now that's really interesting thanks
- Australian
And I'm pretty sure you can just flip ours north and south and they'd still be true for you.
Lol I must have spoken incredibly broken Italian, mi dispiace
The Danish kroner I've been hoarding are wasted!
We used to send them to a trash TV show in the Australian jungle, but this is more fun.
Lol yeah
Scott Morrison is Australia's current prime Minister, he was voted in by all the boomers who's only response to criticism is "Lay off Scomo
Can't we just import high qualified East-Asians, Australians, South Americans, or Canadians, instead of non-qualified hyperreligious people who dislike our culture and values?
Australia isn't old enough to have classical music, but we do have Midnight Oil's "Wedding Cake Island"
And how can I forget, the only place in Australia where snow can be found year round: The Snowy Mountains
Don't worry most of them are pretty chill, except the brown ones, they're cunts
Just look at conservative states in the USA, or the current downfall of the Australian economy :)
Upside of that meant each region of Italy had an amazing unique dish
Idk some fake Eastern-European city that’s an abomination of Night City and Moscow
I present to you this present
Probably due to lack of other candidates...
I've around the UK a bit, and for some reason Leeds stood out as a dump more than others
Just looked back at my final itinerary and this is how I divided up my time:
What to expect when visiting Australia for the first time.
It's more it's like calling Australia 'Commonwealth of Australia' - it's just weird
I don't really know the perception of our diaspora but personally I just think it's sad.
Fair enough
Wow that's really interesting thank you so much for sharing
They really think that they are above the law and can detain people based on name or skin color.
Delicious
is it one of those 'green spaces' has a wonky definition situations
- Depicted having romantic relations with a lump of coal due to the fact he is a climate change denier and brought a lump of coal into Parliament and said "Don't be afraid it's just a rock
My native language is Arabic, what i like about it is that when you meet other Arabs they all switch to standard Arabic
It's not like you were learning anything there anyway because you always got in trouble
EG, Asia, Oceania etc driving on international licenses
Australia's policies are not really strict.
**Western  Australia** I don't know if anyone lives there
Ah thanks that's good to know, I assumed it was 24 x 7.
I live in Sydney, New South Wales, it takes 3 hours to get to the capital, Canberra, and 8 to get to the next largest city, Melbourne
I enjoy lots of thinks but was looking for ideas of places people have been to and enjoyed for inspiration.
It’s been so long since I’ve last been in Italy
unless they are an American
It would take about five days to Drive from one side of Australia to the other.
I never leave the house without having my daily piss bath so I'm not worried about them
Joe Blake: Snake
Yeah, and he can be terfed out if the party doesn't like his decisions, something we regularly do
I just don't know if you leave near the Rockies, or central Indiana, or china, or Australia, or Norway, or Russia, or Spain, or Peru, or Chile, or Turkey, or any other number of places.
As for borrowings, there's not one single language that hasn't borrowed vocabulary from other languages for concepts that don't exist in said language
This is only possible because of the wide spread availability of cars.
The US has bears, wolves, large cats like mountain lions and lots of other shit.
- AC/DC: Need I explain acka-dacka
Which was now that think back on it, really fucken cool
But Spain won, they won big
Coz we told him once about how it was normal here in Australia xD He is an elderly man so it is possible he's forgotten that he has told us a number of times before
Don't know if it counts as a gap year, but it's common in all social classes (not that big difference between social classes in Scandinavia).
I wonder if watching that movie Australia with Hugh Jackman will help in visiting the country ...
Skipping and repeating years is also not uncommon so you can get a mix of people from 17 - 19 in your final year (although usually if someone has repeated a grade they probably would drop out earlier), a guy in the grade above me was really smart and finished at 16 although I think it was a special case
The other germanic languages had those sounds at some point
I'm fairly certain the EU *forbid* Australia to conduct informal negotiations with the UK
- Sold a shit ton of water to shady Chinese companies in the middle of drought season
Too many differences
Is that where Iskender comes from
Then work my way towards India, doing the Everest Base Camp trek on the way.
>À toi notre sang, ô Patrie !
) change the word to suit to the language, but English tends to avoid that now
Lots of people to speak Chinese with in Australia, too
Hello, im currently planning visit my girlfriend whom lives just outside Melbourne in Australia, I currently live in Northern Ireland Uk, iv never travelled before, so i want to make it as quick and painless as possible iv already found my flights.
Oder es gibt ja 'nen Späti um die Ecke da
Is that chicken parmigiana
Travel Visa Requirements for Australians
Australia being similar to New Zealand, chicken is most common and everything else is pretty rare, but in some very (very) rural areas, emu meat isn't an uncommon sight
The thing many people aren’t aware of is that Taiwan and China actually have economic cooperation with each other to the value of $150 billion a year
The dogs were eager to get out of the spacecraft as soon as possible because the rabbit kept on pestering them to "do a barrelroll"
Even in June its like 730 am to 7pm
spiders won't go near the sea
Why aren't people quick to point out the commonalities between, say, the Putin administration and their supposed strategies, and the past 5 US presidents - with a proven track record of subversion, deceit, manipulation, etc?
From Wikipedia:
India,Canada,Australia,South Africa,ect all left without much fuss in comparison to the other empires.
I don't think the Australian offshore model is an appropriate response to any humanitarian crisis like Syria.
Yeah, sure
We make fun of every accent
We have yellow page phone books in Australia
Ukraine truce renewed at Munich security conference
It's not just 'other nationalities'.
YES ICELAND
To get to certain point from your starting location, sometimes you need to travel west, sometimes east.
No one tell the Germans
**Melbourne** Words cannot describe my contempt for this city
But since I insulted the Scots by calling them English
This is why the English dialect is the best dialect of the English language
Germany starts demanding other countries food, they give it to him to get him to shuttup but then he starts demanding more and eventually starts a massive food fight
i think monaco would be good
China
Murdoch essentially has editorial control over Sky News, The Times, The Wall Street Journal, several Australian news outlets, and works closely with CNBC.
Electrical batteries will never be as cheap as a heat battery.
Also relevant to see how many refugees Turkey is taking in comparison to the EU countries.
We're just taught mostly about the battles and the holocaust
I always joke that when I'm fed up with Europe, I'll move there (as I can't move any further away while staying on the same celestial body).
Far right politicians often claim theyre socialists and then vote in parliament alongside the most corporatist MPs.
As an Arabic speaker this is news to me
There's nothing wrong with moderate nationalism.
Australia here
Digging holes in the hard
I enjoyed the hell out of it though.
I usually go 2-3 times a year for a checkup and clean
Flat track road
I just moved back from Australia, yeah :(
It is a form of initiation rite
Anxious Ukraine Risks Escalation In 'Creeping Offensive'
Please enjoy our ample sunshine and our less lethal animals (compared to Australia).
No, it is in Germany, certainly not everywhere.
Yeah we have a bit of a drinking culture problem
There's no federation between, e.g., Australia and N.Z.
- Visited a couple of fire affected towns so he would look good in the media which absolutely fucking backfired because he was shockingly rude to people and physically forced a woman to shake his hand when she refused his offer to
Great chocolate and great beer.
That song was legit awful
If I want to go to a pacific island, there’s plenty to choose from that haven’t been americanized and turned into a tourist factory
If you're in Melbourne, I know a decent place
So another option would be to go up to Thredbo through Albury than work your way back to Melbourne along the coastal road going through Eden, Lakes Entrance, and Wilson's Prom.
I don't think your chances are great but...
I only find it interesting because  my grandfather also fought in WW2 and is still alive, and my great grandfather was a prisoner in ww1 and involved in the polish resistance, and I'm still only in high school
Except NATO, Canada, Australia and New Zealand.
I like this idea, it would make the hardest Brexit scenario possible with nearly no dependency on powers from the EU.
The AfD isn't able to do anything but talk, as they have shown on numerous occasions.
Now I'm confused whether I use normalcy or normality more
Is it surprising that muslims help their own?
Same
What is possible with the ISDS can be seen in Germany quite well: Vattenfall is suing the government for 4.7 Billion € because of the nuclear phase-out and apparently their chances are quite good.
If you choose to risk it (I'm not sure what risk there is, but I'm sure that if you're in major cities you won't have any problems) then Tallinn, Vilnius, Riga, and Krakow are super cool places - cheap, fun, and beautiful.
I'm guessing that's the barbaric country then.
Same in Australia
Head, shoulders, knees and leg
- Flying to Hawaii on a holiday for 2 weeks the second the crisis began, only came back after backlash from the entire planet
We have enough problems with stagnant ineffective government we don't need to make it worse .
That does not make them right of center, it means your center way to the left of what the mainstream would consider the center.
Also don't forget Canada, Australia etc.
Oi, stop stealing our regional dictators to struggle against, the Philippines is clearly closer to Australia and should be ours to be scared about 'opposition' from.
Perhaps not a stranger, but certainly someone I'd never met.
Growing up to Australia, the best school trip I ever got was to our capital city right before primary school graduation, which required a plane trip as it was further away from my city (not even in the north geographically) than Berlin is to Paris
I guess it's just a difference of vocabulary!
Teacher- "Nein, nur *Sport*"
Australia, New Zealand, or Canada.
Nah, the racists don't mind Australians.
LOL, that was a total coincidence XD
Fair enough
Great, cause you'll never see them again
So why have a union when it can be more efficient without one?
Remember that Europe is considerably cheaper than Australia...
There is an award system called "boomerangs", if a cub gets the bronze, silver and gold boomerang badges they receive a grey wolf badge, the highest award in Cubs
Maybe that's why we love iPhones in Australia haha
> we also dislike removing posts that have a lot of engagement
You can do it for under 250USD from Cusco including admission.
As I said, that was from my own experiences :) I work with a rather large number of Muslims and they have turned a few coworkers down when asked to go out for drinks, for the reason I mentioned above.
The lower key and richer voices help, plus the Dutch language just suits the song better I reckon
The prime minister elected here in 2013 was born in London
And interestingly, since my father was born in the UK I'm fairly certain that makes me a British citizen too
Tbh I didn't learn about Aboriginal culture through websites or books, I got most of my knowledge first hand when travelling through the Northern Territory and Western Australia (especially in Arnemland) So I don't have any recommendations for you
Nyarri Morgan was an Aboriginal man who's family had been living in South Australia for 10s of thousands of years
Europe has to develop their own system that works for Europe, not try to copy someone else.
94% for our last federal election in Australia :)
But I'd advise against staying any time in Naples, it was the only city I felt unsafe in in my 1.5 months backpacking around Europe, that could have been because I walked from the station, to the archaeological museum and back.
And when it is hot and dry, those forests will burn as if someone poured petrol on them
It was estimated by the Australian government that it would only add 0.7% to national GDP by 20302 - so shit all..
(Shut up Germany, we get it, bad man with moustache)
Stressful, isn't it
I can kinda see why France does
and NZ is admittedly a long way from everything...
You got Adelaide then the 3 main types
Only later in life did I learn they were the same thing
build a big wall, the most beautiful wall, along its coast
Don't act like either side doesn't have an interest in the other's politics.
Youd sound stupid saying it today, but people will still understand what you mean
fun fact- Australian students studying French often go to New Caledonia on school trips because..
But I've also heard that you all dress more or less in a similar style, and there's not much individuality as there is in some other countries
* The eastern side of the dam walls can also have port facilities located there, allowing freight to be imported/exported via the rail system
Employment of 3rd gen immigrants is lower than that of 1st gen immigrants has ever been.
Pilot who shot down the Russian plane was jailed.
Book Australia & New Zeland Cruise Tour
You have to be *really* homesick to want to live in Belfast during those decades.
In English if you asked someone to name vowels they'll give you a e i o u 98% of the time
I've always had this idea in my mind that the Netherlands had much more interactive classes compared to Belgium.
And it won't be solved because preferring Australians on the basis that they are Australians will 100% be called racist by many people.
David is like the British version of Steve Irwin, he's an absolute legend
America has deadlier animals than Australia.
Take a selfie with a snake
Walk the Overland track in Tasmania.
Yes he might even lure Australia out of the EU.
Summer average highs in the mid to high 20s with lows in the high teens to low 20s.
Aserejé ja de jé de jebe tu de jebere seibiunouva
Hmm not sure I'm too familiar with any others in Europe
I'll just go with both
The Schengen tourist visa for Americans/Canadians/Australians is only 90 days and in theory you can only have 180 days of stay on a tourist visa in a year.
Kann ich dir Fragen, wann genau benützt Mann "Ehren" ich hab's oft auf ich_iel gesehen
Can I just say that as an australian reading this thread is pretty amusing
They are:
Instead of counter-campaigning on the issues, using facts and arguments, or just not voting with you, they find some technicality (maybe you migrated as a child, or maybe you're gay or something) to deny you political rights that everyone else who's lived their life there has.
It helped our ancestors to be wary of the Barbary coast, it should help us too.
That works out at around "a few kilometres" for anyone outside the US
For example, Vilnius, Krakow, Riga, and Tallinn are beautiful and very fun, then there's further south around the Balkans that are very interesting places.
As our summers are opposite and we both have big bush/wild fire seasons we help each other out with personnel and share water bombing aircraft
I hate to admit it but *at the moment* a Renzi-Dictatorship is probably Italy's best option, since he won't be answering to Hillary...
Eastern Europe, Central Asia, Greenland, Ethiopia, Pacific Islands.
could take an eye out
And nobody can say your capital city's name properly without summoning a demon
South Korea,Japan,Singapore,Australia and the Phillipines all full fill there alliance commitment.
Some go backpacking in Australia or purely for leisure to countries in Asia (Thailand for example).
I'd say Canada but it's a bit close to the US for my tastes.
India, China, Australia could be a good future.
Bears scare the hell out of me and where I've been in Northern California centipedes are GIGANTIC.
We have multiple words for 'funny'
This is how English was written 500 years ago
Killing someone in Germany is as bad as killing someone in ...Australia.
Where's Australia
I've picked it up in the second seat from the window (centre seat) on my note 4 and Samsung A5.
Meanwhile, Alice Springs is confused about what the fuck is happening with the rest of the country
Complete opposite here
I'm guessing you and your mother have the same surname, and given the age difference are obviously mother and son.
Australia: Very friendly, clean and well organized.
Joe Blake: Snake
Hang on, no it won't. It will still annoy everyone because people will still blame the EU even when we are out
What you're proposing would have far reaching consequences for decades to come
Vegetable oil or butter is actually better
Nick 'madcunt' Tezler's a true blue dinky-di Aussie, mates!
Know Some of the Best Secret Trails Of Australia With Aussie Trip Advisor
Progress seems to inevitably advance because we've been getting better at resource gathering and distribution for the last 200 000 years, but that can indeed change, as it has changed in many societies that technologically receded (like Australian aborigines) or went extinct (Eastern Island civilization).
Taco Bell does it with Mexico, Olive Garden with Italy, Outback Steakhouse with Australia, etc.
It’s like they can’t read T’s
Is that just when speaking Irish, or do you say that stuff when speaking English as well
Great food, great wine, amazing scenery.
I should mention that I grew up in Canada and moved here as an adult
Lived in the back of the car the whole time and must have had the most wild experience
And so on
But still coked up and picking a fight while his girlfriend screams
It's not as bad now but not great.
The bassinet rows are where the airline would by default put a passenger flying with a baby.
oh hell, I hope there was no damage
Individual nations have them but jointly it isn't a thing.
why can't EU do what Australia is doing with their immigrants?
I love conversions like these
Me personally I'd fit in well in England because it was so similar to Australia, except for the fact that the weather was unbearably miserable.
Always better in the retelling
You may find that Finnish is quite different in 50 or 100 years
Putin's palace has one
I'm guessing that for younger generations in any country the answer will be English
By the time association football rules were introduced in the UK the various colonies had already established their own forms of the sport and thus there was no interest in it.
But once you start studying the dictionary and seeing things that make 0 sense and then you hear different dialects
"We are the only reason the allies won world war one and two" and etc
But then again it is an echo of the model on which australia was founded so I can why culturally they think it alright to treat refugees as transported convicts.
Eh I lived in Italy for a year,  I actually reckon that Northern Italians have have different accent
It's a matter of geography rather than culture.
If you can see them, they are very poor ninjas.
In Belgium it was legal before 1993 as long as you asked for a "curettage" (tissue scraping) instead of an abortion.
We rarely write 'okay' either, but I think that's the 'proper' way to write it
three
Though the lounge cars on trains west of Chicago are a similar concept.
Well, who says the real one isn't been prepared
A bribe of quality beef and VB will be sufficient.
Though polls are different in Australia due to compulsory voting and he resultanted 95% voter turn out.
So do we mate
I'm not familiar with the NHS (which probably deserves congratulations), but if they are paid more in Australia (I've read somewhere that they have one of the best economies in the world) that could explain it.
Born and lived in Melbourne all my life, and hence speak Australian English (although I am asked if I'm English occasionally), but Australian English isn't an option, just as Kiwi or Canadian English aren't options either, and I much prefer British to American.
In Australia seasons are just another arbitrary separation of the year, not some climatic change or event.
In Iraq for example, ISF and Peshmerga prefer French air support to British and US because they are much more aggressive and supposedly more reliable.
However, my round trip ticket was issued for travel from Tuesday to Sunday.
Yes, definitely get the visa situation sorted out first.
CSU is the Bavarian wing, a bit more conservative but dominates Bavarian politics.
> Colonial Australia is intriguing to me
I thought Belgium was smaller than that
Sorry to get real in this sarcasm thread but it’s the fact is not enough people around the entire world gives a shit
I wouldn't say it depends much on the social class.
They are disagreeing with the excessive use of downvote as a disagree button.
I know many in Europe don't consider Poland to be 'eastern', but I do and always have
More like a bukkaczek
Basically, not all trips are actually "free" on your Eurail pass - for example, my friend was trying to make it up to me in Lyon from Nice, and for him to just buy the ticket it would have costed him 50 euros, but with a Eurail pass it would've cost him 20 euros still.
I love the bike rack in the front!
There is an entire right wing think tank called [quadrant] down here that is dedicated to this kind of nonsense amongst other crap.
My mother grew up with a map of the British Empire in every classroom, and almost half the world seemed to be painted pink.
As we were getting out of the lift my boyfriend turned to me and loudly explained what they were saying about me
Some people have skirted around the issue, but the elephant in the room- millions of Europeans would want to move to Australia.
As another commenter has mentioned, a WHV is probably a good bet, especially to start.
While I believe most, not all people see ANZAC day as a day to get pissed and say "we bloodi' beat them Turk bastards" i believe those who truly know ours and the European history know better.
read what EU politicians say about the refugee / migrant crisis
What bound the "anglosphere" were the WASP: White Anglo Saxon Protestants.
That's also a reason why I'd consider the occasional talking points that pop up like; 'Ireland was never a unified country until it was under British control,' to be a bad faith argument
But the original recipe is doing an interesting come back!
Aussie's do not need visas to come to the states.
The incentives to come have to be destroyed.
British cuisine is also built around the traditional dominance in trade so features spices from around the world, ones that don't even grow there
Their immigration model is a bit too rough in my opinion but gives a good perspective that sea borders can be secured if there is enough will!
But comparing the HRE to any of the actual empires (British, French, German, Russian etc..) is like apples to oranges.
I spent a month there in 2013 and it was unreal.
People of Britain and France how does the older generation see the former British and French empires compared to how the younger generation sees it
Australia -New Zealand - Solomon Island
My local kebab shop has that and it's wonderful
Build camps on some of the Aegean islands and put every refugee that lands in Europe there for the duration until they either voluntarily returns to their original country or a deal is made with said country.
For example 'Eating cheese is universal in France', which would mean that practically everyone does it in France across all ages, regions, cultures etc
ISDS is just a bit of extra security for the investor so they *don't* get screwed over when governments unfairly make laws, because it's actually a surprisingly common occurrence.
So don't know how much that'll cost for you but I went to one in Aus and he was great.
*  Males:  18+ 56
LAX to big european cities are definitely not taking full advatange of your airfare, but why fly somewhere you dont want to go as badly as another destination just because airfare is more expensive?
Lets not turn this into the next Eurosong.
I ain't Scottish nor a pom, I just said English cos of the flair
Correct but what I'm trying to tell you is that although Austria is responsible for mustache man, the world leaders did not recognise it as such
McDonalds is the most popular here but we call it Macca's instead, but if your talking about exclusive restaurants then I would say Oporto, which I believe exists only in Australia and Singapore
Can confirm, but I think we're foreigners for much more sinister and colonial reasons
Trump-the-Clown however is making one diplomatic scandal after another, even with long time allies like Australia.
In Belgium the VB is most popular with the eldest and the youngest voter blocks, least with the middle blocks.
Keep in mind we have countries like Canada, the US, NZ and Australia who have extremely similar cultures and the same languages to us.
I think what you're doing is great and I wish you all the best in your travels.
Yup, it was a common thing 100 years ago
This morning was alright, though.
It wasn’t the Army that tried to overthrow the government, but rather a faction (small group) within the army
This subreddit smh
Yes, I already write a personal blog, and my husband and I write a hiking blog together (though, admittedly rather sporadically).
3mbps in a house I've lived in
I visited every country in the area and no as a tourist they are not dangerous at all (or any more than precious Australia).
Rip looking for it in Australia and I find good quality 80g for $45
200,99 looks really weird to me
yup :( hope the consulate will be better
On another it favours more heavily Irish tactics and positions and game flow, but is tempered with Australian physicality
PragerU is correct
It now makes sense why you are so informed and have given a deep thinking to the topic.
23 and a light breeze is perfect weather
We did a 2 part series of our adventure.
Under no circumstances should you double change your money (ie AUD to GBP to EUR).
So all the old farts voted for them
It's not the kind of place people think of as a great place (Like they do with Australia or New Zealand), put it that way.
All that kinda thing does is increase car dependence
This imaginary stand off over tariffs won't happen.
Independent in every single way except for when you elect a slightly left-leaning prime minister, in which case the governer-general and the Queen of England coup them
Option 2 would be better from Venice.
RIP in peace
Wow, a democratic result happening
And yet we still manage to survive
I did my exchange last year, had the same two choices as you, and chose Erasmus
I’ve been in those situations myself
Makes sense, but it strikes me as odd as well.
France has more timezones because French Guiana, Polynesia etc.
Sudden drops lead to hail and heavy rains
Europeans on Extended Holiday and became Australians
I read a very interesting article about it in Bulgarian, too bad it's OC and is not translated in English,
Hopefully people read our shit get some ideas.
And I stated what my school said
Surely I can't be wrong on Reddit
"Right now Russia is the country primarily responsible for the ongoing killing in Syria that is driving so many people out of their homes and causing unimaginable human suffering."
and wow you weren’t kidding
Nobody knows because the boat operations where the Australian navy pulls boats back to the edge of Indonesian territorial waters are military operations which are classified.
It represents the most powerful military,economic,and political force on the planet.
Some of the foreign countries have been really unhappy about the situation and some are backing of the deals and forcing Australia to take care of them somewhere else.
Possibly worth noting that the standard voltage in the US is 110/120 volts, as opposed to 220 everywhere else
Languages that developed on islands usually suffered the 'island effect', but who knows (just look at how different Icelandic is vs the other Scandinavian languages)
Interesting hearing about it in real time, being from Australia major events usually happen overnight here so most don't hear about it until morning unless you're a night owl
They’re called quiet carriages
Drinking a lot is just standard here
I'm indifferent to it because smoking is disgusting
I lived for many years in the south of Denmark
Literally
I wouldn't put that much faith in the Su-35; it's missiles are quite a bit behind the likes of Meteor and the AIM-120D, it's radar is good for a PESA, but it's still a PESA (whereas the Rafale and Super Hornet have AESAs and the Typhoon is getting one soon).
We have the monstrosity known as Mamungkukumpurangkuntjunya Hill
Same for australia
This is dumb
Why can't we have a based president like Jóhannesson
Often there are a bit of deals to Auckland.
Which countries are the most important trade partners for Australia?
Also loads of Aussies/brits/Canadians/NZ immigrate between these countries for lifestyle rather than economic reasons so it makes sense to have open borders.
Oh fuck we made it on the list
I would argue that whilst European countries, except for perhaps Spain, France and Portugal, find friends in their own continent and put more time into it than the British.
*laughs in Australian*
Fair enough
I worked in a cafe with shit air-con (in summer it was hotter inside even on days that were over 40), our uniform had a beret
Are you going to tell Americans that they are not Americans because they don't look like the natives?
They're alot harder to play than they look
Can't believe it's been 6 years, I still remember waking up and reading the news that day
I dont know why computer alphbets have a.
I don't understand why you choose undemocratic Saudi Arabia instead of prosperous western backed democracies like South Korea, Japan, the European States, Canada, New Zealand, Australia, Singapore and many others
I really like the Polish names Agnieszka, and Katarzyna, and the Irish name Aoife
Hate to tell you but the British Empire participated or facilitated in plenty of those down here, mass poisonings were common and the entire Indigenous population of Tasmania was hunted into extinction.
Negative points are dont think everything is easy, you have to try get a job.
"Dad, that rat tasted funny"
I liked Getafix best
what about ISIS-trained nationals returning home?
But I will be able to answer some questions that you might have
His very first contact with Europeans was the detonation of an atomic bomb in Maralinga
I received confirmation of my e-visa the next day.
rock
"Blue passports son, we got blue passports"
“This man can go around calling Putin swine all day long
Stolen Generation
That's hilarious
They still cause trouble even from abroad.
Are you even French
English also has "seven in one blow" which is flies (from the story of that title)
I think we have the most stores per capita in the world
There's not much in Europe like Wieliczka
That didn't stop Australia from participating in the EUROvision :P
Australia is worth going, but don't spend all your time on the east coast.
Wow, summer is hitting you guys early
i think monaco would be good
She is under investigation for mis spending funds.
"I'm from the corporate office, I am here for 2 days and then I'll see you again next year"
- There is no evidence to support Aboriginal nations conflicting with each other
And Brazil, Germany, Australia, etc.
Looks like the Australians take Rust very seriously!
Also, it’s certainly by no means one of Europe’s most progressive countries
I associate Mongolian with breaking city walls
Probs like Glaswegian or some shit
I was impressed and surprised that it was Irish when I was trying to find a model number to silence the bloody beeping
we shoot no one, we just lock them up on an island camp in violation of international law and let them kill themselves
Many years ago it was normal to eat canned rabbit, but nowadays we prefer crocodile, emu and kangaroo meats
So instead of filling a museum with stolen artefacts, you instead fill it with artefacts you purchase legitimately or have loaned/borrowed from their original owner with their permission
(TLMANZ) You welcome to join Denmark.
It's already starting to happen in the Anglosphere
He is the joke
Vodka, I stopped drinking by 20.
Man that would be sick, Weimar Germany was in such a state of flux, seems like a very interesting backdrop
Not even a Highway
- the government chases you up).
People tend to defend themselves.
I'm so reluctant to learn a language with a different alphabet that I rule out any country that's not the US, Australia, New Zealand or one of the countries in Western Europe
The Dutch speaking areas have the highest population density in Europe, yet only 1 city of one million people.
XKCD pushed it to every western country and Facebook updates spread it to everyone who doesn't read XKCD.
Damm, those cowbells in the photo are huge.
Haha
That awkward moment when you realise you already called on Australia, Canada and New Zealand but "forgot" to call South Africa...
True, a lot of people want it changed
He said it was the most amazing thing he has ever done and it was so surreal and it was probably the best ever trip he's done in his life.
I'm familiar with chavs in the UK, and yobs in Australia, tell me about your countries' variety of bumpkin.
my favourite is seeing commercial where a family sits down to a nice traditional Christmas dinner, with a baked ham and winter comfort foods
Yeah, the Australian model - extraterritorial facilities at least - is the way to go.
As someone who lives rather far from Europe in general, I really like being able to learn things about all your different countries and how similar some things are to where I live.
I see it getting down to 50 at night in NZ and 30 in other places.
Happy for it to be amended but I think it will be needed if the EU conties to grow.
Bracelets, scarves, random sunglasses, that kind of thing.
Wild Colonial Boy is a traditional song shared in both the Australian and Irish folk traditions (although the versions differ slightly) and which is supposed to be originally based on Jack Donahue, a bushranger of the 1820s.
He was so experienced that we named a public swimming pool after him after he dissapeared
He calls hitler a german around 4 minutes.
How is Australia not a socialist country ?
I gotta say, I've been playing Forza Horizon 3 alot lately and as you may know it is set in Australia so in theory everyone would drive on the left side of the road, which for me would also be quite difficult to get used to.
I thought Lagos was the only place where I could really sit on a beach and enjoy myself, but it's also a party town that caters to Australian and American tourists.
They'll still choose the US or Australia just based on Hollywood and geography.
Which is itself just 1200km from anything you might call an actual city.
Failing that, start a successful business and move it's operations to Ireland.
I lived in Germany though (and travelled the Nordic pretty extensively) and I swear 10 degrees up there feels warmer than 10 degrees in Melbourne
!RedditKLÄPS
Won in which competition
In your example, ignoring brexit is the tyranny of stoning homosexuals.
Some areas in the South West (definitely Dorset, not sure about others), cars are masculine
Check
Australia was built on unskilled labor.
Eh, who cares)), New Zealand, UK.
I think Kosovo is part of Serbia but war is shit.
Norway and Australia did for a fact lower their donations (if memory is not lying to me Australia completely stopped).
I was always taught it's better form to use the same regional spelling and grammar self-contained within a piece of writing
You poor thing if all you believe fake news is literal fake news.
Still way too clean tbh
You've had one Austrian overlord, and that didn't turn out well
Except that culture, "race" and national identity have no correlation with each other.
Australian here, and I second this.
Some of the larger places have hygienists, but all my dentists have done my cleanings
I've found catching buses through Europe to be super cheap (went from Nantes to Paris for ~20 euro for example), with the freedom to choose when I want to go and how long I want to stay (I tend to travel for 6 months+ when I do)
I knew I shouldn't trust Google translate
Also the fact it's hard to feel European when the rest of the world, even a lot of Europeans, views you as "seperate" from Europe by some degree.
It's not even the best city in South Australia.
Excellent comment and today I learnt the native name for Brittany and what its flag looks like.
Best dish I ever had in Italy was a Ligurian rabbit stew,  fuck it was amazing
Tall poppy syndrome, you are not supposed to be different or stand out.
Responding with just yes or no is very rude, you have to say something like "yes, I am", "no, it's not".
Germans are often asking questions like this, or
Spunk is more commonly semen in Australia too.
Same at my last house, NBN there for a couple years
Western Australia had an independence movement a long time ago but it's mostly dead now
Australia also is nowhere close to 100% white.
Austria is the least known part of Australia
Because they're warm / fun / safe / english-speaking / like-home-feeling / with people I can make legit connections with.
Rupert Murdoch alone used his media empire to influence politics in Australia, the UK, and the US
I've around the UK a bit, and for some reason Leeds stood out as a dump more than others
Petersburg, Helsinki, Stockholm), plus we'll be visiting Berlin and London afterwards.
Yea, this will be very effective in fining those new terror clowns.
But i dont think its the best dentists in the world
Will I be able to drive on my provisional Aussie licence as an 18yo?
It's about the same rate in Australia for a specialist
This question was posted on r/AskReddit but I wanted to ask this to Europe, anyway, if there's an American/Australian/Canadian feel free to answer if you want.
Yes, there are similarities between the English-speaking countries
But global warming will become a distinctly non-European problem.
I’m still wearing wool socks
I live close to Sydney and we had -4c nights and 14c days a few times
Good luck over there
It has the reputation of being the most boring city in the country.
One is obviously more likely but they have both been brought up by an equal number of world leaders(0).
I'd wait a few days and check again with the airline but at this point assume you don't have tickets.
Pretty embarrassing to hear our uninspiring little thing when the wallabies are playing — but it could be worse, we could be Irish
Western Europe tore nearly the entire world apart; then fucked off back home across the sea and told themselves and their kids that everything's just fine now because it was in the past; so you could all just continue on living like kings and queens over there and shrug at the legacy of continued suffering that you'd brought onto the world.
Close to nature and the big lake, the castle where Copernicus worked etc
Today, there are white Africans.
*Les Misérables* is a story of some slightly sad and annoyed French people
It's that but at a larger scale
All locals go into hiding on St Paddy's.
I don't think it is weird or negative really, very convenient for monolingual English speakers
I am an Australian who plans to travel to New York in early June for two weeks.
You are sent to prison with your alcoholic girlfriend at home with your son
How has anyone not heard of Monaco
4 hours in the car might be nothing to us, but it won't get you as far as it does in the US/Australia.
iz not tank, iz demolition vehicle
Perth aus is a really wonderful city
It is interesting to note here that the Europeans always consider themselves vastly superior to any other race they encounter, since they can lie,
Do you want to camp or stay in an all inclusive resort?
Commonwealth countries seem quite eager to make trade deals.
Yes I do believe it's a requirement for joining the EU.
I've always considered the West to be only Western Europe, North America and Australia.
We used to wet them and wear them, it kept us heaps cooler
Rookie numbers
But in the Eurozone, what did it cost you?
Lest we forget
I've just never bothered to look up what the lyrics mean, it was just really catchy when I was 12
i feel i can answer this and that answer is 2017
There are less than 20 people in the town who speak the original language of their nation
How many Australian/New Zealanders watch Chinese films and tv shows?
We have way too many here
No, we're trying to stop this evil from spreading.
And using 5kbit internet no less.
That'll be the day
But I think that's because the company itself is called "Yellow Pages". Or maybe they called themselves that because they decided to use yellow pages
>Skadefryd is another one
Developed in Melbourne
Catalan is at least very similar to Spanish
Can confirm, but I think we're foreigners for much more sinister and colonial reasons
- Instead if using our taxpayer money to fund firefighting, granted it sporting centres for 0 fucking reason
I’m going to look at the advice some of the people in this thread have provided about summer-lamps and what not
I'll just say the one no one else has
Cassius, Darius, Claudius etc
“I’m your host, Philip Jacobs and lemme tell ya
TIL Malta is not an EU country /s
In the end we got one in London.
Hi, I'm going to Nepal for 10 days with my bf, and I understand that we are to drink bottled water only.
Not personally but I hear the Japanese get real angry when people mention all the horrible stuff they did during the Meiji-era
Italy already tried to apply an "Australian solution" back in the early 2000's, as the article says too, with Maroni, even trying to deal with N African countries some policies to contain the emigration, and has been criticized internationally for this.
Whilst it is true 56% of us support offshore processing about 40% of Australians support resettlement in the country so not that small.
Apparently this guy is real popular in Poland
Another way I would look at it , is that it would be very hard for a French speaker to understand Classical Latin, even though they’re both romance
That doesn't really distinguish them
In Australia they aren't in fridges in supermarkets, but we keep them in the fridge after purchase
I don't mind being corrected of course.
I use it with the line but I’d say an overwhelming majority of Australians do not
If you stay at school you can leave at 17 and dont have to do a final exam (there's trial exams but school drop outs don't usually do them since they are trials for the final exam the next year) if you leave at this time you don't get your high school certificate
I don't think promoting competitiveness is necessarily a bad thing
After Australia's appearance at Eurovision and Mexico being granted honorary EU membership by this sub I see no reason why we shouldn't find some love for the great nation of Morocco.
It is the same geographical island, so things that tourists come to see are often much the same, like the mountains, lakes, valleys etc.
Glad times have gotten better
So school for the vast majority of students planning to go to uni is 13 years unless you skip a year or are held back (which can't be forced, usually the school/teacher talks to the parents and tells them it would be beneficial if their child repeats the year so they don't fall behind)
That's just the way history has been.
Like i said, i wasn't sure if we were overreacting but wanted to make sure.
- Cubs: The teams of kids within Cubs are called packs, named after a different colour of wolf fur (Grey, brown, black red etc), the cub leaders use the names of characters from the jungle book rather than their real names
That post says nothing other than that you are anti-vegan.
A bunch of Americanisms also gives me the shits sometimes too
The huge amount of Americans on Reddit does cause an annoying double standard, though.
If you add it back they are almost on par with Scandinavia with less than half the social safety net and working 50% more hours
I want to visit Kakadu National Park, Australia.
South Africa is primarily a Dutch colony.
That’s not being “honest” or “blunt”, that’s just rude
We've discovered their primary weakness
I had read somewhere it was upward of 70%.
Australian travelling to Europe.
Despite our arguments, the kiwis have and always will be sheep shaggers
Yeah, sure
The person I replied to was saying that the conditions weren't perfect but preferable.
And draft is such a huge problem - most windows are single glazed and doors often have a 5mm gap.
Australian, reached Nuisberg because it doesn’t sound familiar
I can't believe they actually waved the flag of the country they came from as well
Aserejé ja de jé de jebe tu de jebere seibiunouva
It is not as if people from the UK can just move there no questions asked.
And Hitler built the Autobahns
Tsarism to the Soviets to Putin.
What happened to the West German former capital city of Bonn after the unification
About half of the students would stay till they finish the final year for the highschool certificate as many jobs that don't need a degree would at least require HS certificate but many leave at 17, usually the type of people who struggle with classroom based education (most people don't leave at 16 as they have basically have to commit to a career (and usually stick with that specific trade too) 2 years before their classmates do when they choose a degree)
I don't know, the only amount of leverage they have come from the amount of refugees they let pass.
because that's an odd name for it
I've heard that's true
His very first contact with Europeans was the detonation of an atomic bomb in Maralinga
Dutch was about 50%, enough to get the gist, Swedish, Norwegian and Danish I got a couple words, recognised a bunch of words I can see being derivative of central Germanic
Not in Europe but just for some more data, here in Australia you legally have to be at school until 16 and can only leave on the condition that you get an apprenticeship or some other kind of continued study that goes for a minimum of one year and they supposedly check up on you and fine you if you aren't doing one of those
At least Hanson can be negotiated with every now and again.
It's not about actualities, it's about public perception.
Even with opec cuts which takes massive collusion oil is returning to historic average, and north American and Australian shale will then drive it down.
I'm just on a regular uni exchange (not Erasmus as I'm from Oz), currently in my second semester at JM Lyon 3 :)
Mostly the stolen generations but there was a whole lot more fucked up shit
Question about confusing seating layout on Etihad A380.
True for just about any western European country unfortunately.
Then a bit more distantly the Netherlands and maybe Germany, if we're talking about Europe.
Because of this, I am now going to miss my connecting flight to Australia.
That’s what the all say to cover up the true happenings on this earth
I feel more different from the UK than I do Australians.
I thought he had no arms but his child was steering the bike and he was just peddling
I'm Australian according to Australia, Iranian according to Iran.
No visa needed for the latter 4 (haven't been to Cambodia but I'm pretty sure it's on arrival there for us Aussies), you'll need to prearrange a visa for Vietnam.
That's really interesting, thank you for sharing
Heaven knows where she got it from.
My family used the Australian version of www.usforex.com in the past to transfer large amounts of money.
Answer yes, unless it then demands the passport number (which I assume you don't know).
But it is likely you will find Lithuanians congregating in whatever place they need to or filling in whatever paper work they need to for moving to a country like the USA, UK, Canada, Australia or Germany so maybe the Lithuanian president shouldn't come across as so arrogant it's not like he is the president of Estonia.
The human being is naturally attracted to what is rare.
I had to show them a confirmation email for my flight home on a different airline.
What happened to the West German former capital city of Bonn after the unification
But there has to be a unanimous agreement by all three parties for anything to happen.
username checks out
It wasn’t too bad, just weird wording
I'm sorry but whose fault is that.
Berber languages aren't actually Semitic but Semitic and Berber families are both in the Afro-Asiatic family.
Putin's palace has one
He almost wiped out the population of the island of Banda and made the survivors slaves because they defied a crazy treaty.
Wings aren't the same as chicken pieces though
Perth is far from everything else in Australia.
Yep and people still wont listen until some bad election happens.
Then there's Australia, where we have one state that is a failure and the rest of us freak the fuck out at 4 active cases
The pro-abortion groups aren't getting their money from Irish donors, it's being pushed from offshore.
7ft tall blonde dude
The cities are far bigger than in Europe, despite their relatively low population
Finland has a more free press than Germany, Germany has more freedom of press than Russia, and Russia has more freedom of press than Iran.
I would be on the street if it werent for government help.
Self-evident
I consider all of Europe, plus US, Canada, Australia and New Zealand "The West".
I don't know how far you scrolled through my comments but if you look at anything that isn't from this specific thread, it would take you a while to find this seemingly unless stream of anti-america posts that you say I have
[Also Australia has a net migration rate far larger than most European countries, same for Switzerland.
Is Schulz even more pro-migration than Merkel or am I understanding that wrong?
As a 27y old guy living in a Covid free country is there anything I should be ticking off my list before I hit 30
>(exceptions I know about are Russia, Poland, USA),
His mum's Basque stew is 50% cheese
You live in a crumbling, trashed home with your alcoholic mother and your father is in jail
Don't worry, Hongkongers usually mistake us for Australians...
On personal level, Trump-the-Clown, his administration and his allies can kiss my ass.
But I'm pretty sure that's because they have Iranian passports (edit: unlike me) and have visited Iran since living in Australia (also unlike me).
In Australia, lived at multiple adresses in 5 states
Damn Spain sinks quite a few tinnies
But when you look at countries around the world that accept "Genuine Refugees" the top 5 are all western advanced countries, the USA, Canada, Australia, Norway and the UK.
Britain for fish and chips
a few years ago I paid $70 for 5gb
Because of Paris there is a bit more police and stuff around in public places but besides that nothing changed.
You're straight up making stuff up.
Guess it's not just the Russians.
I see, fair enough
Majavi an de bugui an de buididipi
In New Jersey we have created the widely recognized metric of how many fucks we chose to give in a certain moment
The story I was told is that Peking is just the forbidden city where the emperor lived and Beijing is the rest of the city around it,  and since China no longer has an emperor all of Beijing became the capital
Let's say we put the EU capitals, a few American (inc Canada)cities, Australia's big few and like Singapore and Tokyo together.
But still, it took 307 years to get the first vote, and it failed, would it be wise 6 years later to have another one so soon
This Australian biker thinks he stole more from Pakistan than it did from him
Idk, there is no history
New Zealand was a colony in 1893.
Trump has many business interests in Russia and he still hasn't divested from those businesses.
New Zealand, Australia, Canada?
But if you think our governement, or every governement ever, in Europe, should re-enact, any form, of state driven propaganda, because this is what it sounds you are saying in your previous post, well, you are simply anachronistic
Your know that multiple things can be true at the same time right
Just make it clear that there will be a pushback to these camps if you attempt to cross over to Europe.
Wife is scottish
No other language Wikipedia has this issue, but none are as large as the English one
Um I’m not aware of any thermal clothing designed to keep you cool but that’s a good idea for when it gets above 30 with no breeze
It's really just all about the Gallipoli campaign
That song was legit awful
What have they ever done to you
"“Upon this a question arises: whether it be better to be loved than feared or feared than loved
This is no different from having your front door in an alley where they can't drive up to your front door either
In a cold snap
Isk man, Yugoslavia is swole
If you have been to Singapore (being that it much closer to Australia).
If you start rewarding people who risk their lives with residence in a developed country there's going to be a lot more people dying.
I'm not going to keep arguing with you, you should just know that when speaking English, that is not how people will interpret that word, so if you wish to use the language to communicate, there you go
Yeah, currently the difference is too vast for a freedom of movement style deal.
Jebiga - Serbian/Croatian meaning "fuck it", multiple ways to use it, like when you can't be fucked doing anything
Those apostles sure must've been committed to making a buck, if they died instead of renouncing it.
"WHEREAS the people of New South Wales, Victoria, South Australia, Queensland, and Tasmania, humbly relying on the blessing of Almighty God, have agreed to unite in one indissoluble Federal Commonwealth under the Crown of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and under the Constitution hereby established:"
If you honestly think someone at the gate called 20 people out and not one of them came, don't really know what to tell you.
I'm not an expert but if you just show up with your Australian passport and never mention Iran how would they know you're Iranian?
Last summer was the first time in years I've had aircon
Basically I read this as banks getting scared, lobbying to have it banned as the whole point of Bitcoin is so you dont have to deal with these fuckwits in the first place.
If its not in America did it ever happen?
I got confused with and with the second being where she is from.
I think most people probably have a couple of a words like this where the derivative is the first thing they heard of
Wait really
It’s amazing how quickly people shut up when you correct them about your nationality after over hearing them rant about you lol
Wow, summer is hitting you guys early
Just do a search for Bratislava in this subreddit and /r/solotravel and you'll see what I mean haha.
People complain about the smell in Venezia
In America or Australia they seem to take it really seriously, have a gas range and do seafood or smoked cuts of meat.
Solid walls, good natural insulation and soundproof.
- Cut the budget of the Rural Fire Service by $50000 AUD
) characters
Had no idea Christmas Eve was the main celebration in most of Europe
I just came back from Iceland two days ago so Here's what I would do differently.
So certainly not the most well informed on British/EU politics.
I remember something like that, must google.
Yeah so if you see toilet paper, you're lucky
The joke was on him though once we found out he was a furry
Well a vacuum cleaner has a small hepa filter, Australians are having similar thoughts rn
1: I think gold has always had value because it does not corrode, and thus has had all sorts of mystical claptrap associated with it
Ok so they can make a pretty sweet HQ but still can’t build decent bridges or homes outside the city
I think they make chocolate too
Other than the possibility of going to the reef perhaps.
As far as I can tell there’s no difference.
We might think you are a little bit dumb (not knowing the difference between Austria and Australia etc), but we don't really care about that.
In Europe about 15-30% is far right.
Yeah, from what I can tell from 1st to 2nd round polls Le Pen doesn't gain much from the other candidates, but has her solid 25-30% who will vote for her no matter what, while the other candidates 'inherit' each others voters between rounds.
From ["Letter of Columbus to the Nurse of Prince John"] page 378
By far the best way to do it rather than dealing with money changers.
Corruption has rendered both major parties to be damn near identical
I always lock as I live in a big city
We'd answer 'Yes, I am' or 'No, I'm not' to clarify
I actually went and met up some friends from Runescape in England about 5 years ago.
if you're doing concrete work get some of the ash as it would make good concrete (in theory)
I would have thought it'd be January 7 for you guys, being orthodox and all
Fairy bread
True, a lot of people want it changed
And, at the moment, anything to do with the EU would annoy everyone, no matter which way one voted, because it is simply going to dominate our lives until the day we're out
Bogans
India is a member of the Commonwealth of Nations, but it is NOT a Commonwealth realm.
I think it's easier for English-speaking (L2) Germans to understand than it would be for a monolingual English-speaker
Snakes, specifally Tiger Snakes but I actually haven't seen them but I know they're there because they killed 2 of my dogs
We had a year to finish it and in the end we had exactly nothing.
And even more, Australia has never been in such migrant pressure as Europe is in recent years.
Plenty of fish and chips in Australia too
I do immediately picture a keep though (the central strong fortified building inside fortified city).
Like Sparta
I'm not sure the Nullarbor can be considered to be in Melbourne's back yard...
There isn't much land available around Amsterdam, but there is a lot of water
Dude, he's just stating that hid priorities lies elsewhere, not that Australia is ugly.
In Germany the deal only names "Opel".
Even RFERL is saying Ukrainian restarted hostilities
I have plans to go to Italy with my girlfriend in the future, she often has her hair dyed a soft blue or pink hair
Yeah, I do think so
I can't believe that's what they say in Africa.
A harbour was built on the edge of Rotterdam in order to serve Delft, and the area's now Delfshaven
But nothing about dressing in women's clothing and hanging around in bars
I'm glad you have no real political power
Being equal to half that of a man, that's some pretty egalitarian stuff there too.
New Year’s Eve Chaos in Sydney, Australia 2016
Because joining the EEC was a betrayal and most Australians are ethnically British, as well as all the ones who were actually born in the UK.
If you're in Melbourne, I know a decent place
I also tap depending onto the situation into Al-Jazerra (Arabic leaning English language 24 hr news channel), CCTV (Chinese leaning English language 24 hr news channel), spiegel.de (major German language newspaper), Vice, Gizmodo, businessinsider.com, bloomberg.com, yahoo finance, straitstimes.com (Singapore leaning), theverge.com and once in a blue moon news24.com (South Africa leaning) and theage.com.au (obviously Australia leaning).
I am almost certain that they are waiting for me to return so they can detain me, as my father's name (and also those of his children) is on a list of formerly very active and well-known Baha'is who the government wants to capture and punish for 'crimes against the integrity of the Islamic republic' and other such ridiculous accusations.
I know it's far from the US, but the best place in the world to live this life is Australia.
We really need to bring in Norway as a UK replacement.
The UK begins discrimination of students in middle school.
On 22 May, Juliusz Łukasiewicz, the Polish ambassador to France, told the French Foreign Minister Georges Bonnet that if France moved against Germany in defense of Czechoslovakia: "We shall not move." Łukasiewicz also told Bonnet that Poland would oppose any attempt by Soviet forces to defend Czechoslovakia from Germany.
I like Filly for a nickname but there isn’t many good ones lol
I did a daytrip there from Bucurest
I feel like Russia must have some sort of 'Flying Teachers' or home schooling via radio and such, like they do in Australia.
Oh that's better
Not a weird government agency but the way it came about was weird
This might be something you miss since Australia/Canada/US all have minuscule amount of welfare based immigration in comparison to Nordics.
I would have thought you would be like the UK and Australia et.
Just don't mention Greece
The benefits of Schegen zone free movement really became apparent to me the first time when I spent 9 hours waiting at the Poland-Ukraine border, vs walking over the Poland-Lithuania border and seeing all the dismantled checkpoint infrastructure
After a few days we come across a little little village name [Pemberton.] According to Wikipedia it have a population of around 700.
Those feelings when you realise the minimum size apartment in Australia is 37 square metres....
It is very significant how they lease European/Australian ports for exactly 99 years...
Way up in the sky little darlin!
NBC: Intel Officials 'Don't Believe' Trump Dossier; Just 'Political Junk'
We need to make sure they are not welcome in the UK despite having the same queen.
Higher education people will oppose to you, lower education ones will simply don't understand.
Yea the 50 AUD I pay now for 12Gb sounded so cheap but others said it wasnt.
>yeah I have no idea why "pronto" became a way to say "quick" in English
I've heard they pay more taxes for healthcare for some than countries that have it for all
Right wing pundits speak of a "feral underclass" of people on welfare.
Australia has so many issues with masculinity
Apart from Lord Howe Island wanting to be part of New Zealand instead of Australia
Rich spoilt asshole!" they say, while wearing 300€ designer ripped jeans, drinking their 7€ smoothie and posting pictures from their last daddy-sponsored trip to Australia.
Very interesting how so many cultures have adopted this method of naming
Don't like sport, don't like the beach, don't drink and don't like Vegemite
I watched long time ago and immediately got addicted
China was invaded many times however normally it just assimilated the invaders.
Just go with whatever feels natural
Oh well
More than I thought they would
When did Germany attempt an Australian approach with the Balkans?
Not a mountain in site
That unfortunately just implies less progress on our side.
Its the best thing to see when inconsistent people assume everyone else is inconsistent aswell
No, you're not wrong
Following their success again in 2016, Australia will compete again in 2017.
We did the same with Australia and that country worked out fine for the most part.
Well I realized my drone was broken on the flight, so I actually carried it in through customs and immigration out of its case, so they were fully aware I had it.
You are lieing obviously as we all know that third worldshithole countries like Switzerland, Australia, Norway or Morocco are in fact not safe countries /s
In November 2015, the EBU announced that Australia was invited back as a participant in the 2016 contest after their success in 2015.
Wouldn't sound out of place here, although it's quite often pronounced 'shell'
I hate that Romanians drive really slowly (because they're afraid of Greek drivers), and stick to the left lane
Indeed, the only country with a red, white and blue flag
The irritating thing is that many people seem to sincerely believe it, when it's simply untrue and frankly disrespectful.
Seeing the outrage over Russian 'fake news' recently does seem awfully suspicious.
Russia's gone up in pretty much every far right circle in the world.
I don't know why, but that made me lol
Australia just poor americolony
Ok, I can imagine why a comprehensive tax reform might not be (politically) feasable.
We had a referendum on the monarchy in the late '90s (this was around the time the royal family had been the source of many scandals) and it failed by a not-insignificant margin.
Is it alright for me to say, BASH, THE, FASH!?
Australia, Congo, Americas, etc.
North Territory becomes a state, South Australia is demoted to a territory, Perth becomes a ghost town and Broome becomes a huge city
As an Australian, I for one expect that if I'm not in a country whose official language is English, then I expect to be able to talk to very few people
ditto
Also a bit of a nanny state and unhealthy drinking culture.
> extreme weather
The Greeks are probably the best diaspora in Australia, even with their concrete gardens
Hurricane is the word you are looking for to replace orcan
Dugin suggests that Russia start by taking Tibet-Xinjiang-Mongolia-Manchuria as a security belt.[2] Russia should offer China help "in a southern direction – Indochina (except Vietnam), the Philippines, Indonesia, Australia" as geopolitical compensatation.
He probably saw all the people who'd been killed in Aleppo and was driven to action.
Why do you think having a state religion tames things.
They'd have to make a reverse Hadrian's Wall
Of all the cars
I'm fully aware of the differences
