School until 19:00 O'Clock 4 times a week
“Those who have traveled to other European countries”
I like that
- Jagdkommando (military special forces) taking over the protection of special buildings (like embassys) from police, so police can focus on the search for other terrorists
Just started your first year of your bachelor
Wiener ("Viennese") sausages are only called so outside of Austria
I bet #NotMyPope
In fact, it is so commonly used that some words, like „Mädchen“ (girl) have become standard
I would too, and would most likely be called johann
cz because I wanted to be less dependent on google
"fair enough" can have that passive-aggressive undertone as well
Europe has been in the grip of nationalistic politics for most of its history, only some were Nazis.
I really don't want to dig in your post history actually...
Instead of Insel they (sometimes/often) use Inselen
public execution and the uk will be forced to join ireland?
And some Sachertorte
&#x200B;
I‘m doing surprisingly ok
You're a Boss, I'm an Employee - we're natural born enemies.
[Fucking in Austria]
Death is inevitable, and life is pointless, other than leaving as pretty a corpse as possible
Thank you Germany, for always taking the blame for my country
Doesn't change the fact that it's not in any way comparable with what they do to women
never buy those all inkl rail packages.
Not sure if last sentence is deliberately german or not
I don't see the need for a carrier in the arctic as it is in reach of land based aircraft.
Except for a few movie cliches I don’t remember any cringy moments
Very cute
Then again, that could be a local story
Officially, we speak [Austrian German] which is a *variety* of Standard German, similar to American and British English.
[The anthem of my home state Upper Austria is the only one which is written in dialect.]
Error: German has ö
next you will tell me you also like trump
Austria has six National Parks:
We don’t tear the place down, that’s what we do to remind people of the atrocities that happened there
Then the people who don't like him should come up with solutions before the situation gets to the point where the majority would like to see him in power.
the rest of the european countries, at least I got the impression, developed a relative high level of it over the last couple years, even though they constantly have to deal with neighboring countries, work migration, and so on
And our äöü keys are definitely not double occupied
if anything, we would have to call them UMTS or LTE now, and nobody does that
North Africans aren't accepted as refugees - with the exception of those who are civil rights activists and actually fear persecution in Marocco or Algeria.
We also use “musai” with the same meaning in Romanian
When I was a kid my dad always brought a case or two when he was in Murau
Switzerland is also part of that.
Their elevators and escalators are pretty common
The usually fly them all year round tho
Horse meat is pretty good though
Thermal rehabilitation and renuable heating sources is subsidized, low energy houses and passiv houses are quite popular for new buildings.
That said, the importance of good sex ed, where the facts are being set straight, can't be overstated
The thing is, they go months without using Spanish at all (they are some very rural, salt of the earth dudes who hardly ever visit the city and are happy spending all their time in the village, on the pasture, or in the woods, I guess in the US you'd call them hillbillies), whereas I use Spanish on a daily basis
You sound like a peach
> But you're right
I'm slovak and that's exactly how polish sounds to me
> I‘m quite sure that I use Plusquamperfekt almost every day
We also use “musai” with the same meaning in Romanian
Alright, I'm both an Italian and a German citizen but I live in the home country of my grandmother: Austria
It's more like Trump took some pages from the FPÖs playbook.
It’s my preference
And try to find a clear concise answer to that
It´s not like we are still bitter at those bloody Saupreißn (Prussians/Germans) because of losing the battle Königgrätz
Sounds good, Austria approves
At least in Austria we use both
Mountain man or woman (strangly it's regionally different If it's a men or women Jobs) who lives during Summer with the cattle of a Village on the alpine meadows and cares for them and makes cheese from their milk
SICA is heading the same way in particular because they get their own Schengen like setup.
The Holocaust is becoming one of those stories from the past that has no more living eyewitnesses
they actors are swedish
That's why she's sucking Putin's dick.
If you make the uk into different countries, can you at least use ghe right flag for england
usually it's hidden behind the knob for closing the drain
A very commonly understood foreignlanguage, yes, but not a local language at all
WW 1 & WW2( Hitler was austrian)
He was german
Latvia = Lettland (Latvian-Land)
another interesting one, sushi has only become a widespread dish in Japan since after the introduction of uninterrupted cooling logistics
Sure
Because you probably don't. The spelling just doesn't show that
As a german I think I would move to Austria.
In a lot of ways you can think of it more as a sort of proto EU.
Edit: British in Austria now; educated in England
What do you not understand about "I agree it should be illegal"?
When was the first time you visited Chechoslovakia
I think there's even a story about an Austrian and a Russian diplomat having a drinking competition and because the Austrian won, Austria soon got its freedom, but I don't know how much of it is true
> As of 2019, Austria has 10 sites inscribed on the list and a further 12 on the tentative list
I personnaly believe salaries must be transparent
The 215bn were not lost
For topics that are usually taught in university courses and schools, sometimes (often
The day long hiking trip in last elementary school year (from Gaberl to großer Speik and back)
As if any upper class Dutch person wouldn't at least a passable amount of English
Sonetimes the Netherlands because if the tourists
Now that region is part Austria, Hungary, Slovakia and Slovenia
I will have you know that Tampern/Schellenschlagen whatever else they call it is WAY weirder and also the worst lol
In fact it was the other way around - Gorica (meaning "a small mountain" in Slovenian) was for a millennium strongly connected to Slovene people, and only became part of Italy after world war 1 (at the same time as the whole region including Postojna, Idria, Tolmin, Kobarid, Bovec, Cerkno, whole Istria (now part of Croatia), ...).
[...] and the public broadcaster from Switzerland (SRF)
Dear Germans: Putting any kind of sauce on a crackling, crunchy Wiener Schnitzel is an abomination and should (and maybe even will) get you kicked out of a restaurant in Vienna
Like, I drank 3 (small) beers  while others only 1
I never saw anyone put books in them, for those we had a row of small cabinets in the back of the classroom, like those ikea shelfes but with doors
It's being handled through the courts anyway.
I buy as much food as I want to eat at a restaurant
No Markus
You mean the moderate parties that were on board with letting in 1% of our population in middle eastern immigrants in in a year and bashing everyone who had a problem with that?
I specifically said opposing power.
the eu finally needs to grow some balls and do one thing.
And especially since any extension of the talks requires unanimous approval of all member states I don't think that it fits the spirit of article 50 at all.
I hate it with a passion
Of course there are some swear words but I guess Poles also have these words for Germans for example.
Alas, in the Nazi-era, these people were harassed and speaking Slovenian was forbidden
[Trevor Noah, whose father is Swiss, has a fun skit about that]
I think if handy is used as a noun and not as an adjective in Britain it could mean Handjob, if I‘m correct
Never before has a campaign been operating with that kind of maliciousness, that Hofer and his supporters have shown
My ~~cabbages~~ asparagus
I don't think he's ever been to Donostia
As such, Henry II moved his residence to [Regensburg] capital of the Duchy of Bavaria
I'd prefer a week-end date since I'd be taking a train from Graz.
In written German, "ich", or occasionally "ick", especially further north, have been used for a long time, even though read aloud/spoken people would say "I", "Ig", "Ih" or whatever else
the word is an abomination because it's an anglicism with an umlaut.
Tell him that toilets in Germany are not separated by gender
Although it's more of a narrative than a running joke
This topic is the number one example of the greed of the wealthiest
Who would do that
A lewakassemmal ohne am ketchup is traurig
South America
Pretty sure that was the slogan of the eurovision song contest two years ago.
Nah, it's good bro
> Pagan traditions are engrained deep in Catholicism
Yes because this will kill a bank.
My boy Franz Joseph about to lose is bronze medal
Most media outlets just don't get the FPÖ and haven't for the last 30 years.
The Austrian "eh", it deosn't even exist in German German
The teachers switch between the class room
You never know
- It's Susan
I don't know what exactly they do with it to make it taste so good but I suspect lard is involved
I feel like people complain a lot about English loanwords
I still had to say it to the elementary school teacher, but nowadays it's only used ironycally (and/or degorative)
Its the influx of many Polish and historically many Polish Jews that seriously left their mark in local culture eg in Vienna
Also Makava
The city center itself is also very beautiful.
Love it how you use 4 words for meat patty in Germany and non of them are used in Austria
Vocals normally are a distraction to that, and I try my hardest to listen to them as just another instrument (which is made easier tremendously by the fact that most songs are in English, and as a non-native, I can choose to kind of blend out the meaning of words most of the time)
He said "vertrieben", which is more like beeing explused for ethnical reasons - which makes no sense considering, that the were Czech.
let’s put it that way, I struggle more with German rather than with English lol
The taste of tap water in Belgium
Fritz flies over the alps, first to Italy, then to an island where the people eat humans (which are portrayed by stereotypical black people) and then to Turkey to rescue all the already kidnapped children
It fits my natural sleep rhythm better, I can enjoy the sun in the afternoon (which makes me quite depressed during winter times) and I'm much less tired during the day
How the death of one person can change the entire course of history is amazing sometimes
Dutch – Wenen
hope I can visit soon
Aber ich mein ganz im Ernst, alle anderen hier bekommen es ja wohl hin, auf Englisch zu antworten
My bank representative is from the Balkans
In older times there was a different saying though
Basically pay up a doctor (that was of very dubious quality) or die
There was a pretty big push in the 1990s to highlight norwegian achievements
That sounds like Alkomat, the thing you blow inside when they suspect you've been drunk driving
Depending on the accountant, more life years might be lost to humanity as a whole than any soldier might manage to end prematurely.
Food’s still better than in the west, but it‘s not amazing as usual
I mean even the USA is mimicking the "democracy" and the idea of "mare nostrum".
There's also a lot of variation in those groups.
That is probably the most random thing we do
Might I ask which one it is ?
The federal government of the US in many ways is too for the US as a whole.
Öxit would be such a tremendously stupid thing to do for a small country like Austria.
The Oranjes always were a good competition team, Austria had its last good showing in 1954 and its last semi decent one in 1978
Oh yes, of course, sorry my bad.
Maybe that's why we are such a banana republic...
Some should have as well
Sumemr time
South to Malta and west to Portugal
Maybe the expression has something to do with that
Also no
Same thing
Does it taste like [Maggi] That's what we would typically have next to salt, pepper and tooth picks.
This however is irrelevant from the business perspective.
There was a research that these filters often worsen the quality since the filters are not set up properly or not maintained regularly
- It takes years of interpersonal relationship until I have the proper intimacy with another person to call them my friend
My 3 year old niece already can go around 10 meters on a regular bike because of that, it's very impressive
I have to watch Black Mirror, it sounds very interesting.
Well there may be some truth to that: [
so where do the cars go now
Südtirol keat no z'Öschterreich.
I had no idea there is no West Germany anymore
It doesn't sound like gibberish, but sometimes I can only think of the English version of a word or expression - in the middle of a german sentence
Don't forget r/aeiou
Still annoying though haha
Just searched through the comments
Also in Mongolia
Parents can keep their children at home and look after them, or they can send them to school to be watched there
Also countries that have sharia
We should stop all support for kurds and seek to be more friendly with Erdogan.
The state could have a monopoly or only allow special, licensed shops (like it's for cigarettes here)
A lot of productions that are comedic or at least have a comedic side are so precisely because of a lack of focus on the comedy
Well well, as an Austrian I can only say: The two of us are Pinky and Brain
Also, Edinburgh Castle was closed for a day because they deemed it unsafe because of the weather
To add to the Cordoba match, we had already lost any chance of progressing in the tournament before that "important game", having lost the other two group matches.
But their main purpose is not to provide people with food, but to serve snacks to make them drink more
This, of course, is fucking nuts and will never happen
Those laws were justified post WWII to enable denazification and they are still supported by the people in Austria.
In this dimension it is pretty unknown in the States
It would be worse if Norway wasn’t making it clear and lots of their students end up surviving COVID 19 in the USA just to come back with crippling debt
Burning down villages, executing thousands of civilians because they suspected them to be spying
We do have the "Parterre" or "Erdgeschoss" which is the ground floor
" It's literally the same in German: "Den Geist aufgeben
Basically speaking electronic dance music.
We have that since 1980 I believe
i wonder how is it with kids nowadays if they understand Czech since our countries are a bit distant now
Lei weil mia insa Kultur nit sterm ham lossn, wia es preissn braugschn nit moanen es seits eppas bessas.
Are there any official communication channels from the EU commission, that give details about what that deal will most likely include, or what has been negotiated so far
Not everybody, of course
For the same candidate as the last two times.
Now they became "illegal weapons" over night and suddenly you have to register every single one of them
But honestly, why get KFC when you could have styrian backhendlsalat instead
Perfectly shows that no, you can't just leave out the diacritics
Nein nein, ich finde nur die Ironie dahinter lustig
If you a in a house with multiple flats, it gets more complicated
Oh no
* Male smokers aged 10 - 14: 2
Pas de Calais= strait of Calais (= Dover Strait)
We have numerous Roman sites (Vindobona, Aguntum, Carnuntum even had a miniature Collosseum), Celtic sites, dating back a few thousand of years, also pretty much all over the country
Der Nutella of course
Well that‘s not right
There is a map of austria showing which parts of austria hate vienna, everything except vienna is white, which stands for hating vienna, and vienna is red, which also stands for hating vienna
Meh
That is true
Funnily as little child I always thought that means the Alm is a serene and untainted place
You either get dreadful rap or insufferable Schlager
The only way it could be about the EU is if people were worried that after their PM stepped down and an EU hostile government came into power.
I completely agree with your second point, though.
Edit: I know that's not an Autobahn, it was a joke, please don't downvote me
Edit: some moodsetting for the Mühlviertel
Er ist in Österreich geboren, aber beging seine Verbrechen gegen die Menschheit als deutscher Staatsbürger
Well then go back to /r/the_donald
From my experience the cleanest inhabited rooms are mixed ones, but other than that...?
for first world war, the South Tirol question flames sometimes up but it's mostly resolved since the 90's with the agreement made in the 70's, which was a pet peeve of Kreisky
In German it's Krawatte, while Croat is Kroate, but in Austrian dialect we say Krawod, which sounds again like Krawatte
The Prussian don't care to understand Austrians.
It certainly isn't for their incredible success
It's light-years away from being extreme right and unless you're one of those special ones that call anyone who isn't far left or disagrees a nazi, you'll see that.
which are rather frowned upon in "good writing" circles
Just seems to discriminate poor people, without any real gain
The actual development machines were airgapped
This is actually also impolite in Austria
Every fucking thread, all the fucking time it's exactly this shit
No he isnt
He was the best candidate for a extremely polarizing election
It was a joke but doesn't surprise me that you thought I'm serious
2010 I think
Switzerland has no direct connection to any oceans, so that likely is the reason why it is so limited.
Thanks for explaining
In Austria there are a lot of German and French decks
beautiful idea, beautiful outcome
That doesn't make it more Swiss.
He does have good points in his programme, like helping out the small people who feel like the current establishment is living on their backs for the last 20 years.
The word "doch". It can be used in a various of different contexts and is amplifying the speakers point
They come from countries in which the political climate opposes foreign military interventions.
And the lyrics can be basically summed up with "our country is beautiful and we are good at stuff".
The most important question is if a majority of Austrians really wanted the annexation or not
Fucking love Pink lady
So what is it then
now only if I would have an office that offered on-premise showers and proper bike parking
Also the quality of your food is amazing
Not so common
Nivala	FI
I say Telefon almost exclusively as well
I just love how it sounds, although it's a little bit weird
The ID costs the same as the passport and most people don't see the point in having both
There's many descendents from Galicians in Vienna
You are honorary Austrians anyway.
More of like A Vatican situation in Rome then
It was crossposted to r/mapporn I think, maybe that's where you saw it
Yeah, "Habedere" (more like "hawedere" in my dialect) is also common.
Man hat einfach im KZ erkannt, dass die Blutfeindschaft zwischen den Parteien zu einer unerträglichen Zuspitzung der Lage geführt hat
Some idiots disagreed even more and threatened him
You're not wrong, it's fucking 20°C here in Austria, and I hate it
That’s just politics
So, among your teenage friends in the city it might be ok (althoug I'm kinda sceptical for Japan on this one; they *really* don't eat on the go), for your grandma in some rural part of the country it might me highly disturbing
So that one is only partially on us I suppose
Flood Slovenia and let that Austrians handle it
I have some days of absolute joy because it's still light outside in the evening
I like "Atemlos". I think most people just hate it ironically, because it has been so overplayed
For us the Marshall Plan was enormous helpful.
I'm from Austria and a family friend told me about how he once was on vacation somewhere in the middle of Germany and he just wanted to buy a Sömmi (that's how we pronounce Semmel) for breakfast and had to discuss for 15 minutes with the store worker until he figured out that a Brötchen isn't a smaller version of Brot (bread) but, in fact, a Sömmi
Also the way the president gets elected
You learn about the animals, the geographic and geologic features, history and traditions, and weather and other influences of a specific region.
Nur einer mit automatisch sperrender Tür dabei
That’s complete bullshit
Dislike for religion or dislike for believers
I suspect that with *some* countries including Austria the concept of "citizenship" will be watered down in the following decades until all it means is the obligation to do military sevice (for males only ofc)
Pretty sure the old dude is Hungary, not Romania.
I know lots of Spanish people who think Barcelona has become too overcrowded recently, and prefer Madrid becasue of that
I just prefer using the standard when giving more generally meant examples like this
One way to divide Austria-Hungary
Squad
The last execution was 1950
Haha
...okay we did nothing
I am proud of Austrian MEP Evelyn Regner
We will soon be at ~2000 cases per day
nice destination for a bike trip; all the bars having outside seating make the old town a nicer place than Vienna, tbh
Apparently during this process they lost at least one Leopard 2A4 and several APCs and similar vehicles, maybe more.
I its cheap to produce there and so on.
"Let me kiss you, my gorgeous dear
The present's still pretty great, all things considering
I guess you could see their opinion as some sort of Liberation Theologie, like...
Belarus looks really stressed
Had kind of a renaissance due to the influence of Turkish notions of honour though
Blunzn is slightly more intense than wurscht (both IRL, the taste, as well as metaphorically the degree of not caring)
Wearing Dirndln or Lederhosen wasn't much of a thing in my part of the country until fairly recently
As for violence, no, there is no hooligan culture around other sports (AFAIK) like in football/soccer
*Vindobona* later changed as well, and eventually turned into *Viden/Widen/Vieden/Wieden*, which is still the Czech, Slovak, Polish and Ukrainian name for Vienna
* Male smokers above the age of 15: 18
"2050" is a code for "some point in the future which is far away enough so that I have to do diddly-squat during *my* term of office and after me the deluge
I also didn't say that it isn't a problem.
**Marillenknödel (Apricot dumplings)**
But a fascist party, bashing media, kicking out immigrants and making life hard for LGBT will help them?
So, Russian
Sure, someone somewhere uses it in Austria, but it's probably not within the top 10 mild insults a Wiener will use
the buildings around are normal sized
Used ketchup
Before Jimmy Page bought it, it was owned by Aleister Crowley
In Austria you may alternatively say "Blunzn" instead of "Wurscht" (both things are used though)
Wouldn´t the more German answer be: "Why the hell do you knock at this time of the day
the fact that catholics are more "fun" (and probably progressive) than protestants always amazes me about the netherlands
So you are telling us a few hundred tonnes of imported waste are causing the problems obove
Pretty terrible winter considering at this time last year we had over a meter and a half of snow on the ground
**Salzburg**: Bavarians
However, even now, they have every right imaginable for a minority
I believe you can find it on YouTube
It's what we call free speech
Austria has one of the oldest civil codes of the world (second only to France if I'm not mistaken)
I scheiß mi au
Have you heard about our lord and savior "greenhous gases"?
Yeah, but maybe thats the American influence
SNCF and Interrail reservations
Just being interested, why not Vienna?
Pigeons are annoying and dirty
A ge, Hoachdeitsch isch jo nit es "wahre deutsch".
Its at the same time Eastern Europe, Central Europe and Central Eastern Europe
What would you do when some stranger comes into your home by force?
I'd like to see them defend their position against other factors like height or attractiveness, because we know people treat others differently in regard to those attributes
Yeah, this
Sounds like a Swedish answer, haha
Our great tap water is the thing I am most looking forward to whenever coming home from a journey.
Thanks to Germany for being our bros
>oh and having to listen to my patriotic dad bitching about getting poland back
But it would be hard if a new colleague is not fluent in german, regardless of religion of sexual orientation.
It's finally time for you to split up
(10:40)
We do
I've been fined once in Vienna.
Beads would have made more sense.
I know this for at least two incredibly important institutions.
you can have some mountains if you give us back the sea we once had
Nice a favorite country of mine writes positive stuff about a favorite country of mine
And I always use it as an example as to why umlauts are important and you can‘t just replace them with u, o and a lmao
I'm rather questioning myself how much longer the UK strives to compete with the Trump administration in terms of who can manage to come up with the more laughable and embarrassing political disaster
It's absolutely understandable to prevent people who's lives are not part of that country from voting there.
I love it here, especially in Vienna, and I don't plan on returning to Germany anytime soon
It was right away taken by Napoleon two times btw
German dubs are usually quite good though
There seems to be some confusion in this thread about stocks and currency risk.
I approve
(Yes, I really want that bed
the reactions you get will be much better
You do realize "N" as a standalone letter is pronounced "eN"? So if you say it out loud it makes perfect sense
>	I work 40 hours per week, she works about 45
The 2008 football EC group stage match vs germany
Dover is in Kent
Also, people trying to get away from somebody by buying a car in cash, and just getting in and driving away
That is a very uncommon thing here imho
Grüne |0 | **3** | 0
He said muslim minority, not just minority.
Austria
Variation of difficulty was insane
Yes, for the sole reason of celebrating royal weddings & royal babies.
Amstetten truly is Austrias sex dungeon
I hope so
There is a joke in Austria about that, that nobody here will find funny, but anyway
Politisch umzankt ist es im Sinne von, wie man die Zeit bewertet
In Austria I would say it is the so called "Freunderlwirtschaft" which means something like "friendship economy". Most of the solid job opportunities you only get if you have a good network of contacts
I think it's funny
Oh I see
I think so, but I haven't seen it
Sopron/Ödenburg was planned to be the capital of that region, but opted to stay with Hungary
It just comes from "Osterrichi", initially just meaning "place in the east (of the Empire)" iirc
Gaining citizenship isn't the point, holding 2 citicenships is what is forbidden.
A guy that's dead for over a decade
Simple: more available content.
Just look at the different studies that are out there.
Buying 2300 Armatas wouldn't make much sense anyway.
Emphasis mine
President Van der Bellen is attending the centenary, he is just not in this picture
Upsala in Sweden if you want to do business related courses.
Thank you Germany for taking the blame on WW2 and letting us tell ppl that Beethoven is Austrian
It's just an ordinary house like every other house in town.
And something being technically legal doesn't make it okay anyway
As for the Balkans they aren't that much better off
The TU (Technical University) is one of the most prestigious ones here
The sad part is that the 30% of people you talk about likely think the exact same thing about another at least 30% of the population.
Yep, was an epiphany when I realised the sound was morse code for SMS :)
Unless women in these affected countries suddenly bear 3-4 children each their fate may be softened but not prevented
Austria had its own fascist government at the time
The welfare state and better public services.
This measurement went into effect a few days later
Of course when we learn writing in elementary school, everyone at first follows the teacher’s example
Vorder meiner, hinter meiner, links, rechts güts net
Also, my dialect is Bavarian, with Saxonian influences (and the occasional mispronounced slavic or hungarian term) If Austrian German doesn't count, neither should Bavarian
In the early morning I'm still tired sometimes and the lights on my bus is always far too bright
My guess is that the countries in the East do it because of tourism.
> they follow no logical pattern
[Here's an episode, if somebody is interested]
Obviously it depends on the context
yeah that's a *great* idea, make the new name fucking long like the last one so nobody will care to use it, *again*!
Here's a [list of national parks in Austria]#National_Parks).
From my own experience they are less popular with our audiences here than operas from other composers though, which may be partly due to their heavy pathos and lengthiness
Nein
You can even smoke in most restaurants (in a seperated room though, which more often than not is the nicer and bigger one).
Missed that one and prolly next year too
EDIT: Are you sure that there is not a general corporate income tax exemption for Greek ship owners or any other special "twist" just for them?
If you're on a German QWERTZ layout, I can highly recommend it
AEIOU
Neither is their SS Napoli scarf
For example: "Hast du das eh schon gemacht
DM, Zentagasse 11-13, 1050 Vienna
In Austria it's the State of Vorarlberg in the very West.
oh and in winter, wearing high visibility clothing is important, have had a few close calls already
Do is wea aus eisnstodt aktiv
No worries, we just take Beethoven instead ;)
> vastly different shades of barking
Here are some typical pictures people would take after mushroom picking:
Or better yet check in the internet on the offical websites of the Opera or the Musikverein etc
Coincidentally, a new TV-movie about Hotel Sacher will air on Austrian TV some time this week.
So not sure how anyone expect this to be more efficient than public infrastructure which can be subsidized without having to make a profit.
Black citizens are usually much better integrated than ones from the Balkans and Middle East, and have a fairly good reputation.
It's really not hard
The old ones are even worse: "something-office" sounds rather random, I whouldn't have guessed there is a government department behind it.
Viennese leave the impression of not being in touch with the rest of Austria and people complain about decisions being made "by Vienna", referring to the head of politics
Even though it absolutely is not
So yeah, there's been a lot going on here and there's written history if a lot of it, much of it due to the fact that we were center to the Habsburg Empire
> Already above standard for Austria
Weed gets a bit more difficult outside the large cities, but especially in Vienna it's everywhere if you know where to look.
Probably in the subway, too, because I've seen it in other countries (usually gypsies/Roma playing music and walking through with a a cup), but never in Austria.
Apparently it's "Pfaffenschlag bei Waidhofen an der Thaya". 35 letters
Yes, I just learned about those through a thread in r/coins .
:O TIL...nice bit of info, I so gonna be the star at the next party!
There is a lot less on it though
20 years ago maybe
"Leiterspiel" is the local snakes and Ladders, popular with kids
Just want for everyone to have a good time
> Tschechei
It's supposed to made out of leftover palatschinken (assuming there will ever be leftover palatschinken)
Same with "Wienerisch", "Steyrisch", "Kärntnerisch" or in Germany "Fränkisch", "Sächsisch",..
disgusting
Germany: your way of pragmatically running things right without much of a fuss is awesome
Probably the St Gotthart tunnel
"because it is the same with any Empire no empire contributed to their colonial subjects."
I think he means Serbia got to rule them and Croatia and
I looked it up, around 1600 Prague had ~60
Non sugary food
Wenn fliegende Fliegen hinter fliegenden Fliegen fliegen, fliegen fliegende Fliegen fliegenden Fliegen nach.
Was quite pretty actually
No selfdeprication and if it is in a very anti hero mode
Maybe General Radetzky too
Or I'd probably write "Erdapfel" instead of "Grumba". But I wouldn't translate "leiwand" or "oida", even though oida  clearly just means "Alter". Cause it'd sound too weird
no we're talking normal left here.
The riding school training is something I'd only recommend to horse enthusiats.
But yes many Austrians were fanatic Nazis
Another option would be "wenn es sein muss" ("if it has to be so")
Unfortunately, Grinzing has degraded to a kitschy tourist village
Interesting, you're bordering a region where they, according to this map almost exclusively say palatschinken.
>\[...\]  to secure the deal recently promised by Trump and Ursula von der Leyen, the European Commission president
*Man angrily points to 998m marker on a nearby rock*
You pay taxes on every litre of pure alcohol you will get
Hochdeutsch ü,
Living in Switzerland there is also those super annoying calls about health insurance or other call centers
And then there is ...
Does it actually matter in Hungary though
It is not odd, but just not that wide-spread
Österreich I alone has already 12 episode á ~90 minutes
And given the amount of travellers, probably the inner-country rails are more important than a connection to Greece
If you need to save money to move, just 50 pounds a month can help you cover the costs in a few years
According to legend, the Austrian flag is based on a blood soaked piece of cloth
What stinks of China's pressure is the sheer excess with which they punished player and casters
The hotspot is Vienna's center of course
It's the best thing what could happen to your country.
And my gf went ballistic, and started talking about the absolutely disgusting manada case, where the perpetrators were – among other things – a soldier and a Guardia Civil I think, and all of them muy españoles, y mucho españoles
Also, fyi, in Austria lots of places also use that kind of tablecloth, so the association is
I admit, access to the Adriatic sea would be pretty dope
Other words that come to mind:
Or you know, employing a troll brigade to flood the west with fake news...
If we don't turn this passion into environmental protection on a lot of levels, we're screwed
A dutch complaining about spelling
We're in the 21st century dude, who uses stones when we've got laptops
For Austria:
German humor is no laughing matter
* taking the citizenship away from terrorists
I didn't know that most of them have Romanian citizenship to be honest
English will always be a second language
Bringing your deceased parent up left field is a bit  much German Direktheit though
The Karl Marx Hof, a prestigious municipal housing complex from that period
Most people would probably still go with alcohol
That's what happened to the last one at least
A casus belli is only one if you want it to be one.
Except if making a baby counts, because then yes, you can make people
You will be barred from most jobs that require a security clearance
But the Slavic name is not known, because they didn't write a lot
Now where company branches in country pretebd they have no relations with each other.
I use it only if i have to i.e. work and internet things
>What I said originally is a known joke
[Hatschi Bratschis Luftballon]  (Hatschi Bratschis air balloon)
And *what* the fuck is going on in your kebap shops
Unbelievable
It's only a matter of time before coverage gets better
They are more rowdy than in other countries
And convenient oil
Law as well
I know
>I can't think of any words in English though that sound the same but can be identified based on stress
You're supposed to say 'Oh, Kaiser
>Germans like to eat their Schnitzel with sauce, like mushroom sauce, pepper sauce, etc
It just shifts the attention from the human to the object to the time to the place etc etc
Luxemburghish is actually a German dialect (called Moselfränkisch).
Imagine: the second in command of another Nation .... lets for a simple example choose maybe norway
Let's swap
- Indonesia
Those are the costs if you want to operate a legitimate business.
This way also wouldn't annoy /u/thebarfly1
Austria in German terms: Berlin with only Bavaria around it
How dare you reject nuclear energy
and belittling religious people.
I‘m not a believer, but love to have a peek into all kinds of churches, temples and stuff
Ha I got a better one for English speakers: poison & venom = gift ;)
Prizes for skiing skyeocketed, many locals dont want to spend that much so you are bound to tourists willing to spend that much because its their holiday
And almost everyone knows where germany is
"Austrians are like [Punschkrapferl] Red at the outside, brown at the inside and always a little drunk
Always weird to see this kind of map
South America
In lower austria we have a very friendly thing to say about viennese:
Ah, I thought the people are planting them themselves
That's what abolishing roaming charges means.
One example: The fish and chips shop some hundred meter away managed to make fish and chips that had more oil then fish, i literally could have made like 5 portions of fish and chips with the oil from my fish and chips
I tried forcing one open with a screwdriver (the one to check for electricity) and couldn't do that
The CDU is nothing like PiS
But this is probably where I and you differ in our expectations
If you know that Dutch becomes less confusing for us.
When the occupants are inside, the invaders can force them to tell where the valuables are or make them open the safes
Some people also call strawberries Ananas instead of Erdbeeren, but that's mostly old people and I think it stems from the latin name fragaria x ananassa
The conservative party (whom I personally dislike more than the far-right) under Sebastian "Ohrban" Kurz is having some fuckups that might influence the election result in September
In Austria they still got the cliche that they will screw you over ...
them" thing and most of the former eastern block would hold to geographical west and central Europe.
I haven‘t been to Salzburg often, but every time I was, which was about during tourist season, the city wasn‘t *that* overflown, which is a shame considering how beautiful the city is
Die Grünen (the green ones), because they‘re known for not doing the shit their party is supposed to do/stand up for
Only says the have nothing to do with Russia.
Well, I did have courses in university that included the Hildebrandslied
And the influence of peers and older siblings (in my case my two older sisters had "the talk" - i.e. penis, vagina, condoms, kinds of sex, you know, the ABC of sex - with me, without the parents, on a long car drive when I was 11) is way underrated
I have a problem
– The captive escaped
IIRC, technically that money was never paid back
I think Putin won't do it to not give seperatist in his own Country any hope
**Lower Austria**: Has been a dictatorship for the last 27 years (God Emperor Pröll first and now his proxy Hanni, the mother of a few of his children)
They reunite, she cries, her tears drop on his eyes and he can see again
It was just weird at the beginning
Same here, never met a Portuguese outside of Portugal, but if they're abroad just like they're in Portugal I assume they're cool.
And when you're ready, /r/acteuropa
well, I‘d say that‘s your username
Probably not a lot people here qualify.
;-)
then the Byzantines lost the battle and Arabs took the best time they could after the Byzantines and Sassanids were exhausted of countless wars, won a victory like that and snowballed all the way taking territories and turning even Christian north Africa muslim, and Persia which was not Christian but had some minority Christians got also converted to Islam.
> we actually wrote the author asking about this and printed his answer letter, refuting all intentional analogies, next to a scan of one of those "Your opinion is wrong" markings
I always considered it slightly problematic for that reason, because it's denying the Czech people its own nation, or at least not caring that things have changed since then
It should be treated as such (which basically means it is exempt from the shared market and requires a dedicated license in each country)
Even if you don't enter the building through that basement
I’m also quite fond of street cycling and when I’m on a long tour (say 200km) I always end up in Germany
Saint Sebastian, our dear unfailable leader
Figured it's because a) they don't have enough money and b) use other things than money for dick-waving contests, like telling you about all the places they've been to
Also no cucumbers are "prohibited". They are just categorized in Class 1, 2 3
Also, Herr Kutz in GTA 5 :D
Inb4 it was the state that funded the attack because one lord one bought a drone and didn't have fun with it
Edit: and if somebody else makes a who‘s/whose error I won‘t notice it, until somebody else points it out lol
Nor expected to see it honestly
Plastic packaging of food items, or non-reusable cups (like in OPs picture) are a far bigger threat
I can't vouch for the numbers of other countries but in Austria the numbers are definitely including social transfers coming from the state (eg: unemployment money).
In theory a supervisor should control what they looked up, but as more and more employees are fired, that's too much work.
*Escalope chasseur*) with mushroom and cream sauce
You might thank Sobieski for that
Yeah just saying moin probably does it ;)
Does it have to be in my own country
This
A friend of mine said the central heating/boiler room of the asylum he worked for was always creepy
For half a year: yes
I had a hard time using the right word, but the locals were very friendly when they corrected me
Ok - there is the unchangeable difference in how we believe the world works: I truly believe that disparities are necessary for the world to work
Trains can slow down as well, but that is usually due to rail quality changing
I mean it's totally fine during the rest of the year but when it's winter that looks just stupid, like these people don't know how to properly dress themselves
And while I'm at it, I will also refer to Ljubljana as *Laibach* from now on.
Could it be more efficient
Then OP should limit her travel plans to the Elsass/Alsace.
I know Rauch is over the border for this reason
Or you know, like, maybe the highest effective efficiency of all combustion engines, low fuel costs, high energy density, good exhaust-emission behaviour and lack of high voltage electrical ignition system are some other compelling reasons
Has a bit of "big international city" flair, but is actually not all too big
Imho that's the great difference from the 90's, that one income families were more common
Now I have
don't even get me started on your German food terms ... \*cringes* ;)
/rant
Excessive lighting is called "Festbeleuchtung" in my household (Festival lighting) but idk if it's austrian, my mom grew up in east germany
I was able to read them before I was able to write my own name
Would you mind to provide a source for that?
Thanks for making him another Austrian people believe to be German, don't mind this one either :)
Well, its definitley legal to close the borders
You have a link for me where I can read it
DIE BÜESTE
Heinz Fischer 1938, Graz
States don't elect the president, people do
Also thank you Sweden for harboring Kreisky, the best chancellor we ever had
Where are you actually from it has to be "heiliges Land Tirol", right ?
My brother lives outside Austria and has the citizenship of the country he resides in and Austria
I have no idea if they have a slogan here, but I'm pretty ad-blind in general (luckily)
I think the party still exist and they meet once a year in a restaurant...
Of course, there is a threshold, when it doesn't make sense to invest immediately but wait a few months.
44% of UK exports, God damn it
People would rather hire random Caucasian people that are tall and blonde, and while their English isn't horrible, it's not at a native level either, and they definitely don't have a language teacher education
Belvedere Castle
Austrialia
so no, I don't expect them to become this.
At some point there'll be an economic pull effect
Does that count
i thought austria was the reason for both world wars?
1million+ city, really
looks like [his bigger brother]
Perfect ESC material
War halt ne ziemlich beschissene Zeit für alle in nem Staat der einen großteil seines Landes und seiner Macht verloren hatte
I bet you also call Tomaten (tomatoes) "Paradeiser" :O
This is most likely true for any other European language than English
Greece got way more per capita from the marshall plan and suffered far less devastation than Germany.
true, but I would still a prefere a nickname like Fairhair
Butterfly House
often not wheelchair accessible, and no elevators
[Ähem]
Basically, yes
What is a common thing on reddit that would never happen if reddit was Europe-only
I'd say Klagenfurt
It's definitely more civilized than the Austrian one
Minden blown
Aaaah okay
i'm not sure if you're genuinely asking, or if you don't believe that companies spy on people.
By having less and less people immunized against diseases, the disease can reach these people and kill them
it is not a fast food (but you can put a cold Schnitzel in the Semmel instead of Wurst making it a Schnitzelsemmel)
Hi, thank you for your contribution, but this submission has been removed because it is low effort.
Tschipsi cola memory wennst was sagst dann schlag i di
As dubbed media is *very* good in German compared to some other languages, I prefer that.
Ah yeah, the "Heurigen" of the Danube region are a thing of beauty
Your "R" is more like an "uuhhhh".
Only the constitution court could be called nearly anytime you think a law is not in accordance with the constitution
Not an EU member, but I think the Norwegian passport is great:
Don't do anything stupid
It's a 20 kilometer long bypass to prevent flooding.
The revolution wasn't just in Prussia it was all over the multitude of German states
If a stranger greets me with "Einen wunderschönen guten Tag" I automatically assume that he is either an asshole, wants to sell me something or works in the service industry and doesn't mean it.
i have to say yes, i believe in european identity as an austrian
Also Makava
Well, the question is what do you do once they are here, because it is impossible to send them to a country that doesn't take them back and establishing those camps is almost impossible because of Sovreignity.
*laughs in Austrian* what colonies
The only person with concret ties to Russia was Hillary.
Thanks for pointing it out
The Austrian government has that too
The EU ban was specifically targeted at islamist attacks, according to the lawmaker
Actually sounds pretty coo tbh
I mean ours did change in between of course, but that doesn't change the nature of our old constitution
Turkey is half way there
A mixture or french, germanic, norse and a tad gaelic
Thanks
In my eyes such a high speed network (which I absolutely support) should evenly connect all countries of the Union
No Iraqi or Afghan could become a hero for me by fighting a war, simply because he doesn't fight for me in any way.
And I have a picture of the way cities look in Netherlands in my head
Don't worry, guys
I think Portemonnaie is in the German vocabulary/dictionary
It was a little bit gory, sometimes gross, but all in all entertaining
If that's the song I think it is, I have no idea how it goes but I was a big fan
Still haven't seen it, and don't intend to ever do
Es warad so oafoch
Articles are very neutral, comprehensive and nearly all information is backed by external sources
Me da igual
Ben meestal op het bootje boven in Friesland
They are a mix of beautiful and harsh
also WTF are india and brazil doing in this image
First time i hear that one
Immobilia maybe too as Germany zonening law is a bit stricter than ours
I feel like Obelix when those Brits soaked his boar in peppermint sauce
* PS: Mostschädel - most = apple wine, schädel = head (a person who drinks too much apple wine)
Just live with it
Dialects though are a central part of local culture both in every day life, music, theatre ....
I suppose IS needs to have proof who did it so they can pay his family a nice pension.
**But wait
The US is a nation that executes minors, even to this day
No need to be a bitch about it tbh
Obviously funded by Russia to get rid of Merkel.
Well they are all Italian already and one notices that when compared to North Tyroleans xD
The bride and her friends drive to as many different restaurants/bars as they can before getting caught by the groom and his friends
One of the things that the norwegian government highlighted was the invention of the paper clip
I'm a simple man, i use 3 colors: red, green and blue, which fucking color must something have that you can argue for it being green and blue
Yes
> Hell, there could be a permanent "International Olympic Village"
While I do agree with you regarding Turks or other immigrant groups, I think this has a lot to do with these groups being large, living close together, and also actively trying to preserve their Turkish/foreign identity.
What I collected as inofficial knowledge is that Austria was extremely lucky after WW2
The Neapolitian Pizzeria around my corner has tablecloths like that
My personal entry for soulless city is "Horn on a foggy day in October".
It's beyond stupid and quite archaic
It is mainly about way of life, traditions and rituals
Heresy
It even run in discos on countryside festivals and theres no other marsch who achieved to be played in discos on a regular base
Also just yesterday my wallet was stolen
The Krampus thing
(Hope I didn't sound like I dislike Germany either; it's one of my favourite countries for travelling, but I can't say I feel all too close to it
And blue coastal cities near end Byzantine
That's a completely different thing
No valley to deep, no mountain too high
(Standard German word for it is 'Pflaumenmus')
Still boggles my mind, that one of the most important nations (besides France and Germany) of this monumental project that finally brought peace among archenemies really decided to leave what they have been such a big and important part of
He fought on the Western front after the D-Day invasion
He won’t be
The problem with sauce is losing the crisp puff breading from the schnitzel
That’s some skyrim stuff right there
Yep
Also, TIL the Czech names of Hänsel und Gretel
A visit was quite obligatory
Or a modern day Berlin
A friend of mine (french) is allergic to wine and hates cheese
I find that offensive
You don't make proper tea with boiling water either...
The Dutch Wikipedia page talks about "a taboo" on Christmas music before 6 December.
How weird would people look if I just said извини, где библиотека? Would that be rude or something
And I don't want to let you go!
An Austrian that is not complaining
The first time I come to a city I always take a day to just walk around as randomly as I can without ever looking at a map
Putting sauce on a schnitzel
Do they have similiar ambitions?
The tickets themselves are also horribly overpriced for what you get and so is parking (I pay less in Vienna for parking).
Same during the day, there's a few spots (Bim-Station Westbahnhof, Praterstern, Gumpendorfer Straße) where drunks/crazy guys hang out and it's dirty, but it doesn't feel unsafe, just annoying
Oh look, another country got a new president without a year long campaign, a first round, a revoked second round, a failed attempt, finally a second round, and without costs of millions of euros.
Well, you barely see it when there isn‘t a festival around, but people probably won‘t think you’re bonkers if you do it
Ich bin doch noch hier
American/British pronunciation, which did you learned, which do you speak?
It's 24/7 CO2 pollution, not to mention all the aerosols and particulates that get released at different steps in the fossil fuel supply and consumption chain.
Then the eventual "Staatsvertrag" (National Treaty) of 1955 cemented Austrias "everlasting Neutrality" (that was how it was officially called btw) and future political endeavours
For beer we use the Seidl and Krügerl
Sangria only out of a plastic bucket.
It's a German one
it was more popular in the past, I can remember the "Kinderfreunde" always had adds for their camps in the alps
its this weird english-german mixup language, that also exists in different other languages
It comes from the word "Grubenhunt", which is a mine cart
Whenever I read about some place somewhere that forces employees to ruin perfectly good food out of nothing but greed it turns my stomach, it's so saddening and angering and absolutely pure complete evil
Then I rather wait for the green light.
Most of central Europe looks that way.
Doesn't take that long, no
Meduza is the work of Russian journalists who found themselves too censored / controlled to report in Russia, so moved offshore.
Almost all of Europe uses dots and/or spaces for thousands and commas for decimals
If you don't use your dialekt you don't use part of your culture and you are going to be just another prussian (north german) like everyone else
Kit Kat club
Nonantola	IT
Like they would be separated
Monty python and the holy grail: Ritter der Kokosnuss which translates to Knights of the coconut
Operation Gladio also had a chapter in Austria, you can look it up online
I suspect my department lead came up with that, afterall he lead the IT department in a big brewery before
Beautiful and sad at the same time
May as well include Hitler since he used to be an Austrian before denouncing it
Except no merchant will round down, it just goes up
Ah well, if you bring up nationality: what does a Brit know about Europe :)
What's happening in Istanbul
Also in the same vein
It would have to be an equivalent force to the combined armed forces of the EU, so Russia really seems like the only candidate who could in the first place
tbh, if I saw a boar with piglets here it would be the exact opposite rection of mine: I would make sure to get the fuck away from it
This is impossible for eurosceptic parties to achieve as for example our moderate parties and the dutch moderate parties refuse to go into a coalition with their respective far right
Australia, New Zealand or Canada.
Edit: Pretty mich pronounced like hurry or hide, I just read the comments below and found this example :‘D and for A, it‘s pronounced like the A in „darn it
It's like attributing the driver of the Queen a higher status than her because he's driving after all.
Let’s not forget the ‘morally superior’ denial of medical care to people who lack the money
Anyway
I arrived at the main station at 2:30 pm and went towards the river Inn.
Last but not least, here is a list of all refill stations in Austria ;D
Big fan of rosmary or basil in my gin, myself
But i dont recommend to pay 50gbp for this
From the netherlands for example.
They just (currently) can't do it
Source: I love making pasta
I hope someone will google that :D
Istanbul is a gorgeous city and I’ve met many great people there so the rest of my stay was amazing
Steirisch u:
Absolutely love it
I had hoped this thread would be Göring in a different direction.
Speaking German definitely helps u understanding this
It is actually almost impossible to edit anything anymore due to the nature of control they put up.
Haha Vienna has the da/nube
Remember back to the 90's, my father was 3 shift working in a mine and later in glass works, which meant I didn't see him at all on some school days and some days we had the whole day time
at all
I still believe that there are good arguments on both sides of the aisle.
Why does it look so photoshopped
So separatism can of course be justified if it's against an actual oppressor
They often get confused with ech other
That is true
Pouring sauce on a crisp and delicious Schnitzel
Yes, Salzburg was not an Austrian Coreland but always was deeply connected to House Habsburg
Seeing Mitterand and Kohl holding hands at Verdun still gives me goosebumps
People in northern Bavaria don't even talk a dialect anymore.
But yeah many were happy about it
I don't post a scientific link history on reddit, I have other work to do as well ... but before judging 1) Watch the video it's well researched 2) Google up sources about the problem beginning with remarks of sex worker societies world wide, but let me help for a start:  The main reason I got aware of this problem was the blog of the Austrian Sex Worker Society:
Macs are not that common
Freedom for Livonia
There is certainly a fan base for Sci Fi in general.
Frappe is good
Unbelievable that these people get paid with our taxes to release this amount of steam on a daily base
So the city of Weitra/Vitoraz was once part of Bohemia?
Posting it for people interested, here's a (secret) [recording of Hitler talking in his normal voice] It is the only known recording of Hitler speaking in an unofficial tone and one of the very few recordings in which Hitler may be heard delivering a narrative without raising his voice.
Grandfather had to join WW2 aged 17 it it's last year, for newer wars 0.
Could you also say Orbánország?
In German literature, we start with ancient greece (we read Antigone for example, and the Odysee, and also had little stops in other importent European literature (Dantes Divine Comedy for example, Machiavellis The Prince etc.)
Europe (There's the discussion regarding Eurasia in some school books
Or: listening through my 2 favourite records for commuting to and from work
Just that one day was a little draining.
2) expectations towards Austria seem to be really low, if no-one here is disappointed in us :D fits us perfectly
And an old house where you can‘t really live in anymore is a Kaischn
Of course Istanbul isn't the capital.
Take my city for example, Innsbruck.
And then Americans wonder why Europe has so few skyscrapers when we have cities like this
wow, really puts it in perspective
You're right ,for everything else it's Grundbirn
the stairs right behind the entrance make lugging up your bike each day to put it out in the back yard cumbersome
From what I've heard many people are against it because our regional producers wouldn't be able to compete with the prices of the products from overseas
It's always better to split power so that both bodies can control each other
But we also had a referendum, and kept conscription(where everyone got to vote on it, of course, so half the country voted on something that doesn't affect them either way).
Here it's an public insurance which is mandatory and you can get additional insurances
seeing somebody talk like that to one of those untouchable "powerful people", to ask them honestly to look at themselves and at what they are doing to their country, brings a smile to my face
No, he is my half-uncle
How should the EU treat the UK and it’s dependencies after Brexit ?
But not this one
That's because we probably still are in a higher terror alert state
There's also a forum where people can ask questions, but it's not available inside the mobile app
I barely hear people say Tschechei
Croatians are chill af
I also mind the same kind of conditioning with others, but it seems to be much less of a hard rule there.
I suspect there would at least be some people, who do not actually want Le Pen but want to send a giant "fuck you" to what they call establishment.
Hot: above 30
Thanks for pointing it out
The end product was pizza dough with ketchup on it, covered with [Extrawurst]
Jackyll and Hide
Me too
Or T-shirts with political messages written in Basque (e.g. Altsasukoak aske)
What most people care about however is the children they selfishly brought into this world, and them not having to subsist in some kind climate war hellscape
Credit, where Credit is due
Thanks for the info, was told something similar years ago.
Well, in the city we have Würstel-Döner-Hotdogstände instead
A good time to remember that you cant compare america to a deeply in europe invested austria
This is exactly what has happened with NATO expanding into eastern Europe.
I remember seeing it on TV when they removed the body from the Valle de los Caidos
Also compared to other western european countries good wages and a high GDP (#5 in the EU)
Verleihnix (Ordralfabétix) literally means "lends-nothing", which I actually find quite fitting for that character
Almost everyone knows austria as a german-speaking country
You can live in Austria or Germany for 10 years and never once come across Plusquamperfekt or Futur II
We had to use those for school, and quite a few people wrote their cheat sheets into the inside of the cover
There aren't any mountains in Vienna and to get there you'd have to drive a few hours westward.
You don't need that many tanks anymore.
Also, my dialect is still not representative of even eastern Austria or Styria
I would've suspected Austria to be way more sceptical of their children dating a muslim
I couldn't give two shits about chemistry, I am certain that I am never going to use it again but still I have to sit through all these boring ass classes, when I would much rather be doing something different that would actually help me pursue my dream career (that 100% will not have anything to do with chemistry)
Below ~0 I take a thicker jacket
and now try deepl
Of course that's not entirely true
The only useful constant throughout the past couple of years is our president, Van Der Bellen
Probably some private photo albums, if the whole country goes down and all books are destroyed everywhere (even abroad) I'm not going to start into the new world order with 3 highly illegal books to carry around...
I for example grew up with Tom Turbo and the Knickerbocker Bande and I live in Tyrol
I also don't see the difference between pronouncing "aber" "owa" and pronouncing "ich" "I". At least "I" shares a letter with "ich". There are terms I've only ever heard in dialect/that might only exist in dialect or at least wouldn't know how to translate, but non of those are involved here
Make sure a buddy will get a good contract while letting it appear 100% legal
Since Adolf would be to obvious, I'd nominate *another* fascist dictator of Austria, [Engelbert Dollfuß]
Even as an Austrian, his Styrian accent is quite amusing
wine for Austria
Throwing in a few movies with Austrian feeling here: Glawogger's trilogy about Sex, Drugs, and Rock'n'Roll (which he couldn't see the finish of before his untimely death): [Nacktschnecken] and [Contact High] (haven't seen Hotel Rock'n'Roll yet); other good ones that have the awesome Austrian movie tradition of "uh-oh, I'm not really sure where we're going with this...
But a transceiver is a must
A Klafter is 3 Ster
Honestly I think in your group only two will advance, I have a feeling someone will lose against the other two world class countries and will end up with to few points to advance as third
> And when were you in School actually
A tiny itty bit of access
at ad with christmas stuff in JULY
over here it would honestly be seen as rude
The food in the hotel was bad, like really bad
Wiki: [
The Irish, Finns, Georgians, Ukrainians and many more were essentially forced to fight in a war for nations that were suppressing them and actively tried to eradicate their culture against nations that may have given them independence
Having any sort of privilege connected to citizenship or trying to enforce a national language will sound like nationalistic madness to future generations
Or they go the Austro\_Hungarian way and split the left stripe in blue and green, while keeping the others red and white
> Much quicker and easy to use than a pizza wheel
The formation of pretty much every nation state in Europe followed the same lines.
* Germany (duh)
Nobody really cares about it
Not a single one was convincing.
As far as I know there is less of a political exploitation and Radio Burgenland even broadcasts partly in Croatian
>Even though the Swiss german is quite hard to understand we can it if we really try
And I have a Czech one two, Czech one two
I think only very big cities deviate from that
we actually all started like that lmao.
And I somehow dont like the idea of ordering food from the internet - I am just not that much invested
but they would still have to put you through to the relevant emergency service, no
Well it is majorly a Cold War thing even though it probably is older than that
Then you'll be notified by your water provider and they are obliged to fix the problem as soon as possible
also, Dude
Records on why and how this custom started where lost in time, but people are really enjoying the ferris wheel and kids are eager to craft yellow papermashe wigs
Portugal had a thriving cloth industry during that time but the Portuguese Empire was in decline during this time
I don‘t know a single national anthem
Also complete strangers talking to you
What does tint remind you of
This family announced it to the group like it was just a normal thing for them to
So you are fine with asocial people putting others at risk
They renamed it to "Das kaufmännische Talent"
*who's most likely half your age
Wiener Würstchen / Frankfurter
doesn't praktik translate to internship, mostly
> I don’t care “who is receiving the action”
Everything you need for the daily life is in walking or cycling distance, every area is packed with parks, I can walk at night through literally every corner of the city without a problem and the public transit is without exageration the best in the world
Chilly: 5 to 15
if yes, is it really the official anthem?
We have got bars, but they're expensive and they play loud music
Tell him in Germany you have to clap 3 times when you fart
Now that you write it, I think this is a significant line in an Eros Ramazzotti song
[Democracy is going bye-bye]
Not for being a dirty crime-ridden hellhole (it clearly isn't), but for being snotty bullies who lord it over everybody else
I have been asked for my passport numerous times when crossing back to Austria from Slovenia
We have a relatively stable and prosperous social-democracy going in our country, which laid out a good foundation for a smoother transition from babyboomers to millenials.
I work in a foreign country with a lot of different foreigners and when we talk about our homes I'm glad that I live in Austria
I think Glock is the complete opposite of unknown
We have a few:
But those idiots decided that you don't have to pay when buying the music, or the book or whatever, you have to pay when buying (empty) storage
The TV station found out, that there was no official visit to the parliament and the police did not know anything about the attack Hofer claimed to have witnessed
Now that‘s a power move
>"DAMN IT MARK
You lost it, get over it lol
now kiss
Although we are not a typical tourism country i believe 10% of economic performance comes from tourism and also we have many very (internationally) succesful companies
E.g. Handtuch (towel) is literally Handcloth or the well known Rindfleischetikettierungsüberwachungsaufgabenübertragungsgesetz is word by word translated: Beefetiquettemonitoringtasktransferlaw
Xorbron Nyxelbrom, prime minister of the One World Nation would like to remind the UK that it can't cherry pick its conditions for leaving the now obsolete EU.
What could be gained for the survey by asking for marital status if you could ask about relationship status.
Immediatly, I thought this must be great for bouldering/climbing
I know someone who had to return from Kosovo because of gonorrhea, does this count?
For cups you have [these things] to measure
A lot of people criticise him for supporting the Anschluss.
That is possible
>The yank most likely thought it would be fun to do the Nazi Salute in Germany
We bought it today for the holidays.
It's the only big city we have and is politically really important
Not a big difference
I have never heard that in my entire life
Not really untouched but there are some places where you will not see a dingle human for miles
Because only monsters prefer soggy sad heap of breadcrumbs to a perfectly crispy outer layer
These fines should have existed much earlier
There are just 3 branches of power.
It's mostly used at the deli-counter in super markets ("20 deka Gouda" instead of "200 Gramm Gouda") or measuring drugs nowadays.
I think if was less amazing then people thing VDB was well liked across the left spectrum and also within large parts of the liberal conservative voters
But with these options I would stay in Vienna
A few years after my grand father returned home, a bullet fraction was removed from his arm
Nastola	FI
i regularly go there by bike or car, have lunch and a walk
It would be tolerance if they accepted it when everybody does it.
We learned British English, though the vocab part in our books always had both variants written followed by BE or AE.
I am very happy about being born here and I value the opportunities that were offered to me highly
I always imagine if you follow the river upstream, into the hole, you'll get lost and never get out again
Really
It’s AWFUL
Spain: thanks for all the fruit you provide us with
Blümchen = Bliaml
I'm the only Austrian I know who cheers for Germany when Austria inevitably fails at football
For Austria, i‘d rather say Schnaps
No, it did not
What definitely was our fault was the whole situation leading up to the Anschluss
I mean we lead a country that called itself holy ROMAN EMPIRE for one or two years
You are underestimating their winters
Stephen's cathedral (tourist hot spots)
It's just the English term which is so similar and therefore confusing.
When Austria introduced the 40h week (from 48/45h before) salaries weren't reduced
Because most will immediately jump to English if they're capable of it and notice you're a foreigner
I guess I'm used to it because it's always been this way so it doesn't make me feel scared
No I'm not fine with it but forced medical procedures are worse - dictatorship style
I don't understand that argument at all - feet start smelling if they spend too much time in non-"breating" shoes, so you make your feet just smell more if you keep your shoes on
Also a relative of mine lives on the countryside and rides 30km with his E-Bike (he is nearly 60) to work if it isn't raining
* making a law against "political islam" (no fucking idea if that's a real word), basically making it illegal to be a radical islamist
Eggs, no
ok my bad
But since they spend a lot of money here on their holidays we let them live
Imagine: the second in command of another Nation .... lets for a simple example choose maybe norway
"Immer" would just be "imma", I don't think I've ever used anything else, ollwail is more something that, like, my grandfather might say if that
Well, because for us history started before the renaissance, we have mostly midddle age festivals - I quite like the one in Eggenburg due to the rather middle-age like layout of the town surrounded by a city wall: [Mittelalterfest Eggenburg]
I'll never forget the motherfucking [FIRE TORNADO]
Only a fucking idiot if you're doing it in Germany
that's work camp for the three generations of your family
I use [AnachB] for route finding
Schlampen lasagne
Not in Vienna atleast
It's the other way around, Germans "closed" their borders to Austria due to human trafficking
What if the most haunted forest in the world is just a single ghost having a lark with the census takers
I also remember the super surprised look on a Romanian exchange student when she asked what is being done about stray dogs in Austria and I told her that there are none
There are a number of quite distinctive dialects which technically are all but a couple variations of bavarian or low German as I think it's called
Current help for Greece exceeds 245 bullion Euros.
True, but spanish catholic church is very different to middle-east european ones.
If operation Barbarossa started on time they might have even taken it.
They seem to love expensive functional outdoor clothing from the holy 3: Mammut, Ternua, Patagonia
* Lindwürmer (Wyvern): Klagenfurt has even a statue
I know you are obviously joking but the long story is they wanted to do Tyrol last, it got delayed and once they finally started in the early 19th century Tyrol got occupied and they had to stop again.
In Austria its the polar opposite, we still got traditional groups dressed up as soldiers from WWI doing some epic stuff on our streets, but then again we didn‘t have our imperial flag from WWI plagued by Neo Nazis
However, since I‘m almost finishing my degree, I suggest you do some broader research and find out what other universities in the west have to offer
because it's the last celebration before Lent begins
Greece especially was in a bad position
While I don't try out any window I see, I know exactly one that is not like that - it was built in more than 70 years ago
There have been countless systems of measurement in history, probably some we don't even know about.
I thought the same, it's such an iconic era and would be quite different from what they already did
"Die Rivalität mit Finnland kommt hier von (ich schreibe das in Holländisch, da niemand diese Show verstehen kann)."
In its own twisted way it somehow makes sense
**Football** is probably the most popular sport in Austria in terms of how many people actively play it.
This was then ruled as not valid and had to be held again and then also the date was changed because the postal votes were flawed
When they saw the party going on, the infantrymen demanded alcohol for themselves
> I'd like to add Woody Allen's "To Rome with Love", which is a short summary of all stereotypes Americans have on Italy
You guys always act like the UK is untouchable and has some divinely granted sovereignty.
Vienna is another story, because my apartment is on the canal facing the most central district so I can almost walk everywhere
* Andreas Khol, from the conservatice ÖVP
FPÖVP killed them in an impotent attempt to save a few cents, and long term damage the local tourism with it because teenagers didn't learn skiing anymore through school, which meant they had a chance to learn it if their parents didn't care
(and yeah, I know that Austria had a HUGE problem with bad wine in the past, but these things have changed to the absolute opposite direction since that scandal in the 80s)
Oh, I'm not bothered
Plus Europe in general is doing good at the moment.
Thanks
But other than that, I don't know anyone who can't.
"Hauptschule" has cooking lessons, "Gymnasium" not
but very sparsely the Standard German diminuitive -chen
Well I can see your point, but I do not agree with it.
Isn't having diversity good as long as everything is top tier.
It often takes knowledge of a city or the right pages (facebook, instagram) where to look
Only problem I had was them not understanding what I want them to do
>šajtrga (Scheibtruhe : samokolnica)
Well, the cultural difference between Irish and British is minuscule compared to Turkish/Dutch.
There were a a broad anti Irak war stance, not only from the left.
The EU should be more open for nuclear energy.
you get sued, and *you* get sued
There was an ad about a hotel room with labels on everything, saying stuff like "EU has regulations on pillow size" and "EU has limited the number of threads in the linens" and "EU limits the number of curtains"... etc
My stepfather is from Tunesia and I therefore grew up in a household with both cultures, Tunesian and Austrian
And if it's just spelling, why bother
The bottle doesn't even specify the Country or even the colour of wine ("European Wine").
It's virtually suicide
Not really
Still same common market membership and everything.
In the last election a party called BPÖ (Beer Party of Austria) ran for seats in Vienna
Americans in general are more friendly than europeans when it comes to interacting with strangers.
I give up :)
1) What timezone are you in, where is it relative to GMT?
Try to read a German textbook on a complicated matter
Quite frankly, they were rich paupers)
So we hadn't much of a walk there
Depends how often people are putting ~~usb sticks~~ discettes in that thing
smh
For example would you be making that comment if you were aborted?
lmao you can taste the irony
There were certain groups noticeable and although i had gotten the same experience before, there was an unusually agressive climate emanating from them.
I think it is fortunate that we are able to live in such a time
Then the label is meaningless
Basically the idea is that kids in kindergarden don't care about the gender of their friends, but between ~8 and ~13 they segregate into their gendered peer groups for some reason (that's also the age where kids show a lot of tribal behaviour elements)
Essentially the look like official vendors because of the uniforms, but really they are black market vendors
der Zwischenkriegs-Christlichsozialen=Vaterländische Front
Legalized, but with restrictions (age limit and amout per person per month or something similar)
Cars don't have to be expensive
Oberlaa Sacher torte (the big one)
Because they were quite isolated in the mountains
Austria is neutral, so unless you're counting Afghanistan I don't know when they ever went to war
There are also a few alongside the border with Czechia, though some of them had their czech opposite become ghost towns after WW2
That Jörg Haider (right-extremist Corinthian poitican, who collected a lot of debts and gave money to his friends - kinda short version) committed suicide, because he knew what was going to happen, if his crimes become public.
I would be curious to know how they relate to Romanian or even Russian news
The zither player Anton Karas actually reached the top of the billboard charts I think, and he did a world tour after becoming famous with that movie
As agriculture mechanised more and more people went north to find work
But doesn't it sound slightly different to Dutch Dutch
How about [this] Italian song made in Austria by a Georgian who you'd think is Russian
Well, it is not something I ever experienced abroad, at least not to the same degree
But that wasn't the implication in your original post and I dare say that was on purpose to make it sound cooler ;)
There's Perfekt (I have gone), Präteritum (I went) and Plusquamperfekt (I had gone)
Well
Yeah exactly
And I don't really care about street view
Ch Switzerland
Yes
Who's hostile
* Manderl: Small creatures which live in nature
so many different groups, all finding together and being so unhappy all at once
What definitely was our fault was the whole situation leading up to the Anschluss
I only know that a lot were filmed in Vienna, but are supposed to be set in Hungary or Checoslovakia, probably because during the cold war it was the closest location without entering the eastern block
The [photo on the frontpage of La Liberation] shows the Rosette window of the transept burnt through, so the interior, not only the roof seems to be burning
10°C is "ok, time to put on a shirt" weather in the nordic countries I assume
I also made a generous donation to Wikipedia because the last thing we need is them partnering with corporate or political sponsors
Regarding wars: I don't have a complete list, but we fought several wars against Bavaria also
Cheer up guys, your side won and you've successfully fucked yourself with a cactus
And I don‘t think the Styrian dialect will fade _that_ easily (but I have noticed that Upper and Lower Austrian dialects slowly (kinda) fade)
I thought it was mainly about teaching little, _little_ kids pronounciation or something like that
We hate you cuz you are too similar
means: living a marvelous life without sorrows
As fast as possible
There are days I can comfortably walk around the city at -5°C in my thin wintercoat and then there are days were I am freezing my balls off at +5°C in the same coat
Let's take Northern Spain instead.
Well, it does depend on topic and timing.
Strong winds could already cause that
Indirectly sort of, but not for every type of job.
I've one too, I love the Coffee from it and could simply Put in the wood stove If it's currently burning
Note that it also *doesn't* mean "der Deutschen Nation", as in belonging to the German nation
It's important to note that "Wurschtigkeit" is an Austrian philosophy
And of course doing a numerical rating of qualification on a quarter-percent scale is completely bonkers (i.e. this rating is an accurate measure of the candidate's aptitude for fitting in the rating system, which probably has some kind of correlation with the candidate's aptitude to do the job in question)
What's so hard to get about that?
>Are Europeans as focused on generations like Americans seem to be
There was only the concept of the House of Austria which subsumed the population under the ruling dynasty
Or there are a lot of other things that spring to mind, like corruption or civil liberties.
Im not sure if that's the only reason, but it definitely contributes to the whole picture
Used to be a real [blob] lol
I have to give the croatian speaking minority in Burgenland a honourable mention since croatia is not a neighbouring country
I'm for hard sanctions against Turkey, a complete travel ban there, take away dual citizenship for Turks, and deport those from Europe who are a threat to our peace.
but if just behave like a normal tourist and dont get into international political discussions, then i doubt anyone will mind you being from the usa.
Origin in English
I have never heard that in my entire life
In a way I'm glad they exist, and that European countries in general are relatively small on average comapred to the rest of the world, just because not everything needs to be huge like China, India, US, Canada etc
SPÖ: The Social Democrats: Socially liberal and center-left economically
Love it how you use 4 words for meat patty in Germany and non of them are used in Austria
[Yes, all over the city, especially in the center] one side in the drinking-fountain-design to directly drink from, the other side with a tap to fill your bottle.
except if the coalition talks take a huge amount of time (his birthday is next august)
Austria is kinda too
Is this like a joke version of the ones that are usually done
we don't just give them money and bring them to slovenia or germany :D
How is this in _any way_ sursprising
- quite a bit about the tribal migration period in the late Antiquity/early Middle Age period and its various protagonist peoples/tribes (Hunns, Goths, Vandals, Langobards, Franks, Alemans etc
also Nigeria
kids like dressing up in costumes
Although Austria only has about 8
At least we're better than the American skwurl
Those sirens are also used in shorter intervalls to alert the fire brigade in the country side (rural fire brigades are usually voluntary forces)
I don't use any oil and very little to non salt, sometimes cooked, sometimes scrambled
I don't know what nutvillager wants to say
Why is it soo hard for many to accept this
It's 89 People right now, I'm not sure if the game can handle that :o
That one I completely support as its great exercise for students, and anyone really.
The difference is that the green party didn't put up a candidate like the SPÖ, ÖVP or FPÖ did.
I forgot the dirty eastern Europeans stealing yer jerbs.
I didn't really get the joke in the scene with Heidi Klum (watched it in English), but maybe this is due to the fact that it is produced for an American audience
We might have a Döner or Pizza-slice as well but if you feel real Austrian you'll want to get a [Käsekrainer]
I would totally pick some up as well
When the Great Recession started in 2008 the whole house of cards began to crumble
also it's common in eastern austria, and has a strong dialectal/slightly historical connotation there
Those are all surely signs of a truly ‘enlightened’ society
I vaguely remember them using this saying in an advertisement
Putting sauce on a schnitzel
National: Kinda both
It's been know for years that the mafia is a long term recipient of EU funding.
Yeah, it's just different concepts of what's allowed, and how people are expected to behave (see my [comment] above)
Streams are only legal from sources that are not illegal.
My gf's cousins like to half-joke that I know better Spanish than them
All voting is done on paper ballots, so in the event of doubt, you can always recount.
Government agencies are overwhelmed with work, jurists and lawyers are not sure how to apply those EU laws and law abiding citizens might become criminals over night due to weird new law
Yes
That Germany had a better starting position in the areas of culture relevant to economic success.
He had to leave his hometown in southern Austria and travel all the way up to the North sea, where he was trained to become a tank driver
Minor subjects = The transparent one
Bella gerant alii, tu felix Austria nube
This would now create a border again, which around 50% of Northern Irelanders are going to be _really_ mad about
Ahahaha, let's just say it was a typo
Check out [my reply] to Worldgnasher
It's legal until the 16th week, after it AFAIK only if there are medical complications which puts the mom in danger.
I think I can pinpoint the school you are talking about
Strache and Gudenus, you might know them from Ibiza
The fixed fee makes it unfeasible to buy in small quantities.
The KFCs I know are pretty well-frequented while Subway is almost deserted.
As taken from Wikipedia
If you enjoyed Dark, then you may also like the hacker-thriller "Who Am I". It's by the same directors
If i have to guess it's roughly 20% german speaking music in the radio.
Things you see in the video already are against the law and are the absolute exception in the industry.
Are apricot (or other fruit) dumplings a thing outside of Austria
There are entire chapters dedicated to it in history and geography class
Other than those first world problems i really can‘t complain except on pricing of real estate maybe
Vienna (= Wien in German)
True
reverse TIL, the notion that somebody would find that "racist" really surprised me
Today it was 26 degrees and tjat was the hottest day this week so far
Reading about it made me realize that we have no special food for three-kings-day at all, which is strange since usually have traditional food for everything - like [Allerheiligenstriezel] for All-Saints-Day, [Osterpinzen] (easter) and of course the [Faschingskrapfen] for carneval.
Austria - Österreich
Am I allowed to mentioned stores that are not originally European
It's very prominently Austrian
Now there's the question if you put butter and Nutella on your bread or just Nutella
So since the difference between written and spoken is usually so big/noticable anyway and there are a lot of possible pronunciations because 300+ (sub)dialects, it makes sense to me to use standard spelling when writing a generalised example like this
In short: the change just allows US companies to get a business license, for which they have to through FSB.
idk what's hard about that to understand.
In Austria it is mainly Vienna+surrounding areas which plays French vs
Because when confronted with the forces of high alpine nature, we are all equal, and in a possible emergency situation there's no time for formalities
As Fucking(now Fugging) and Hallstatt (the small red dot below "All of Asis") are only villages I didn't know how to do it better than just write cities under quotation marks
Just a wild guess if I had to wear his shoes
> However if the basement is half underground (súð) then that might be considered the first floor instead of a basement
I read Forbeskin in the IMGUR Title, but realise its suomi and Forbesin
> ohnehin
I mean historically you and the Swedes fought a lot but after losing Skane you became irrelevant
It's history is so distant to the super entwined history of the continent it often seems like a different world entirely
This is also the reason why he gets so much critique from the heads of states like Tyrol or Vorarlberg (except for his bootlicking friends in Styria and Upper Austria)
After exams sometimes a "Maturastreich" is done
If we can't adapt and/or fix it, we will be like dinosaurs, but there's one big difference: We have the means to do sth
But I'm happy that none of those are in Europe
to be fair, the crime is different here in Europe, in Spain for example you should watch out for pickpockets in touristy places.
Wow, did you guys really have to expose Helene Fischers most passionate fans like that
People don’t flex here at all
In Austria we have a relative recent party founding around liberal values, the [NEOs] During the [last election] they reached 4.96% of the vote.
I thought the pronunciation of that is simply "sigth".
I don’t drink, I don’t smoke, I don’t eat meat
As such it is grouped as part of Central, Central-Eastern, Southern and South-East Europe
I'd say he is arguing for better education.
Bonus: Trieste and Ljubljana are so close that you can visit them in a day trip from there
Now try guessing which areas are cities.
is that the good or bad side
Stephen's cathedral, Schönbrunn castle, and some more
Another reason for me to leave Austria is, I'm studying engineering and there are not many jobs (except I accept one with like 2-3k/month)
Austrians are in general quite bad at geography
And if Mozart is German because hes a HRE citizen then so are all Bohemians and Moravians xD
But that must have been from the late 70s (i.e. was already old when I was a child in the 90s)
Don't know if they even were used by anyone but us kids
Stop living in shit houses then
In Germany 3
Same
> The heart piece of our constitution has never been changed since 1920 afaik
The "rarest" one I got is probably a 1€ from Monaco.
Aren't there enough Kangaroos to eat
intentionally, to not get into the huge, huge issues it would cause if you had to decide on *which* people to put on there
I now have this mental picture of the food mafia smuggling illegal chocolatines and re-packing them them as Pain au chocolats to sell them at a higher price!
source: study in sweden right now
Basically, a collective of elite students, often sons of lawyers and entrepreneurs, who get together and exchange mostly right-wing, nationalist ideas
So you will most likely be able to use both just like you are able to say "good bye" or just "bye" in english
Academic titles
Nix Strudel und Weihnachtskekse
If you live in a village you could join up with the voluntary fire brigade or local church group as they all organise a lot of events to meet new people
I'm not into neat liquor, but it can be alright, and I know plenty of people who savour it
I dont know - I am from Southern Styria and feel no connection whatsoever to Bavaria
On top of it Noricum (the largest part of what would be roman austria) had a very amicable relationship with rome.
Pölten is also pretty well forgotten
I want to start off by saying I have never been to the USA but we learn a lot about it in school and on the news.
Aber auf Mohnflesserl ist das Salz gut
We have one political party most people hate
> What would a no-go zone be
Sounds very North German to me, like Lars or Ingo or Hugo
Geographically speaking, Finland is not located on the Scandinavian Peninsula
Gino that ingenious fucj
Lapio	FI
How many times will you be assaulted before anyone arrives?
I just saw a report about this.
But Finland still lost
So about 30% of (eligible) dutch Turks.
lol
But as the vote was the [vote] was so overwhelming in favor and supported by all major groups it's very likely this will pass
Luckily we find Cockta in the supermarket in Austria too
so even after the election is over you americans tell sanders supporters "you better support hillary or else..
Imho all Adaptions other than the older Anime are already really lacking, I really don't want to know what Disney would do to Heidi
in a supermarket
I myself haven't seen the movie but apparently many people I know watch it on Christmas Eve, i don't know why
> La vaca, en el caso de la hembra; o toro, en el caso del macho (Bos primigenius taurus), es un mamífero artiodáctilo de la familia de los bóvidos
Going to Christmas markets etc
Similarly, since brexit, the FPÖ denies ever having so much as hinted at leaving the EU.
Every valley/region has its own typical Tracht
Nothing is set in stone until it actually happens.
It's not like potato soup
And in Norway mellomleggspapir – a piece of bread sized paper, that you put in between sandwiches when you transport them
Deer do love to eat leaves from our fruit trees
good ol' impaling
There are only very few who actively pray to the Three Bethen or Wodan.
The story is apocryphical and never once mentioned in official documents
La Traviata - Libiamo ne' lieti calici
There was a case where a guy shot and killed an intruder through a closed door
[And yepp, Alaba has dark skin]
> Oberwart (hungarian: Felsőőr, croat: Borta, romani: Erba) is a city
Idk, we're pretty dense populated
Ehhhhhh
We shot everyone including teachers with water guns and got drunk
That‘d be perfect XD
I wouldn‘t even have thought of them
I mostly use maps for traffic related stuff (routes, public transport), and it seems to work very well in that area
&#x200B;
There must have been a chinese movie or TV show where somebody eats spare ribs in Vienna
&nbsp;
whatever the fuck that is, it's not the original lyrics
The whole lot of you
• Unless you are middle of the road smart and middle of the road ambitious, you’re screwed
If I want the joy of using language creatively and word play, I go and read authors that are good at that, or do it myself
for hallstatt itself maybe, but while you are there i'd recommend going there too:
Russia is culturally and historically a part of Europe.
Spanish – Viena
Imagine smth like The Life of Brian if it were presented as a serious drama
> The UK has a constitution
They almost always have a specific reason why they are what they are and that makes them rather unique imo
I have actually seen them as "Marillenknödel" on the manu in Saxony, close to the Czech border
The fact that they are banning people that have been to Crimea is ridiculous
Even though I know that it doesn't occur to the same extend I feel like this stereotypical jokes are somewhat mutual
While I did feel at home, I always felt a bit different
When I am in my car or on foot, most people on bicycles seem like idiots, running red lights, speeding in pedestrian areas, driving over pedestrian crossings
The grocery store doesn't move between states or cities)
It's the city with the best life quality in the world.
If you're referring to the city signs, that's really only an issue in Carinthia.
After Bavaria was given back to Henry the Proud's line and was therefore taken away from the Babenbergs again, Austria was elevated to the Duchy of Austria as compensation in 1156
Like 10 different types of milk, 200 different types of cereal, etc etc
It used to be ministry of war back during the k.u.k. times though
No, it definitely would have been different
Can confirm btw, the brown ones are the biggest cunts in our country too, if for slightly different reasons
it is but it means "Offene Aufbahrung"
The west has many different dialects and it can differ from valley to valley
I bet [this guy] disagrees
They were necessary of course, but not everyone agreed on that matter
* Greiner AG makes lots of stuff from plastic
I don't really identify with any of that, to be honest
The Grand Emperor Vittore I Gozzadini, chosen buy god and the Electors of the Holy Roman Empire.
Flying Flags really isn't a thing around here, so hardly anyone has a flagpole to fly one
I’d move to Bavaria and have the water right there
Can we now get back to something about Europe
Ours has an aquarium nowadays
) and my family doesn‘t really have contact with my aunts and uncles, since my mom is polish (and none of us, except my mom, can speak polish) and my one aunt on my dads side who lives in Austria lives in a different federal state had a big argument with my dad so now they stopped talking
It's the same thing like when you guys fine your bakeries if they don't bake gay wedding cakes.
Not in Germany
I like irish Lo-Fi Girl
a classic "Pest oder Cholera" situation
Etna or Fuji-san
Only UK and US went full retard
EU is a little comfort after being apart for so long.
>Liechtenstein
Du bist doch schon gegangen
You don't need to completely wipe out the enemy to make war cost prohibitive.
But it wasn't that common for a long time.
With the verb at the end of sentences, you're listening to someone and your brain is constantly like "Spit it out, what was Cindy doing to her dog
In particular, the Burschenschaften of the Burschenschaftlichen Gemeinschaft are politically often at the right edge of the student connections
I have been wanting to leave eversince I arrived and here I am  there are plenty of jobs here, payments are pretty decent and also social plans such as maternity and sick leaves and all those things are very well managed and as an employee you have many many rights
It's where Haydn worked, and his birth house is very close as well :) My mom works there, so I've pretty much grown up there
You know what you are getting with a Samsung Phone
Austria:
In Austria they really aren't rare
It was only changed last year, until then every kind of alcohol was legal at age 16 in Lower Austria, Burgenland and Vienna
To cite wikipedia on the Austria-Czech relation:
Probably to some extent, but there's free movement between us
But the Peace Treaties and general politics after WW2 forever entrenched the idea of Austrians being Austrians and not Germans
You're welcome
Yeah you are right, I think it's the pornographic depiction of it or something alike, or a certain degree of violence which is allowed in Austria but not ion Switzerland
There is no such thing as justified double standards.
The most likely one is probably just "A place in the East of the Realm", either generally the Imperial or specifically the Bavarian one
That makes sense
* Ich habe heute viele Bäume in Österreich gesehen
We always listen to it while having lunch
If anything that would be Zwarte Piet.
Nor Vienna
British history however I find fascinating
I see no reason why future Turkish generations can't do the same as well.
Considering that public opinion on cases like this is mostly formed by tabloids and not by the actual case file, including psych evaluations and hearing transcripts, I'm not surprised that this still gets debated a lot.
Hand 50 silver to a Czech character to have them displayed without clothes.
When influencers talk about a photo shoot in English they often call "a shooting" because for some reason we decided to incorrectly incorporate that word into our language
Probably didn't help that is stands right next to the imperial palace.
Yes minor fronts, but in the end these, the Atlantic wall, and so on bound forces
There is a difference between hating a person and voting for a party
Internal flight alternatives (most of Ukraine is no warzone) prevent this from happening.
All this in the atmosphere of an 'apres ski' hut, the scientifically proven worst place on earth aka covid shipping department
Luckily this all happened on a weekend, right
A marriage between first cousins.
If this should be the case between the two richtest political entities in the world is another question
I was quite surprised to learn that not every country does it
Maybe it's a local thing
It would be cool if people just accepted everybody's views
No holes yet, just an angelic smile and blonde locks
Soziale Kontakte einschränkten hod da Wastl gsogt
Did they chicken out in the last board meeting or what
But plugs work easily
And that the party that lead this dictatorship is in power now
I'm pretty sure that when you compare it to population those two have the best gold metal count for the winter olympics
The best life expectancies in Italy are in the North, thats Alpine climate
I don't think people really think everyone in Switzerland is rich for Swiss circumstances but compared to what people make in other countries
Not my parents but my grandma calls me "kara dana" which means dark/black bull in turkish because of my hair colour
Also, it is pointless trying to compare Brexit to a war.
Brexit and Indyref were "50/50" desicions, tho.
I can‘t really say if there is a lasting influence on my province now, except maybe a strange fixation on British English
Bring the other statues to London too
Uh what
Leberkässemmel
No, telemarketing thankfully is forbidden here.
Or if I go down the other side of the family, a farmer
Nowadays it's a special protected language, where it's taught in schools where the majority of the ancestors of those people live
No, I actually think it's a bad style
So, no, i'm not annoyed at all
Continents are kind of arbitrary in definition
Yeah lets take a handful of nations and unite them under one flag, but since i am austrian i can tell you that this empire isn't allowed to be ruled by just one nationality so we give every annexed nation seats in a shared government and make it more of a loose union
As opposed to new ketchup
Online, with card in the shops and in cash
I would say Slovenia -> sea access :D
but so many issues coming together in such a massive outbreak, feels like somebody has been pouring gasoline on the little flames to turn it into a huge firestorm
[this one] from syracuse
Seconds after greeting the other players in german
(Idk how many people know about this, I just love to say it because I love zoos that are able to support endangered species)
That is kind of a hilarious thought though
Rumsfeld said "Old Europe" and "New Europe" in his speech.
Oh absolutely
South of what
9 million votes for Hofer vs 2
this is brilliant
I consider myself left because I am pro gay marriage, pro secularism, pro business regulation, pro refugees (with strict rules, and no economic migrants) - just being on the left of the political spectrum doesn't mean I have to like Islam and its tenets.
[We have to deal with abominations like this]
We can't change the past anyway so let's look into the future.
In Linz (the 3rd biggest city in Austria) you can get a 90-100ish m² flat in nice condition, which is slighty more expensive than Vienna due to the freer housing market here :/
Teramo	FI
They would be pronounced differently?
Not if there has never been that kind of attack before the law was passed, which is what I understood the comment to mean
You can open it in a few seconds with a credit card or something similar
Whenever someone had a birthday, or a important project was finished, or whatever, the whole department got together for a few beers
Oh yeah, I totally not thought of Schartner Bombe even it was a favourite of mine as child
You're only allowed to vote in your country of residence  on a municipial level (in most cases), sometimes *I think* on a regional level (definitely no in Austria though) and in EU-elections
If you ever see women running around in a nijab (is that the right word ?) most of the time they are Chechens.
Not taking away your pensions and shit.
Haha I used to think the same about Vienna's old inner city buildings
He was not near that, but he spun a story that should make him look like the heroic surviver of a terror attack
Currently
Yeah his father's from Germany and he was born in Heidelberg
Many of them have the typical "Muslim beard" and hit the gym every day.
Which is a weird insult to be honest
You know that north and south tyrol don't like each other, wouldn't it be obvious then that the same is the case with upper and lower austria
Yeah there are a lot of origins of English in Nordic languages even tho they don’t necessarily mean the same thing
^^Deus ^^Vult
Ask Austrians about it
I love how Hungary sides with Austria on that one
Only he and his sister Paula made it to adolescent.
The alternative would be trusting the Soviets and letting them move army units to the German-Polish border like they wanted
The real question is wether you like my art or not
I mean
My uncle is a retired chef in Rome
and the teeth, they are like
Of course
"Don't pull the devil by the tail"
Of course Mossad/George Soros/(((the Jews)))
haha and I just wanted to post this [relevant introduction to the topic in german]
Ironic
You can buy it literally everywhere.
This would now create a border again, which around 50% of Northern Irelanders are going to be _really_ mad about
Ahahaha, let's just say it was a typo
Pre-Erdogan Turkey was (and in some respects still is) more progressive than some EU countries.
I worked in a restaurant that served it
I hope they implement that now.
I only know Kent from Assassin's Creed Valhalla, it was pronounced Cænt the time the game takes place
Midnight in Paris at least has a creative story and a good message (nostalgia is overrated; kinda ironic coming from Woody Allen, I know)
[Not surprising in a world, where Pepsi once had the 6th largest navy that included 17 submarines, a cruiser, a frigate, and a destroyer
It simply feels foreign and not like home
Many, all for different topics
Brave words for someone in crusading distance
It guarantees uneven pieces and messy hands and sometimes even a cut pizza
"I" being short for ich/I, "a" meaning "auch"/too, "ein"/a
Ah the old "BoJo maneuver". Very clever
Most closely BVT I'd guess (Bundesamt für Verfassungsschutz und Terrorismusbekämpfung) but calling them a spy agency is an overstatement.
Give me your money
Ever heard of mechanical efficiency
Sofia seems eerily similar to Vienna in terms of how the city "feels" like
(And I never thought about the fact that Dora The Explorer was existent in other countries, because I was a child and didn‘t think about what other countries do, so yeah ^ ^ “)
i was there 3 years ago, it was so nice there.
Same with locations like Ibiza and Bali, that are whole islands
You already can come without visa and are free to apply for the equivalent of a green card here.
A region that saw very different influences and in which very difficult nation forming happened in the 19th and 20th century
Also, I don‘t have any people that are at risk in my family ~~andmydadtoldmehewouldn‘tcareifIdiedbecauseofthevirusbecauseIwould‘vediedanywaysoIdon‘tcareeither~~
You can look at people while pretending to look out of the window
I mean, you weren't entirely wrong
Used QUERTZ until I moved to the US
I‘m really not sure, but ever since I got to do it like twice or thrice I‘ve never seen,m or heard of it again and since I was young it slowly vanished from my memory
a (short for "ein" or "auch") which is "a" or "too" in English
Blunzn is slightly more intense than wurscht (both IRL, the taste, as well as metaphorically the degree of not caring)
The 2D courses (as far as I know) are so selective that they normally also fall into that category.
The most German town of east Germany: Warschau
Er wurde eingeswitschert
Even when Prussia had all of Germany behind them Bismarck realized that.
put all these stuff away
We have to pay as well in Austria!
($97 per capita) The fund of the Marshall Plan still exists.
Frugals really are confident idiots
Interessant
Only UK and 1-2 other countries do it otherwise
Especially his choice of party, because I really believe he‘s homophobic and yeah, I‘m in the closet
Still barbaric
I have never seen anything like it in Brazil
like Euronews but public service instead of private?
Have you seen 'the Lighthouse'? It's a 'the Shining'-esque but not in the way 'Joker' is 'Taxi driver'-esque, imo it's the best film of 2019 (of the ones I've seen)
13th/14th month of salary (with additional tax benefit)
You can say that, but he basically insulted her country, her mother and her home
Around 13/14 or so each of us decided we were grown and wanted to sit at the adults' table, only to quickly regret as we grew bored
Austrian identity is a thing that only really started after WW2, when we had to distinguish ourselves from the Germans
I would tell you that it wasnt coffee but a caffeinated hot drink :P but yeah, fun error :D
I think she was less amused
Being a tourist in the US doesn't help at all in finding out how prevelant that behaviour is in real families (or just a movie trope)
>It's still a sore point for us Austrians filled with nostalgia and not wanting to let go
The Hirtshals (DK) - Kristiansand (N) ferry traject was closed soon with the opening of the Öresund and Stoerebaelt crossings
Not Quite
because the question has probably been asked before.
See the upper lip
The problem with sauce is losing the crisp puff breading from the schnitzel
Which kept the Swedes from being invaded and getting their cities turned to rubble themselves
However, I usually don't eat breakfast, so it's mostly just dinner (I usually just a "Jause" instead of a full-blown meal) and Fridays, Saturdays and Sundays
Well, let me guess
That sounds like Alkomat, the thing you blow inside when they suspect you've been drunk driving
It's basically like the second anthem
I wasn't being a smartass, I geniuly wonderd if I understood you right because the answer to "who lost WWII (in Europe)" would be "GERMANY!" in 90 out of a 100 cases.
Sad but true
I also never heard it in German
Alright which countries could it be.
Taviano	IT
Yep, along the danube, especially in the Wachau
* Group D: England, Croatia, Play-off winner C, Czech Republic
But since there is also a leberkas pepi in linz I don't think I would ever even think about going to KFC
only as a joke
In former eastern block countries you used to be able to get by with German and Russian but with younger people it's just English
He spent about a year in a camp in Belgium where he had to dismantle military vehicles
if they killed the entire village for one guy hiding a jew then they probably should have killed every pole in the country.
Saturation
An Austrian that likes neither skiing nor soccer
I would like to say hc strache but then he might go to germany and history showed that that would be a mistake
And this term was very different compared to now.
And people now actually start to pronounce it as "of".
Doesn't mean they're the only ones though.
You can spot them because they're wearing sandals with socks and carry a towel everywhere
And even for the standards of his time a rabid one
I think /u/manInTheWoods was referring to the Rote Armee Fraktion, a leftwing terror group, who killed more than 30 people in Germany.
Because puberty is a bitch, and parents suck
You've been banned from /r/aeiou
Hofer didn't win in Austria, Wilders party came second in the Netherlands, Le Pen lost in France
I have never voted for a lesser evil and I have never regretted a vote
When we stayed at my grandmother's house for a couple days because my parents were away, she would actually try to make pizza just to make us happy.
Compare that to germania that they very much wanted
You can vote with 16 in Austria, that's pretty goood
I don‘t want to start a fight, but I‘m surprised you say that, considering you‘re German
I generally have a problem with subs that have an air of self righteousness about them like atheism or all political subs.
Which armies are you talking about
Countries with "North" "South" and "New" are translated as well (South Sudan-Südsudan, New Zealand-Neuseeland, Northern Ireland-Nordirland, North Macedonia-Nordmazedonien)
wow
He also had to secure his lands against internal dissension, and as such reduced the fortress of [Melk] that was still controlled by supporters of the old margrave Burkhard, and subsequently made it his new residence
Du bist ja no jung ;)
Austrian and Czech gun laws are pretty liberal
I think you could ask us austrians how well assasinating a high ranking official goes
You can keep your Tüte
I sometimes see people saying "Wiederschauen", which means as much as "Goodbye", to the busdriver, when exiting through the front door
ACHTUNG SCHIMMEL
There's also A LOT of people who believe HC Strache and Gudenus were not drunk in the Ibiza video, but they were drugged and somehow led to say all those things, totally not their fault
This is the real "common misconception"here: Austria never attempted to convince the world of either
Holy shit
[Here's an example of him speaking]
Well, between that, Jobbik and Fidesz
He pretty much just got a "You're a big cunt" card.
Edit: since the 1960s it has been criticised for being racist and parts of the book have been changed
And as for macron :
Maybe they had a few too many interwar fighters
I think the original Viennese dialect sounds very much like my own dialect from Upper Austria.
> Because these two have the furthest from being connected
Tu con tantas curvas y yo sin frenos
The county of Tyrol is very touristic, the valley where I live, the Zillertal (Zillervalley) alone had 4,5 million nights spend in winter 2015/2016
Latin transcriptions for those who can't read Cyrillic:
It's the same with our right wing party
I had no idea lol just the other day I wondered how fucked I'd be in an emergency bc I've been watching too much US TV and my mind immediately goes to 911 while my brain is also eternally confused which number is for which emergency service in Austria
Not fair, you are going to get so much Karma now
Instead, the Police prevented the Parliament from reassembling and dealing with it and Dolfuß and pals use the opportunity for a coup
And here I was thinking that that was cocaine.
They would be stupid to ever leave Italy with that juicy deal they got.
Breaking the streak for the first time
They drag us down with them
I played it with 'schwarzer man' 10 years ago
>	Zhdanov held that Germany was taken up with war against Britain and incapable of fighting on two fronts
But they failed due to popular support of the channel
That time when the Ibiza scandal was made public though :D
C'mon people, it looks horrible and it is not that hard
That he didn't completely mess up during summer let the people forget why they were voting Hofer in the first place.
Limiting access to art schools
But you hear much more about Germany than about Italy, for example
The west galician law was the dry run for the ABGB.
It's a huge rennaissance, baroque and historicist palace complex, but at its core there is a medieval castle, that originally had very much the purpose of a military fortification
Personally, I thought it was very boring
What has a concentration camp to do with European culture
I like the simplicity of our flag, also it's the oldest in the world (if you count in and exclude the fitting factors) and has a "funny" origin story.
They knew Russia would never give up Crimea, yet they pushed for a "change".
*looks at Finland* are you even for real, mate
>yes, for me too
The University of Vienna is officially called *Alma Mater Rudolphina Vindobonensis*.
Both for hygienic reasons as well as safety reasons (think of aggressive patients trying to rip them off etc
In my own city, Innsbruck, I've seen plenty of people losing lots of their normal dialectal vocabulary.
It's a very specific term
How should I know
But Communism is not liberal at all
And one of our favorite past times is sit down with friends and have a mug of beer
that because its mostly old conservative men in charge.
This castle and church are standing to this day
I drank too much of it and now it disgusts me
** at home, going out for dinner normally means that we'll stay at the restaurant after dinner, have a drink, talk and in general have a good time
Other than that: Dutch
they're a weird choice for breakfast when you're used to muesli with milk
"If you are an EU national, you do not need to show your national ID card or passport when you are travelling from one border-free Schengen EU country to another
They are made of debris from the ruins (cheap material found on the streets back then) and would sometimes have huge junks falling out
The Third Man is an absolute gem and uses accurate Viennese music
maybe they had combat training...usually the soldier wear the weapons frontally then.
With those languages you are ready for France, Germany, Belgium, Austria and Switzerland
Not in a modern war against somewhat equal opponents.
How big would the number have to be to make the increase of rapes okay?
And besides that, most mandatory vaccinations are targeted at children who cannot decide for themselves anyways
After looking into the offer more closely I found something that lead me to not pick flatex:
I think most people are grateful about that ;)
As fast as possible
[Relevant documentary] about the stray cats in Rome.
And dark, dirty, gross af so everybody backs off
Ischgl intensifies
#Opinion_polling Last poll doesn't seem like it.
If you don‘t manually lock the door, it isn‘t really locked
Edit: /s
So there are already quite well established cases in which the EU treats citizens of countries that offer visa free entry worse then EU citizens get treated by them
Nope
However if you don't make that association you could imagine a different country than there actually is :)
I don't trust them, they could certainly find some excuse to access that data
The beer was great, the guys were funs after a few of them and the girls ... well thats another story
How harsh could that sentence be for someone to literally hang themselves
Why would anyone who's not Slovenian speak this language
I mean, you could have said: "but still in the EU internal market". It was a bit vague
It's the same in Austria, Belgium, Sweden, the Netherlands, or Mexico
And nevertheless is my „remote place“ less than an hour from the German border in a valley with 40
But our system may be different than yours
"kleindeutsche Lösung" and the year 1848
so glad we have none of that shite
Baden is also a region in germany and a city in Austria
Soooo I guess we all now need to find copyrighted material in state-funded media and sue them for copyright infringement
Same goes for the Italian peninsula
You are still confusing EU and EU member states.
"trolling" is not sending bombs to people.
from your username I guess you’re spanish
Verlängerter, Espresso, Kleiner Brauner, Melange,...
The other guy is a young, smug guy with a permanent smirk, aggressive and utterly destructive nlp rhetorics, roots in the german national scene and good connections to the extreme right wing.
Just the Germans that are controlling us
Northern Germany might just be more like the Netherlands
It is one of the most defiant words I know and is often used by fighting kids
Yeah, the other half goes on other kinds of vacation
Including the proper version of english.
And if Mozart is German because hes a HRE citizen then so are all Bohemians and Moravians xD
Wrong word choices and phrasing leads to unfortunate implications.
The Zillertal
I couldnt think of one dangerous place
They also speak German in liechtenstein and the northern part of Italy
No wonder that your country goes down the drain if you all have that attitude towards learning.
I just thought, sure if he insists
open the "o"
Once you get over the weird spelling rules [(orthography)] I guess it's not too hard
And i'm surprised that your wiener schnitzel is actually made out of veil'isch meat
It was made during ww2 to the ammunition  dry, but the soldiers realized they could fix jeeps and everything with it
Well, then why should you have both instead
If you go off road, the alps, but ither than that you'll topically see a smaller farming village every few minutes
There is a tourism card (Kärnten Card) which is very cheap and with that you can use all mountain cableways and a lot of other stuff.
We're sharing borders with 8 countries, which is the closest
Last year a conservative MP interjected: "You're not in Bosnia, we have rules here
victim blaming, conspiracy theories, etc.
I thought of exactly the same picture
But imho that's petty because "Stein" is a common name part of mountain/hill castle in real life
Definitely not cashier and the like
Differs from country to country, some even require a spare set of headlight lamps.
Born in Graz, the altstadt was UNESCO recognised and still has plenty of old buildings/walls/etc even with the constant fighting of the Turks and Napoleon and so on.
Science can imagine a lot
Thank you Turkey for introducing coffee to Vienna, even if that wasn't the plan
(death statistics are from 2016, smoking statistics are from 2015)
It´s not like in the US where they make such a fuss about the flag
Really hard to do when there is no legal basis.
The definition of nation has changed many times,  and even today there is no one clear-cut defintion
Looking up and down my street at the moment and there are only two windows that aren't like these and that house looks like it will be torn down soon
The closer to the equator the better.
I wonder
But everybody who owns a pair of skis probably knows them
Its just that the rest of austria is more rural and even in the next biggest cities the people are a lot closer so the big city feels a bit distant from the rest
This is why some countries in Central Europe have better Covid-19 recovery rates
Besonders dass die SPÖ die Weitsicht hatte, sich nicht an die KPÖ anzunähern, hat uns da vermutlich den stalinistischen Terror und eine Teilung des Staates wie in Deutschland erspart
We have a pretty big Bulgarian minority in Vienna anyway
(I'd add the Germanic language closest to German, namely Yiddish, [but I don't know how to read Hebrew letters]
I think the situation is pretty unique in Austria - almost no other country seems to handle it like this.
In German you are so used seeing it as one unit, one sound
(last election: 16,2%, 31/183 seats, they kicked out one of their MPs at the start of the term
Fun fact: i spoke to a farmer because i'd noticed a burnt spot on one of the meadows high up and he just casually said "yeah a cow took a fall and we had to burn it right there
Austria is older than Germany :p
In the German version, everybody speaks standard German, but Mr Krabs has a very northern German way of talking
My guess is this wasn't an organized terrorist group attack but it is too early to say for sure until we get more details.
The way some farmers treat "Häuslleut" is more akin to nobles treating their lessers than anything else
They do, but much less than Austrian shops
I know China also has a space program because it's featured in The Martian movie/book
In Kanada steigt das Interresse an Mennoniten Plattdeutsch besonders unter den Nachkommen der 1870er Russland - Kanada Ansiedler mittlerweile wieder an
Whenever I read about some place somewhere that forces employees to ruin perfectly good food out of nothing but greed it turns my stomach, it's so saddening and angering and absolutely pure complete evil
Why
Then, in 1923 the greek-turkish war happend and the relationship between these groups got even worse
CUIDADO EL CABALLO BLANCO
Graphs like this are useless without knowing whether testing has increased at the same pace as confirmed cases or not
For most people it is more like teasing your sibling
Famous for not starting any World Wars and Beethoven
A lot
Here everyone is complaining about the ORF and everyone says that all the shows and films are of poor quality and boring.
1) It's beautiful so please stay
TIL European Parliament is no parliament.
Guess which one has an easier time growing.
Child workers in coal mines once were legal just as well
as long as they don't offer to massage your neck and shoulders while you're standing at the urinal like in SEA
Their children will never learn those words from them even though they're the most basic words.
My wife is Austrian and all of her family lives here
It's been months since I've read it.
Not like like the west, which gobbles up one member of the former Soviet Union after the other since its fall.
If you tell people from my area they are speaking Bavarian they'll be laughing their ass off
Also many many small things add to this personal feeling
Its a form of self-definition there, so I personally give it a pass.
A hammered dude with questionable style getting way too close to a chick for her comfort
Ts ts ts
Is- is one of her names really Tanpon in French or is that a typo
"Good morning Europe" - a Russian dude
interesting, this is *exactly* how it is here, down to all your points of criticism
* A region named Ostarrichi existed probably since 976
It was right away taken by Napoleon two times btw
Never met anyone without an accent though
Now go to sleep lower styria
The Balkans is where two big christian churches clashed with Islam, where Empires and nations influenced by western, eastern European and the muslim world met and mixed
Yeah, what the heck is this even?
It's *kinda* informal, but not too bad
How many Threedeckers are ready?
Taste is absolutely subjective
I'm Krapfen
Ah okay
They have the Steyr AUG A3 in 5,56×45 NATO
Early American English sounding a lot more like British English and then it started to change because of the large distance between them and stuff
syphilis and rising firewood prices killed them off.
Yeah all the time
here they have 2.5 - 3 months to grow, in kaleefornia they have trees that never die.
And in the alphabet A and H aren‘t really similarly, maybe a lil bit, and in words not at all
Ok u/HungryAndHornySlut
I just thought about adding the impish comment that the only thing wrong with his plan is that Vienna is nowhere to be found in it (I am Viennese myself) - am glad now that there are already comment from "foreigners" who are of the same opinion.
Did you get on the train
Even though they fought for the Nazis
In 20 years $36
ITT: People only reading the headline and not knowing how the EU works
I've never even brought up refugees, that was you.
The same guy's party constantly being tangled up in neo-nazi shenanigans
( You, lucky Austria, marry
In which case you would be right - that would be like saying “people from Bavaria can apply to ESTA - people from Berlin can’t”
can also be used and have the same meaning
"If Europe continues this way, no European in any part of the world can walk safely on the streets.
It can be understood through tough thorough thought, though.
Did you know that Brno is the Czech transkription of Brünn which was the original German name
A point you will often find is that Caligula broke with the Augustinian fiction of the emperor being a kind of primus inter pares who derived his authority from the senate.
Basically [free market capitalism]
However, the president is expected to never use those powers except for emergency situations
Griasdi (greet you - informal) and Grüßgott (Greet god - formal)
But as I said that has strict criteria.
Day after tomorrow (26 OCT) is Austria's National Day.
Then they move on
In super rural areas people will greet you as they walk past you - It always takes me by surprise :D
But to each his own I guess ;)
I guess they are hardly known outside Austria, can't imagine they translate very well and are too "Austrian" for Germany
You said „cultural heritage“ and Auschwitz is not a cultural heritage of Europe because our culture doesn’t include gassing people to their fucking death
The EU would have to invest in some way, so that being bought isn't always the best solution for every new company.
-Austria
Ah the old "BoJo maneuver". Very clever
Erdgeschoß, Halbparterre, Hochparterre, Mezzanin, Erster Stock – or, as other countries would call it, fifth floor
You mean [Pofesen]
So maybe the curriculum has changed since then, but during my school days the Scandinavian countries were only mentioned in passing
10°C is "ok, time to put on a shirt" weather in the nordic countries I assume
Obviously uuhm Venezuela, Serbia, North Korea and Syria.
And I live 25km away from it
> Esperanza Aguirre made sure nobody took her seriously while she consolidated her power
It´s not like we are still bitter at those bloody Saupreißn (Prussians/Germans) because of losing the battle Königgrätz
Stand on the left side of an escalator
Same here, plus this feeling of home that many here described
Omg thank you
Ketchup, mayonnaise, mustard, sweet and sour, I don't give a damn
Yes, please keep the swiss and exchange us.
We can make a tri-stand and see which side has more customers
The problem with the government is that it's made up of politicians.
Kaisergruft
And no, we don't all ski to our schools or jobs everyday
Damn I'm so jealous about you Danes.
[Iceland Is Growing New Forests for the First Time in 1,000 Years | Short Film Showcase]
I remember that time
I feel so appreciated right now
To the rhythm of the boogie, the beat
Except on those days when wine>beer
And if their son is 18 he might also have to drive to work
Especially the more 'alternative' ones.
You should create a sub for it to organize yourself
Most of them are tbh
Wait, what
I was guessing it might be "megameter" but I'd never heard of that
If we wouldn't aid and defend you in such a case, the whole project would face a tremendous crisis of credibility and no sane person wants such a blow.
interesting, this is *exactly* how it is here, down to all your points of criticism
That is really, really funny
>But they're the friendliest and most hard working people I've met
Almost every week there's a huge news story about a big fight between Afghans and Chechens.
If you are working full-time this would often mean no warm meals during the week
There are a bunch of other smaller villages along lakes throughout that region that while touristy, don’t feel over run
Carpatho-Alpine-America plain climax sounds like something that results from being *really* freaky.
Since austria is austria and the countriside shits on everything vienna says if it thinks it is stupid it is somewhat legal in some places
Glock 9mm
Easy mistake to make
Is it because he "ended" the HRR
Its nice you can read allemanic, but I have had a lot of trouble with it
If someone has a problem with Frankreich, he has a problem with me
"Das österreichische Wörterbuch". It is distinct in that it uses Austrian words and gramatical versions that are unique to Austria
Traffic Planing and Management usually sucks, the city centers are not made for Car Traffic
It's not so easy to judge from another country.
Yeah, I heard that and am indeed talking about the actual climate.
What
yeah
Which is quite fitting tbh
Not trying to hinder your search, but it might also be a British thing
Here in Austria both are pronounced literally the same
It is awfully quiet at almost any time, the nightlife closes early and is mostly a let-down, and getting in in any social circle almost always requires some kind of pedigree from you
E.g. on election day
And frankly having to explain that to a Russian is a little ridiculous.
3-6 depending on the season
Entertainment Propaganda works
And the biggest problem in my opinion is that Africa is often seen as one country, one culture, which has been stated several times by other people in the comments
Also, thanks for having a cheap Airport in close proximity (BTS)
Some fascist who wanted to get into power but drank to much and died in a car accident
I hope that makes sense haha
It's so close, I can even drive over the border with my bike
One of the biggest problems city developers face is how they have to build around ancient ruins when they want to build new stuff, especially in the center
I don't know a lot about it
Serbs in bosnia exist because Serbs fleeing Ottomans migrated to Bosnia slowly, and started to gain numbers.
And if a position don't have much concentrated power on one person it is alright to get reelected as often as you want since you can't really abuse the power.
"\[...\]  to secure the deal recently promised by Trump and Ursula von der Leyen, the European Commission president
I'm currently looking for roommates (via online platforms and groups) and I try to find out basic information about them if they don't write much about themselves in their advertisement
Well you're welcome to become my neighbor ;)
I guess there was also the only time it was also directed at the people itself than the goverment because of the, for us, overly patriotic support of the war.
Well, there are towns with three to four official names
A dialect I and barely anybody I know understands: Vorarlberger dialect
Are there any official communication channels from the EU commission, that give details about what that deal will most likely include, or what has been negotiated so far
Freyung
2 or 3 of my favourite Freitag bags, Kaweco travel pen, notebook, kindle, the watch my husband gave me, favourite lipstick, favourite earrings, cinnamon mints
AFAIK the stance on privacy in Slovakia is that as long as it can be observed from a publicly accessible location, then it is not protected by privacy law.
Switzerland: you've got direct democracy dialed
You are deliberately acting innocent and dumb.
Salo	FI
Schnitzelsemmel
Depending on the social circle: very common even among friends
come on, Wehrpflicht in case of Hochwasser
Also the largest roundabouts
Reminds me of massages in SEA
Can't tolerate the intolerant anymore.
Okay, thanks for the answer
Schweißausbruch vs
Looks cool though
15mins on the bus and then 35mins on the train (alternatively: 35mins in 2 Metros) finished by a 10min walk
joy, you beautifull god-spark, daugther from elysium.
While not entirely related, how does this fit in with the recent report by the German BND?
Heute gestohlen, morgen in Polen
America is 45
This so much
Van der Bellen is clearly the better choice
You don't even need Spanish language with that
Apparently someone forgot about Austria.
Otherwise my favorite place for skiing is Bad Kleinkirchheim
The polish theater showed polish stuff
You could check out these movies:
Christoph Waltz explained it in 2013: ;)
In Styria we have a community called Grossklein (bigsmall), right next to it there's a community called Kleinklein (smallsmall)
One was way too young, since he was born in 1937
>but just burning wood without any filter can't be that good for mother nature
Chinese tourist groups and travel agencies often request restaurant in Vienna to serve spare ribs
With those languages you are ready for France, Germany, Belgium, Austria and Switzerland
remind me please was that a comedy
If there's not enough space around the main table, yes
If you like details so much, you shouldn't forget that Hitler lost his austrian citizenship in 1914 when he went to WWI for Germany
teacher". Anything else would be super weird or rude
England has no history of defending against foreign forces?
How many western states have opening prayers in sessions of parts of the government
Our english teacher once told us when she visited  the U.S (20years ago) they wouldn't believe her we had washing machines over here
The Netherlands have access to the ocean for offshore wind power and they could use biomass too
Alcohol: Incredibly easy as soon as you turn 16.
Another time an american family from Minnesota asked if they could share a table at a beergarden
And we have some really nice towns here too in Austria
calling the DACH region to report in: /r/de
But the general level of redistributing whealth is just about right
>\[...\]  to secure the deal recently promised by Trump and Ursula von der Leyen, the European Commission president
I am very happy about being born here and I value the opportunities that were offered to me highly
And there has never been a crime or attack comitted with a legal magazine that has now been banned
I have been traveling a lot in Romania with their trains and haven't seen anything like this - they were clean, on time and more or less comfy.
A city you only visit to die there
Sometimes I'll watch Swiss TV just to hear their commercials.
> Ich frage mich wirklich, welche sehr komplizierten Prozesse in seinem Gehirn passiert sind, dass er auf diese Theorie gekommen ist
It's an angelic looking toddler actually
i was just saying that "NGO hedge pension fund" is not a thing :)
I know it's unpopular, but I think we should also have taxes on import products from countries with unethical working conditions (China)
Merely a handful of people who think conflicting opinion equals poor quality.
We started two world wars
People don't forget who you are
The point is that in German verb forms like "have gone" can be split apart by any number of  dependent clauses
Objective 3: defend yourself against the members of the hc-ss
Really appreciated the relatively consistent measures that Sweden had, spent the first half of the pandemic (so far) there
How many people really have air con installed in their flats and houses
I see no reason why it shpuld be restricted with drones.
As sad as it is but thats not true
I don't mind
r/rimjobsteve
Maybe just replace the food with strudel and schnitzel.
Also the [Lassing mining disaster]
- Suriname
However, I could not figure out whether this is actually some kind of total market index.
"Us vs Them" type anthems are the best
I laughed about the 'not safe for Americans' tag :D
The latin Auster for Southern land and terra australis for „Southern land“ Australia is a coincidence
Aaww really
Yes, a savings account would be a good choice for an emergency fund.
We have to keep and maintaining them according to our state treaty
I took a look at the source, and the reason there appear to be so surprisinly many languages in each country is because big dialect groups are considered separate languages.
Hungary and Austria are quite similar in that regard that a huge percentage of people are living in the capitol (20+%) which is very uncommon afaik
I remembered that when I read your post
And teachers for some reason
The most important question is if a majority of Austrians really wanted the annexation or not
They didn't even let non-american flights queue up for immigration lines: "US citizens only" they said, unable to respond to my "how long do we have to wait" question
Why not
I took Ancient Greek in gymnasium and it was definitely my favorite subject, it was as intense as Latin though
This let to them slowly drifting apart, even though relations had before been pretty close and peaceful
You can but you risk not being taken seriously.
I dread the possibility of Sanders winning and media outlets announcing the US to be a "socialist" country now
If there are enough kids to justify an extra table, it's common
Our foreign minister wants strong EU borders.
Well i don't follow football but i cheered for England while i was in England
I think it depends
usually by incorporating regions into the country after the language has been standardized or by phasing out letters in the alphabet, but people still using it for a while before it vanishes (like umlaut e in german or all umlaute in english).
Obviously it depends on the context
It's going on since SOPA in
That’s so ridiculous even you had to laugh at that argument right ?
Krkrk: Tyrolleans pronounce words like Innsbruck or lecker with a "kr". Innsbruckrr, leckrrr, etc
The best tap water I ever had was somewhere in the Scottish highlands
As with many Wiki languages, the whole Internet, and all other media, you'll find plenty of bias and lies
Unless you're disabled you can easily just not use a straw at all
Yes
LPT: Don't try to use it in tea
As long as they are well done and not politicised channels like that can be extremely valuable as they are free from having to carter to the lowest common denominator the whole time.
yeah, the video forgot to mention that we are the most positive and heartwarming people on earth.
That is the definition of helping.
They have polled first for every election in the last 20 years.
But also bis family is in Russia.
If you use urinals at a public bathroom odds are the dirtiest thing you're going to touch is the tap in the bathroom.
They probably started the habit to go to duty free shops between the countries and now that there is no border keep on driving to the next slovakian store
*argues how Austria is actually the heir of the Roman empire because of Habsburg and stuff*
I'm living in Austria and [flatex] seems to be one of the cheapest online broker that's available here.
Yes it's super touristic but there are still (lots of) some people who don't speak English.
I had a lot of solidarity for Greece until the moment they started to calling the germans nazis for not giving them money.
Thats it
I hope you will find another reason to visit it again although i wouldn't put too much faith in the LASK
Got its name for three important(?) places with "Burg" in their name, all of which are in Hungary and not a part of Burgenland
There's a dialect of German that is orphaned and dying in central Texas.(BBC Article with video)
It is way too expensive for sites like Imgur to either manually or automatically review every single one of their uploads for any copyright infringements
We blocked the entrance to the school parking lot with a boulder somebody brought with a tractor
Worked for Vienna, now if the old-fashioned western parts of our country could step up and build more communal housing that'd be grand.
Heast Gschissana schleich di...
Interesting, the way you use it, it nearly sounds like the meaning could be defined as "vorbeigehen, vorbeischauen bei". Eventuell noch wie "zur Hand gehen"?
Parts of the Alps and a few smaller national parks
France: as much as i'm sometimes taken aback by it, i also admire the pride you take in being French
In Austria, i‘d say they are all pretty equal
On a national level you still vote in the country you're a citizen in, not your country of residence
EU Parlament can't introduce laws
"The major problem—*one* of the major problems, for there are several—one of the many major problems with governing people is that of whom you get to do it; or rather of who manages to get people to let them do it to them
When you sign a contract in France you are already the owner of whatever the contract is about.
It's like watching someone setting their house ever so slightly on fire
But it really saddens and pisses me off at the same time if a person who was born here with immigrant parents considers the country where the parents are from "more" part of their nationality than the place they were born and grew up in.
I don't know if there is a limit, looks like it's more than my family typical needs
Would be bad for business if they didn't, since that can affect the price quiet harshly.
Sackerl is a classic, one of the first words every Germanspeaker from outside learns when they move to Austria
If I want the joy of using language creatively and word play, I go and read authors that are good at that, or do it myself
Hungarians (and czechs, slovakians and croats, tough not slovenians) are our national bros
Yes, I think people should prove they are still able to drive every 5 year after retirement
Sure, vaccinations are great
Pretty much all music from Beethoven
Yes, you moved it out of Vienna - but only by one mile
No it is not, i comes from Jimmy Here's vine
They feed greece money in exchange for a say in their budget policies etc.
For now I would leave them in the bank and not do anything risky right now.
Interessant
There actually is A LOT of austrian history in the interwar period that is often forgotten because of WW2
there will always be people who disagree with you.
) and my family doesn‘t really have contact with my aunts and uncles, since my mom is polish (and none of us, except my mom, can speak polish) and my one aunt on my dads side who lives in Austria lives in a different federal state had a big argument with my dad so now they stopped talking
I don't want anybody else, when I think about you I touch myself oooh
all three ETFs are weiß (I've found all of them on www.profitweb.at)
Of course we're doing way worse than everyone else !1!1!!
Good job
Love it
The SPÖ is not that dumb, of course ;)
Get potato dough package from store, take core out of apricots (and if you are a grandma replace with a cube of sugar for that extra sweetness kick), make potato dough as per packaging and wrap apricots in it, boil as per packaging
When someone in Austria asks me I feel Viennese
You get to oppress the Ukrainians, we won't try to assimilate anyone and you'll support us in return
I wish the article contained more information about what they were suggesting as alternate words
I would not bring it up, or confront you with the results, though (unless something very out of the ordinary came up)
It doesn't count if you only do it once, it's a best of 3
over here, it sadly devolved into just getting drunk at school and trashing the place, and in some places has been forbidden for that reason
Today there is a fixed date its celebrated on, I think its September 29th
Die Ähnlichkeit mit dem lateinischen Auster für „Südwind“ und terra australis für das „Südland“ Australien ist zufällig
The way IRA car bombings *usually* worked is someone would call in and issue a warning, the police would clear the area and wait for the bomb to explode
Afaik the original version is "everyone who doesn't jump is a Jew" which goes back to at least the 1960s, if not
And i assume they spoke Standard german with you?
So not very good
Most important feature might be a bell and lights if you also ride in winter
He was a volunteer of one of the most prolific organisations in modern human history, well known for its actions even at the time.
yes, for when you have to exit your car in dangerous spots like a highway so you don't get hit by nearing traffic
I'm not even viennese and I've been to a lot of those places
There are some inconsistencies, but no huge surprises
Also the private universities have a reputation of buying yourself a degree when you can't make it into public university
•North America
It would be awesome to have a Disney movie with artwork inspired by the Ivan Bilibin illustrations of Russian folktales
sometimes I imagine the Norwegian guy invading England had is dictionary completely f up
Instead they erected a giant fence across half of Europe, from which no former Warsaw Pact country has completely recovered from yet, and then completely turned on each other
It surely has downsides, but on the other hand I think it's also nice because you can get out of the city and have a lot of nature
Cricles of friends there were very mixed
While there are a lot of people thinking the same and visit because they think its currently not as crowded, even if you hit the worst peak there probably are less people there than any day the last few years
A quick google gives indications that it is around 1% of the whole UK population that is trans/confused/whatever you want to call it.
Deshalb rennt er mit ner Kornblume herum :\^)
Das ist schön (und amüsant) zu hören, aber wenn man es sich recht überlegt auch nicht allzu überraschend
It's the Same with The pigeons when they know they got food there they will become more and more and shit everywhere.
I've found that portuguese people often have these dark areas around their eyes, making them look a bit tired/older than they actually are
How much is 0
Made me feel ill
Sometimes it‘s really funny
Where is "here"? I'm not seeing a link
If your accent happens to be anything that isn‘t a german accent there‘s a 99% chance I won‘t understand you because I‘m pretty stupid
And they are free to do so, last time I checked Hungary is still in the EU.
AFAIK it comes from the Germanic word for Romans
Another nice example is schwul (gay) and schwül (humid)
(I am pretty sure Putin is by far no Boy Scout, but what argument is that
Sweden: i couldn't afford to furnish my home if it wasn't for you guys
60% is astonishing to me already, to be honest.
1 pay roughly 10c/m³
These shirts are literally made with randomizers
Das sind regionale Unterschiede
Austrians were austrian and not german
Yea I know
Dutch and Luxembourgian would be two of them
I feel the same everytime I go to Croatia.
They are even talking about banning all travel in/out of the most infected areas (mostly vienna, graz and innsbruck)
No, but actually he has 4 discontinued university careers (history, philosophy, journalism and political sciences) and he likes horses (instead of German shepherds)
Well tbf the mess that brexit is helped boost opinion of eu in most countries
France doesn't come close to the internal power Germany has in the EU
Wait ...
I'm happy that they do not have military bases in my country.
And also GMX is still quite popular in Austria and Germany
We work together and not against each other.
0 million for VdB
Drum grüß' ich dich mein Badner Land...
It was a bit unnecessary though as there was already an old one whete the kept the place and people names
actually, quotation marks are always quotation marks, and the ones used to just quote are also the ones used to *ironically* quote something
Most people would be worried that stagnant water in the fridge-pipes would be unsafe, and water comes with perfect drinking-temperature from the tab anyway
Der Nutella obviously
Therefore, they resent to disruptions, such as the"political persecution"-argument here.
I don't mean ladyfingers artfully dunked into coffee and slathered with mascarpone
the smell of freshly baked dark bread or a glass of milk directly from the cow
Mountain kraut, lol
whats the squeezed ball above Moldova
Then in 1974 Greek militia tried to overthrow the government and join Greece
In German, Kuvert means envelope too
Well the Führer would luckily be devasted if he'd walk through one of the parks/franckviertel/the trainstation but i guess this changed more since 2015
He did nazi that coming
Fitting
A federal form would be the most stable in my opinion and in the long run stability always wins because that's what people want.
> Only UK and 1-2 other countries do it otherwise
We tend to characterize it as "relationships before rules".
When I'm in Europe I'm just Austrian but outside of Europe I feel more European if that makes sense.
Also some rural areas are quite wealthy due to tourism
Austria - our thunbergistans are only going to be part of parliament again after the next vote
This is SO wrong
Get some Belgian towels instead and swap them with them
(Not sure if he‘s as known because well, everyone around here knows Mozart and knowing his biggest enemy is kinda - well - a given too)
Our kangaroos for our people
In Austria, English songs dominate the charts by a lot.
(WWll is in most schools a really big subject in 8th grade
The Heinz one from the pic is ketchup and mustard and vinegar:
Why the hell would anyone do something like that
The way they lisp the s's, swallow the d's and labialize the v's... so fast and rolling and fluid, yet soft
"\[...\]  to secure the deal recently promised by Trump and Ursula von der Leyen, the European Commission president
Why would you want a snack in the before the main meal of the day
^^^^butseriouslyIloveSlovenia
Österreich-Ungarn
But yeah, your dialect is pretty similar to ours, so I understand why Austrian won‘t change it, you‘ll probably understand us nonetheless (I think
I don't use any oil and very little to non salt, sometimes cooked, sometimes scrambled
how does that work with internet payments?
[Donauinselfest] - danube island festival had 3.1 mio attandees last year, so about 1 million per day, but there are several stages along the Vienna danube island.
comprehensive medicare for all employees
But if some culture threatens these values we (should) strive for, I deem it a hindrance or even threat for our european society as a whole.
I think it is important to always expect other people to not see you and especially don't count on them stopping for you even if you are in the right
or Life is Life by Opus
Especially in cities the level of english is great, comparatively.
In English you typically say "the alpha and omega
Don't forget Article 12 (or whatever it's called now) - which takes away creators' money and gives it to publishers
So we went to a small Hungarian Restaurant and I have to say it was one of the best meals I ate in my life and was very important for the drive home.
And the service fees aren't low either (0.75% per year)
They are up that mountain side
81%
most people only know al jazeera from the bin laden videos in the 2000s.
Oh noez, there must be daily school shootings in Crete, right?
It's quite easy to take hard decisions when the consequences don't apply to you.
Generally I was astonished by how much difference there is in terms of things you as a customer get taken care of.
That means that parcels and letters will take a lot longer
No matter what your local politicians may tell you, the EU is just as part of your government as they are
(apparently I don't get it
It is kind of rude to be honest.
However, we are talking about nobility - whose whole right of existence is based on their ancestry
Chilly: 5 to 15
There were some overarching policies but most of the things were done locally especially at that time and it wouldn't really change for a long time.
3% of all households have FTTH/FTTB
We dont like germans
[It's built like a fortress] and stands on a hill, [commanding the entire inner city] You could literally shoot 19th century artillery directly into the city from there
Yeah, if I did my math right, I had about 15 seconds per person on an average day.
[read this if youre interested]
Jonagold, Breaburn and some green ones Are now available
> i don't see the difference in performance to studded tyres and winter tyres with chains
Girls in my School used to double every vowel and add a b in the middle to not be understood by us boys
Thank good, you kind Easyjet stewardess
And if you have to leave them outside then usually those bikes are rather cheap ones or old ones, because they occasionally get stolen
Now you can add one more thing on your to do list when you go to Romania
Austrian films up here have subtitles
Somehow he became a POW in Switzerland at the end of the war
(: thank you for the information
You forgot a bordering country ;)
A little bit different but there is an saying, when the buorocraty have failed you "your could send your complaints/objections to the salt magistrate" (Salzamt) which doesn't exist anymore
There is simply no need for them
" video guy, polite politicians, mahjong, a girl I met that came from there that had *never* been to a proper forest in her *life* before (we went hiking in Japan, climbed a mountain and she asked where the peak was, because she couldn't find the "this is the recommended spot for selfies" sign), cheap and good tailors, kopi tiam and nice noodle dishes, conflict with indonesia about air quality
Because you asked about Norway, too specific.
Man könnte fast sagen das dir das Spanisch vorkommt
Holy fuck, just put a major spoiler in the title
who knows
When you are on the other side of the tunnel you are already in Slovenia
My all time favourite: The Divinyls
They'd fit in with the Austro-Hungarian empire theme, and they already featured in an old Disney movie
Now I live in the next city for University purposes and it’s kind of the other way round
Impossible
But **Filterkaffee** almost always has a negative meaning when used here.
But instead of using them for food we put in stuff like a tea kettle
without any problems on apple devices
Etna bricht aus
I bet #NotMyPope
according to stories, there were people who were immune against catching the plague, even after being exposed directly to it.
But I want my 30+ °C, it's summer
I just told Fritzl to reloacte his backup family to somewhere else!
I would say the current view is mostly realistic
Wow, would never have thought that for a western european country
Tuat ma lad
For a German however, especially if they are from this area, I'd distinguish whether it was made in our direct vicinity (around 50km radius), our county or further away
When someone in Austria asks me I feel Viennese
But it’s not a cultural heritage
I've seen Swedish versions, det er fredag mina bekanter
As German is the main language in several countries, sometimes articles have subsections for Germany, Austria, etc
Germany again
AFAIK Only Brenner Autobahn and it seems like this is there.
I usually read derStandard or die Presse for general news about Austria our Europe.
It's a precedent/message to have a chilling effect on others, not a standard policy to be applied to every citizen equally
Yeah, we also always made them out of white willow (which become Palmkätzchen in spring)
Fewer guns is obviously one reason as well as less extreme poverty.
Which is a Krapfen
I secksed ur mum
Kurzgesagt, now renamed to "inanutshell" - educational videos, availabe in English and German
Would you ever consider making one of Vienna
So I do get that people would lie out of desperation.
More formal conversations are often like that: [Other person: "Hello this is ... . Am I talking with ... ? Me: "Yes it is ... here, what is it about
Our class brought BBQ equipment, music and drinks and had a grill party in the school yard while blasting loud music
I'm rather questioning myself how much longer the UK strives to compete with the Trump administration in terms of who can manage to come up with the more laughable and embarrassing political disaster
Visit Austria, see wood
So fun times ahead
Yeah there are a lot of these words for example gift=married kiss=pee slut=end fart=speed etc
The hike would still be a good 2 hours, but airline its about 500 meter from my place to Germany.
I live in Vienna, where a lot of people commute with bikes and/or public transport instead of cars
spotted the Bavarian
Last time around the first projection showed Hofer ahead and VdB still came out the winner in the end
Sure you can fault the other parties for not contesting the results of the first round but Griss would have to have shown a potential swing of 100k votes which is harder to do and she had less resources.
Not ok, just a lot more understandable given current tensions
>1200 years
Or maybe you only use it for sex
Is the name Gradec still in use in Slovenia
Let's get the old band back together!
The People: "It's horrible, we must do *something*."
I thought for a long time that "hash browns" are brownies filled hashish
Check off all the sights worth seeing and then go elsewhere in France (or Europe, whatever)
But back then it did cause quite the controversy, I think it was in the media for almost a year
the name
What did he steal, a car
Like Saudi Arabia and all those fuck-hole countries
I guess the Alps and other mountain ranges help to cool the temperature a little bit
It's shown in front of a live audience.
Or something like that
And in Norway mellomleggspapir – a piece of bread sized paper, that you put in between sandwiches when you transport them
It should be Will Will write a will?
I think most people go with alcohol tho
Probably the "Leberkäsesemmel". It's a bread with meatloaf inside of it
tons of news outlets have been going crazy in the last days but somehow i feel like noone knows about this..
But Belgium is such densely settled country, I thought that was kinda surprising
Waiting time for an adoption in Austria is 2 to 3 years for the parents.
The replacement strategy for crosses on the summits
Probably because most people still grew up with some post WW2 anti-german propaganda (which was justified back in the 1940s, but come on
Hey
My brothers history teacher this year:
What savage walks over red
I only know that we have that word in german because I walked past the museum for abortion and contraception
Hadn't I been interested in the topic in school beforehand I would not have known anything but the most basic stuff
Flavia Solva is a small one, there is a café wher you can look through glass at the Roman foundations
Is a bikini two kinis or every second kini
A particular german news outlet tried it
If I buy a bottle of wine for 60 instead of 5 Euros, it's the same ressources that go into making it
First and foremost, I think we should be relieved no human lives have been lost (so far)
There are diesel locomotives all over Europe
Not because they were sex-related or sleazy in any way, but because the ladies mostly used their elbows and it really *hurt*.
I like the flexibility, and the suspension fork :)
from the moment we annexed you till the moment we lost you
Or is it just a place to pray or something?
So basically you don't trust anybody?
I'm just happy Croatia and Slovenia are already in the EU - this region is ethnically still a powder keg.
* Norbert Hofer, from the right wing FPÖ
lol (Can't watch the vid :()
It's not like having South Tyrol would gain us anything.
So that's the reason Americans and Jews don't have sex eh
Pizza is Pizza, I welcome it in any form that it may come, and if you don't, you are a whiny nuisance
A lot of talk but no actual plan and that is different from caring about your country, because caring would mean to have at least a rough idea about every political matter instead of some slogans regarding foreigners
Unsurprisingly, it's not working
You have a combined budget and combined forces that are quickly deployed to regions where they're needed.
Tyrolean area
Otherwise there simply are not separatist movements
And on the other you got the shitshow "Ö24" wich plays all the videos that are being posted against explizit Orders from police on loop, even the graphic ones, uncensored
Or the same Veneto region for that matter
Met Russian cars twice on the road, both times I narrowly abvoided an accident
But only because I make it a point to regularly exit my filter bubble and go looking for different news outlets
Fronte National Liberation Corse (don't know about the spelling, but you get the idea)
Tourism numbers suggest otherwise
The only game that's really available in my native language is minecraft lol
Which was hilarious
This country played a unique role in securing his defeat.
this is why i agreed with his statement
Burgenland is the most stereotypically "redneck" region for me
Gutes Bier, übrigens
Same in German
Yeah but those aren't creative spellings, but the same name in different languaves, eight
In German it's called Drehleier (turning lyre) which in contrast actually makes sense (because it's quite literally a lyre where you crank/turn a handle)
The west has many different dialects and it can differ from valley to valley
I nominate Vormittag
Basically you have countries like Germany, Greece or Hungary where the monthly data use per SIM on average is around 500MB.
Still not great but much better
Just being inside certain rooms made me feel ill
Brno was long time home to German speaking Czechs for nearly thousand years
It's basically the way I sang English pop songs when I was 4 years old
Austrian chocolate is pretty great too, at least the ones from Zotter.
And to be honest it's only fair to expect asylum seekers to at least make an honest application.
So, Hitler wasn't Austrian for 24 years before WW2 started
You are not
Käseleberkäs contains pockets of melted cheese.
However in order to activate it, you have to get a job as a bureaucratic public official
Their core issues are also transparency and anti-corruption
I guess you mean the death of Ögedei Khan in 1241
Sending the same files again apparently fixed it
We get to vote on whether we want a president who is part of a fraternity that believes Austria is just a construct in the minds of people and in reality not separate from Germany.
Thank you for posting this, honestly
Not sure you missed any :D
Never had any problems, and I used to live in  generally "not so nice" area and I never had any problems walking Home
Seeing "bands" of "soldiers" patrolling the streets - always in packs of 2-6 guys was a very strange sight.
Do you have horse as a regular dish as well
Now kiss
I honestly have no real understanding of the respective economic situations of the cities and their countries, it's just different numbers than I expected.
I guess it has something to do with general tastes
If you know the exact count of something you use one of two versions
Austrian newspaper, but covers pretty much everything.
Und ein paar zweite Weltkriegsliteratur
Tho you have to buy your own medicine
But that's an extra train change which in my opinion is one of the most annoying things of travelling
It's more like they never think about us because Austria is utterly irrelevant to most Germans
Edit: Apparently our government worked with our Neighbors on letting those nurses pass the border again (with checks)
Vienna pupil here
Those troops were already placed there and remember they were there legally under a contract signed by the ukraine.
But they have the Leberkas recipe
The door won't open without a key, but its not really locked
So a year like the last few it feels like, although the contrast is more apparent to me this year
Germany is obviously the country closest to "being a brother" to us
neutral, but I guess legalising it would bring more advantages than disadvantages
[Moneyboy - Dreh den Swag auf]
Gotta remember that one
What was the outcome
Not that I'm much of a football fan, but in general I like you well enough, neighbor
None of the moroccan people in austria will stay here or even get asylum.
It kinda makes sense that he has an accent in Polish, bc it's not supposed to be his native language
Once again you seem to be incredibly lucky - when I lived in Virginia I could literally go nowhere without a car - work was too far, shopping mall was too far, and the suburb my company put me in had no other option for shopping then that
Still not something I would consider quality time
Some people would skip out on bringing anything, but nobody's really checking that closely
Well it can be a family activity if you really want
Doesn't matter, we can't even arm them all, we only have 25 missiles......
We have so much shit on our plate
Ehrenmann
I love the freedom of movement, the fact that where I live I have tons of friends and collegues from different european countries.
That would be [Zirbenlikör] or just "Ziabn", a liqueur flavoured with the cones of [a certain species of pine]
Ni mki_ naiz, Austriakoko naiz
However out ouf those cities and their surroundings the dialect is pretty much still flourishing.
(And no, "taxes are different from state to state or even in different cities in one state" doesn't make sense as an excuse
I guess people from that general area settled there then?
[DKT] has an interesting history
Looks like a ham leg
Can't think of a neighboring country we don't joke about reclaiming in it's entirety or at least partly
Well, there are professionals to deal with the big discharge at the end of a pregnancy called midwifes, but I can see how that'll take a few rolls, yes
Not a comic, but a long running German science-fiction novel series is [Perry Rhodan] I guess it's somewhat similar to Star Trek.
There's a *mild* expectation that heavy drinkers would bring more alcohol, and people who are planning on staying more or less sober would bring only a bottle or so
Baasst, gemma mochma, des wird a Hetz
I really do think that both her and my life would be easier if dialect wasn't so widespread here
• The hours
And btw, germany you can have our share in exchange for bavaria
I need freedom, I go on trips
I apologize if I'm being pedantic here but for the sake of clarity I have to ask.
People bad at geography in Italy just consider everything north non-italian speaking German
As a chef this also bothers me as rule number one when boiling is always to wait until its really boiling
Tbh, and don't tell anyone I told you, but the cotoletta milanese is the original Schnitzel anyway
Because they are the only real lyrics, the other ones were invented much later to fit the music or as crude translations.
I'm no political expert and currently living abroad, but my impression is that the divide among people in Austria is not that radical at all.
In only one day, my entire district (and some other neighbouring districs) was affected by blackouts, roadblocks, and potwntial avalanches
Otherwise no one understands me
Drinks and food are covered
Not sure if Germany is the same
Hasn‘t improved since WOMDs and Guantanamo (looking at you Obama) for me
Honestly thanks for the Wikipedia hole I just fell into, my knowledge on medieval Austria was getting way too rusty
Even while that was partly true, Hitler went out of his way to become "German", not "Austria". When WW1 startet, he refused to join the austrian army but volunteered for the German army instead, automatically loosing his Austrian citizenship in 1914
You could complain about the windmills being an eyesore, or that they kill birds.
Because overproportionally many 19th century Czech immigrants worked as cooks
You're totally correct, the Council of Ministers and any EU body representing the governments (like the Commission) is as shit/corrupt/lobby-influenced as the single country's governments
The more accurate literal translation would be Eastern Realm
The L-Tower in Arenbergpark is used as a shed by the Municipal Department 42 - Parks and Gardens
Japanese democracy was heavily guided by the military and navy since the 1880s and alligned with their imperialistic whims
>Ionian Islands
Felt so unnecessarely extra playing the austrian/german version of kino der toten with all the swastikas removed
They served us a pink vinegar, which they called Schilcher
I remember once getting stuck in a one-way street because there was like more than 1m of snow infront of us
Doesn't mean I eat that shit, does it?
I think he might be referring to the largest war theatre and highest casualties in world history when those countries were at war for almost half a decade
) by the  other furniture companies like Möbelix, Mömax, XXLutz, etc
Heiliges Römisches Reich (Holy Roman Empire)
Most successful country in the world.
It's phrased in a particular way so that if a member state says "no money for you, publisher, I want the creator to get it all", that's ok
Which wouldn't be the case if people knew what it was about
Only that the same packaging isn't used in the same markets.
Du glaubst oba ned im Ernst dass du damit durchkumst anfoch an scheiß iwa mi im Internet zreden?
* Male smokers above the age of 15: 18
there was excitement in the air, fundamental changes for the better coming
but the order not to leave the country comes from our Employer not the Goverment
So a year like the last few it feels like, although the contrast is more apparent to me this year
but somehow it seems the english speaking part of the world always mean the [leave stalks] when talking about celery, but I'm always thinking first on [the root]
So whatever are you on about
" *East Austria has entered the chat*
France (culture, whole history of Europe, important aristocratic ties)
No license needed
You surely mean you buy  preserved milk  (instrad of standard fresh, pasteurized, milk, which is always in in the refrigator aisle in any supermarket) in France and then put that one in the fridge
Same but less intense for R&J. Animal Farm is more novel so we read a chapter between each lesson and then discussed
BUT NOTHING ELSE
Oh no, the picture is just comparing Father Christmas to the Christkind, it's usually either or, never both together
"I sat alone in the compressor room, when - it was exactly 10:27 - the 400 horsepowered compressor, which fed the electromotor for the steam-overheater, showed a noticeable voltage fluctuation
There's one American automaker who's quite prevalent on European streets: Tesla
Every town and village has its own tradition
100 meters would be 1 hectometer, 1 decimeter is 10 centimeters or 100 millimeters.
Austrian and Czech gun laws are pretty liberal
I don't care if it's rude
The reason of this law was afaik a Concordat with the Catholic church which grands them to teach children the religion in school
We have the christian commandment to forbid abortion, yet the majority of european countries gives a fuck about it.
As clusterfucks don't exist in the German speaking area, it is hard to find a word for this...
> Hell, there could be a permanent "International Olympic Village"
Ah I see sorry, the reddit app didn't show the flag flair
And she wouldn't accept the US but was totally fine with Spain
Imho the thing Romania had to learn first (which took a long and windy road...) was to take on administrative structures that don't purely revolve around corruption.
However, the Bank still sees the economy slowing in 2018, when it expects growth of 1.6%.
I actually had to think how I'm saying it
I...love you
They'd love to ban anything that could hurt your feelings.
I still have the metal cross from my First Communion hanging on a wall, despite considering myself an Atheist/Agnostic.
But i have to say it was a lucky find
Other than all our neighbors we prohibit cycling in the forest
Some were imprisoned and so on, but Denazification was a lot better in Germany
I find that super annoying
Everyone should be proud of his dialekt, the tyrolian dialekt makes a tyrolean a tyrolian, the styrian a styrian to a styrian, the franconian a franconian to a franconian,...
Und diese 1-2% sind auch nur die rechten Recken, die bei euch unter dem Dach der NPD oder eventuell AfD einen Platz fänden.
Probably because our local variant "Tschau" is only used with friends
Fortify my house against intruders.
Danish: A bit less
Those new £350m per week sure helped a lot.
I'd say it's by far the Kölner Dom
Well, you all should have stayed with the Austrian Empire and we wouldn't have to have these debates right now.
don't worry he has his own
Lol, well that explains that
because we use Iren and Nordiren
Its not that bad
This land is my land is my favorite actually singable US alternative anthem xD
Damm first gigachad now him
student of mine is second generation Turk and really identifies as a German
Orimattila	FI
So the one with Hitler and Hallstatt
There were a lot of ideas discussed during the Dawn of Nationalism
There's the occasional tech illiterate hotmail or gmx user who didn't migrate over yet (read: my mom), but gmail has a clear market lead
I remember a scenario from yesterday:
Almdudler is Austria's national soft drink
She is all alone
He's viewed ambivalently here
That's probably because I'm a man though
Didn't sign it anways and switched banks soon after (and because many people were dissatisfied and leaving, this particular branch of the old bank closed 2 years after that)
Throw in a /s, Pow's Law and all.
We have a larger spectrum, our conservative, center right wing party is the ÖVP which I guess is more in line with your believes
We also have "Am I talking Chinese or something
I realize it is still a necessity since different citizenships grant you different rights, unfortunately
edit: removed select dividend fund
On my phone: A very nice candid shot of my husband
Don't give up friends we still have Austria and Sweden on the way
I‘ve never actually heard Hulapalu on radio, only during festivals
Oh in Austria it's absolutely commuting.
Russia may have manipulated the Brexit?
Alexander van der Bellen 1944, Vienna
Vienna can't complain
Yeah but guys don't give your kids a second first name, right
As GPStephan has said it varies by state.
[Latella] is a whey drink with various fruit juices
I think it was the scenes with the psychiatrist that felt particularly on the nose
Dont even get me startet on the agricultural help...
In Austria most foreigners do learn the language (to a degree).
What‘s it about tho
Best to park your car, get a coffee and make sure that the Russian is far away before you get going
The "original" dialect is really sweet
Or local politics with our neighbors
Construction was started in 2010 and the scheduled Opening was 2015, it opened in 2019
True, I like Italian pizza most, which isn't that hard to get with the amount of true italian restaurants in Austria
So next year they return, eat, drink and cheer again with the locals
People here are getting heated over pointless arguments imo, since there is never a clear border but a gradient from one country to another
this song makes me cringe
Sadly the same policy does not work with public buildings.
The fact that people you linked to are Chinese companies is a coincidence here more rhan anythong else.
First you have to build a common identity then you can start with the democracy.
Hat ich im Ursprungspost schon erklärt
hurrrrrrrrk
I just came back a few weeks ago and boy it was filthy.
Most countries with low prices not only have a working market but also an effective regulator.
I don't decipher Swedish regularly so it's much harder than when you're confronted with it more often
my english teacher always told that joke, nice memories tho, now he is dead due to his weight
but there are German dialects which are exactly in the same category as the Scandinavian languages in terms of mutual intelligibility.
Rather have no humour than shit humor, like Slovaks apparently
Is she invited in the original story
> vastly different shades of barking
Given the fact that we're probably about to get our second far-right government after the first one broke down due to corruption
You can't route modern traffic through medieval town centers as there might not be enough space
I know a few Croatians who it'd be cool to impress, also I could finally understand all the serbian dialogue in Vienna (it's not thaaat much, but you hear it from time to time)
And sometimes adults are pissed off about the South Tyrols, but I think teens and young adults just joke about it and say _Those dang italians
Trying to force wolves to repopulate the area is dumb, because they'll never be able to live a natural life in our man-made environment
He almost died in the [Crimean Offensive] but he was sent back early to Germany because he had to train new soldiers on how to use a Granatwerfer 34
The thing is, there isn't really such a thing as "Austrian accent" since the dialect vary so much in Austria
It's corn, not wheat, but I think it should still work
Well, uhh
Than there is mythos (I think it's called) a very good greek beer
Mashed potatoes are pretty firm
Very sorry to hear that
Getting back together with Ireland or staying in the UK
For firewood some regions still use the Klafter, derived from the arm length
For something completely different or Chaos fans, I recommend the fantastic *Soul Hunter* and sequels.
The German language likes to makes nouns connecting their purpose with "Zeug" (thing)
I'm not really into weed or drugs so I don't know anything haha
You can have both
, no single person secretly imprisons family members for a long time
It can't get any worse
Plactenta (Latin for cake) -> palacsinta -> Palatschinke
) My mother followed up in normal volume with "Avez-vous besoin d'une table madame
My personal entry for soulless city is "Horn on a foggy day in October".
* [Kaiser Franz Joseph] under whose rule Austria-Hungary was in steady decline, and who arguably started WW1.
Corruption is corruption, it doesn't matter if it is within a democracy or autocracy, republic or monarchy
Nowadays, the biggest remaining difference is humour imo.
Just read up on him, how lucky us Austrians have no connection to him whatsoever
Huh funny, the top left division also applies to Austria and Vienna.
Trillion = 10^18 = 1 000 000 000 000 000 000
distant
Imagine how terrible it must be for those Iraqis who were tortured by the US army with the Barney intro song on full volume for hours
Spanish, especially if it's with a southern/Andalusian accent
every month
Never heard it used in Vienna, it's not a Viennese word, we have a whole dictionary of more original Viennese Beleidigungen, so not sure why it made OP's list
EU Directive 32006L0126 Article 7 (e)
Yeah and that'll stall the process for a while which is why I don't see it happening for some time
These things are not mutually exclusive...
Maybe he got caught stealing a german car in Germany and thus is a little ticked off with them.
This can cause hilarious misunderstandings, or Germans just laughing in Austrian supermarkets
Basically our Basti and the one for whom you need obly his initials: H.C.
Ähm I might be mistaken but I think there actually is something called ‚Austrian German‘, at least my dictionary says there is
Many Carinthian surnames have Slovenian roots
Trump was always my preferred candidate as a European.
Islamist terrorism against a Christian monument
Then there is an oldfashioned term "Tschechei" - it a shorthand for Tschechoslovakei, so it is definitly not correct today, also it might carry negative connotations.
I'm just disappointed that 61% have a positive view off Germany
Italy (commerce, culture)
They won't charge you anything if they cancel your order, though.
(Ofc not really something for people who dislike tiny spaces/rooms
I wish the article contained more information about what they were suggesting as alternate words
Austria isn't exactly a very significant country on the world stage, but I'll answer anyway:
Because even back then (1156) vienna was way more important then melk (the capital before vienna)
A Tourist should never hitler around or order schnitzel with saucer
Then I turned on my brain and figured it out
Kaprun Hydropower plant
Truly a dying subject
What a a shitty reply in a shitty thread
Germany: instant war about who is better
No of course not,  I mean we don't completely know what is possible and what not but wormholes and similar theories about changing space itself leave a lot of possible ways open
"Hairzig"
Good observation
"sorry, we didn't know your aircraft was supposed to be invisible"
I think it‘s better to have the fines than get cigarettes easily tbh
Joyeux Noël!
spotted the Bavarian
Yes
I was basing my comment on the more byzantine definition of greekness which also included the Anatolians and (oftentimes) the Armenians in the greater cultural sphere
She OVERuses it actually
There is Norway which is deeply integrated but not an official member, then there is Switzerland which is less but still heavily part of some institutions
The main army however, who heard the shots fired previously, assumed whatever was coming their way was a Turkish army, so they opened fire
Europe in general has advanced in the left tech tree further than the US and it shows in the political landscape
My first Question is about English speaking.
Guess whut happened to a certain german news outlet after google blocked them
They usually run for 12-24 months.
I corrected my comment
Sounds like a Monty Python sketch or something
Here in the US most restaurants have a take out option and there are a lot of healthy options, at least here in California
Coffee feels like a spirit of life & sunshine kissing me when I drink it
I know
bad "dubbing" -> english
Before this turns into a rant of my dad: I usually say I‘m Austrian, because I barely know any Polish and was born here
And there's something similar to the Reichsbürger, but in Austria it's not common at all
with 5 million people that's around 15 EUR per card, that's not that bad
We're in this together
So if no candidate gets 50% of the votes in the first round, the two candidates with the most votes get to fight for who has a majority behind them.
Germans usually like Austrians, Austrians generally dislike Germans
outside of cities it's really quite poor
Yeah, I‘ve seen one drive past my house last year, but they didn’t put in online
"Well, it did not work
Fleischknödeln aren't half as good as Hascheeknödeln
It's not what OP was talking about, even if you can get good cheap food there
Now that's comparing apples to oranges
If everybody behaves super weird it's not a talking matter either
Can you imagine that all territories from [here]#/media/File:Justinian555AD.png) where Christian?
The only thing you forgot but kinda goes hand in hand with the faux-positivity is their relation with religion
If it has it's no problem
European cities are pretty nice and sane in this regard
Edit: Burgenland Croatian names seem to have "-its" for most, "-itz" for others and "-ich" for a few ones
germany was laughed at when they suggested distributing the refugees.
Ramsan Kadyrov and his stance on LGTBQ people is enough of a reason not to go
thank you for the information
So one can only judge for themselves what they think.
Exception is if you are born in a country that hands out citizenships by being born there, but also are an Austrian citizen: Then you can keep both citizenships until your 18th bistday and decide then which one you want to keep.
My grandfathers both were born during WW2 so they weren't old enough to serve
muslims aren't going to end up a large enough minority for that to be a serious concern
Here the church is something old and many even hate it
So Obst+Schale (fruit+bowl) makes Obstschale (fruit bowl)
Honestly, the lack of a commonly used word like "forenoon" is one of the things I struggle with most in English
After we lost the support of Mussolini Hitler had an easy game with Austria
have something similar, but not on the beginning of spring but instead in summer near the end of the school year, after the grading period has finished and there's just a few days left before the holidays
Still trying to do the whole pseudo-neutrality thing i guess..
> The scenery is mostly Austrian
That was my first thought: Why are you still drinking tea in Russia
Imagine using gay as an insult in the year two thousand and twenty (2020)
My gym membership
He's unable to form a whole sentence in Spanish though
In recent history it might be the collapse of the Reichsbrücke (Imperial bridge, located in Vienna over the Danube) in 1976
Some move out with 16 others with 25 and again others never
Luckily this all happened on a weekend, right
I myself live 60km away from the capital Innsbruck and it’s less than an hour drive to the German border
I'd choose Czechia tbh
As a whole complex, the business university WU Wien
And after all that, he still had the audacity to name his newly-founded party after himself
If Boris reads this, he'll want to tow Britian westwards
So, dear Triest, wanna come back home to good old Austria
Both islands had small populations, whose only worthwhile export was fish and whaling
You should store coniferous wood at least 12 months
That's what an Austrian would call "Kipferl/Gipfel(e)"
I let the caller speak first because he/she is the one I assume that wants something from me, and then decide according to that, what to do next
I don’t know the exact law, but in Austria companies pay a yearly fine if they don’t have a certain percentage of disabled employees
You should really check your circulation if that's the case
Rome was a republic, San Marino is thr oldest still existing republic etc
How are you guys doing over there
On the OEBB RailJet, when I crossed from the Czech Republic into Austria, the displays switched from displaying stations in Czech and German to German and English
Usually you use a "fruitier" wine (I don't know proper english wine terms...) it's quite sweet and mild, a typical summer drink...
same reason why everybody just calls people from "the US" americans
Wow Europe stretches really far into east...didn't even know Europe shares a common border with Mongolia or North Korea!
Punitive tariffs, economic sanctions etc.
For the first time something like that wasn't just somewhere in the middle East or other far away places, but close to home
The [reporting in the main news show (19:30 ORF2)] is rather cynical (link probably geolocked)
(Swiss would approve as well)
You can look at people while pretending to look out of the window
And although he was a member of the Nazi Party, it's safe to say he did far more good than bad stuff
We have many people of other European countries living and working here and I'm sure you won't get a special treatment because of that.
Involves rubbing your ears, pulling you of your seat, getting whipped and other things
"Russischer Tee" is how old people call black tea
The lefts inability to react to this is, what fuels the right wing.
Unbelievable
Edit: a French guy named Michel Breal invented the marathon
Mind it
At least in North America, the usage of the word is still going strong
(Currently called the Socialdemocratic Party, the name changed a bit over time)
There is one region in my home state called the Innviertel which is only part of Austria since 1779.
Similar with our little Trump here, people rather seem to vote against the other party or the establishment than for the actual candidate.
Speech must lead to an immideate breach of peace aka violence for it to not be covered by the 1st amendment.
^(Aside from being a woman, these parties don't really stand for what I stand for...
Or when there were heavy summer rains and I could run into the garden and run around in them
From my pov, if we delete disparities, the world would stop existing after a few hundred years
Mostly it's music without vocals, or vocals in languages I don't understand, or tuning out the lyrics I *could* understand
Its something special, to be sure, but not unusual
**The crises of 2008 and Austerity**
It has the stated goal of making all latin-alphabet based national languages fully typeable in one layout, hence it's also called Europatastatur (even though you can write languages like Vietnamese or Hawaiian with it as well)
hurrrrrrrrk
Who are they making out to be in this "inner circle"?
Some of our most famous criminal cases involve deviations of that - for example, a guy lobbied inside a ministry for a bidder that wanted to buy public flats
However, you wouldn't pay any taxes on ETF investments in Austria if you don't live there.
That word is only used in eastern Austria.
I nearly forgot, Lord of the Rings got a new translation too (well that was a biiiit
Among other things, protestants are very rare in Austria, which is mostly catholic.
It has nothing to do with ham dude
000 EUR
I think it’s hard to say, of course the neighboring countries look similar landscape-wise, all the cities that were build during the habsburg monarchy kinda look the same, doesn’t matter if you are in Slovenia or Hungary or Austria, think the yellow churches for example
alternatively, you own, borrow or rent a trailer
I had this discussion very recently with colleagues in the university cantine
also WTF are india and brazil doing in this image
A empty lot of like 400m² to 500m².
The vast majority of the population lived an okay, secular and safe life under his atrocities.
Nice opinion, yet I'm not talking about fission (which would be anyways unconstitutional in Austria for example), but fusion (which also is not "entirely theoretical" at all, just not practical)
A vanishingly small, politically irrelevant island with a very interesting and unique history and a peculiar native language (a weird sort of "latinized Arabic")
Not only in 3rd world countries, but globally
Edit: germany and austria for the „AcTuAlLy
Yeah but it's going to be the only long term solution anyway
TIL that Komissar Rex was apparently super popular and broadcasted all over the world.
So you have no idea at all if your salary is decent or not
It doesn't sound right spoken because it's not really a "natural" language, but it is Austrian
Vienna isnt a chill and romantic city anymore
doesn't make it less bullshit though
Dental analysis might be scientifically sound, but that doesn't matter if hand x-rays are what is actually used.
or those with legit authorizations that are supposed to reforest after they cut down trees but don't.
Thus they cannot invite a foreign force and Saudi Arabia is required by international law not to intervene in the internal conflict.
- Senegal
Spain: thanks for all the fruit you provide us with
Keeping him as a bum in Vienna would be a more fitting occupation
We got rid of titles and even name fragments (like "X von Y") and replaced them with academic and honorary titles that (with enough dedication) can be reached by anyone.
He didn't switch to German even though he was aware I was Austrian, so we just kept talking in Spanish for >10 minutes
It's just a peacekeeping, loose confederation of states which helps a little country like Austria to stay independent and neutral in the future.
But it’s not a cultural wonder
"...
There is also other fruits that can be used, like plums or strawberries, but these are not as "classic".
the us gets a lot out of being the top dog, economically speaking.
They all have basically the same face.
>-also some people consider it as gay if a boy has an iPhone (It‘s Austria, people are conservative in a really weird way)
I know I'll dig hard and deep to find out who does this, and why, and as many specifics as I can find
We shouldn't have lost the war against them in 1866.
You gotta tackle the problem at its root
Böhler Udeholm and Voest Alpine are big players in Steel Business
Don't know if they also own farms/land, but I would assume they do
>Maybe a Viennese thing
Where the name comes from
US-Americans is quite a mouthful.
You either linked me a wrong source or the Wikipedia entry is outright wrong
I'm coming
Now that you mention it, ours is not fabric I think, but it does seem a lot sturdier than regular cardboard
There's also an interesting [alternative version with Latin lyrics] that I also like very much, it just sounds awesome (for a translation check out the video comment)
The new one is far right
Same here
I personally have seen all of these except badgers
yeah it's like that here
The country is still spectacular and I know plenty of very friendly French people
I prefer to call it "Austrian Netherlands".
Ah yes, I remember that one
When the finish sent a contingent to the Golan as UN peacekeepers, the first thing they built (even before decent barracks) was a sauna
Unfortunately, that made me always see Romania in a negative light and I feel like I'm kind of biased in that sense, which I'm still trying to overcome
Can't do that on our own though.
**This is the MO
It's mostly the 24 hour news coverage
I did learn my lesson though (later in life)
Arnie has a typical styrian dialect, which for example is totally differen from a tyrolean dialect
Exactly a year ago a video was published of him trying to sell contracts to a (fake) niece of a Russian oligarch, as well as trying to convince her to buy the "Kronen Zeitung", Austrias most popular newspaper
adding "Mist" to that; might only be in Austrian German though
Well, to cook rice I grab a cup - size according to my hunger/the number of eaters - and than add 2 cups of water.
If they fail then maybe give them free ticket for public transport
No, if it is about English alone
Therefore he is by modern borders an Austrian
All of these are fairly often seen in Vienna
If only Hitler and Donald trump were the only 2 politicians to ever say "make X great again" etc..
When the Chinese People heard about this they sent them a large sum of money and monthly food packages, to which he replied with a personal letter every time
They only fed on virgins though, so they soon went extinct.
What other emission-free base load power generators are available *now* in vast enough quantities to cover demand?
I see myself as left and what you are writing is in my opinion as right-minded as possible.
You are also allowed to use the names:
Sure, but then you already have a place where you stay and just can't get to it in time.
Ich bin mir nicht sicher, wie es in Deutschland genau ist, aber in Österreich macht es steuerlich keinen Unterschied, ob Dividenden ausgeschüttet werden oder thesaurierend sind.
All my 9 year old class mates and I *really* cared about however, was that the movie had been interrupted
Disclaimer: I'm not a bike commuter (yet)
Now i think Linz is more interesting than Salzburg because it's cheaper and less crowded and it doesn't feel so "stuck up" like Salzburg around the time of the "Festspiele".
That would be a more or less good system, except I can't see it ever becoming reality, because greed
Sarsina	IT
&#x200B;
reminds me of [this one]
(Ofc often names refer to vague regions, like Japan is part of Asia
Austria isn't even particularly bad in that regard
At least leave the big city
Maybe they do speak more in an original viennese dialect
Grüß Gott is the normal polite greeting, I would appreciate it
My gf is from Gipuzkoa, and she always says how Bilbainos are all unos flipados and how they are super fixated on Bilbao
Opa was an arms dealer for Steyr back in the day
Will also be useful should turkey decide to open the floodgates
once we start to deport thousands of people, north africans and middle easterners will stop to pay large sums to smugglers.
- I enjoy going hiking, and get uneasy when I find myself in a very flat landscape
Croatians are chill af
The alternative would be trusting the Soviets and letting them move army units to the German-Polish border like they wanted
Haters gonna hate, skaters gonna skate #ThugLife
While Portugal had a thriving cloth industry their cloth wasn't as cheap and good as English cloth and with no protections and support from this competition the industry completely declined and Portugal was thus unable to create an industrial base
Related to that: [A father stares at the hand and foot of his five-year-old daughter, severed as a punishment for having harvested too little rubber
Austrian here who can't ski and hates Sachertorte
Let's just rename the office to Kaiser and give it to the Habsburgs.
&#x200B;
And you might get punched in the face, and you would deserve it
6 yrs
We do however have nude besches and it is not illegal or something - I‘d say maybe 2-7% do it here
As a german native english is not so hard to learn also the internet helps a lot because you need english every day
They didn't get the memo
All Finnish students also learn Swedish
I agree, but I'm obviously biased.
And no offense, but personally, I don't like the average Italian's sense of fashion at all
A cold war era Vienna would be really cool, for example
Eam, what would be the reaction you expected to such a behaviour?
At least both my grandparents
Less Germans, more Eastern Europeans
American cars are shit, pure unadulterated shit
Well, the [Europatastatur] implementation at least
Als ich diese Karte erstellt hab, hieß es noch Fucking und war im "Tourism" Teil eingezeichnet
I dont think thats something you recover fron
If you were a character in a novel I would blame the author for including such a one dimensional and cliche character.
Legend say that he tried the same thing with Merkel and the Germans stole his bike
And most people I would say have no issues whatsoever
There is a German expression "Leben wie Gott in Frankreich" (to live like God in France), meaning to live carefree and in excess
here in austria prostitution counts as immoral lifestyle too, its ridiculous..
By the time Italy was unified in 1870 North Italy had industrialised while the South was still stuck in an agricultural economy
tbh Reich just means realm, dominion, and you don't get to pretend you didn't Reich it out together with us just because you switched sides
oh, the wonderful world of Anise-spirits
Bratislava lovingly called Vienna's biggest suburb so who knows, that could work
Just go to bed an hour earlier or get up an hour later and you have the same amount of sleep
Andrä vor dem Hagenthale in Lower Austria
I read below that you're from southern germany, which is probably why you believe we're cultural brothers.
You can pay on the coast of the Atlantic in Portugal with the same currency as in the very North in Finland and I'm proud that my country is part of this historic project.
** and by that I mean dark sourdough rye bread, none of that fluffy stuff or toast bread (we don't even call that bread; just *toast*. it's not bread if your teeth don't get a workout eating it
Yeah, im starting to question the data as well.
i mean, we're hardly one to talk but your political landscape right now is barking mad
Must be an insane amount
&nbsp;
don't make this a bigger thing than it is
Coincidence
Good
You should start
i can already tell you how that will go
Hofburg
*holds up a chopping board* - Me: „ Br-ä-idl“ - She: „br-A-itl
For a start: in a democratic country, the government works for the people
It's not an explicit taboo, but as I would me never ever came into my mind looking into some people fridges i guess it's an indirect one
Schuchnigg gave in, but Hitler gave the command to move in anyway
"waaay down, waaay down, waay down
I realize it is still a necessity since different citizenships grant you different rights, unfortunately
Yeah, everything between world war 1 and 2 is the first thing which comes in my mind
...imagine all those sun burned necks and foreheads
In larger cities, especially Vienna, there are definitely (American themed) restaurants that serve 'real' American burgers on a plate, with a choice of toppings, and 'home-made' fries on the side, but in more rural areas McD/BK is the only burger you can get.
We have a very similar story
That's just something Germans claim
I know that Germans don't use it.
As others said the university ID
Autochton Austrians could look like a stereotypical "irish" - red hair, blue eyes, doesn't tan but burns in the sun or like stereotypical south-italians (dark hair, brown eyes, tan nicely when catching a bit of light).
Way too much wind, would always have a hurting neck/shoulders because of that afterwards
I'd like to think that if there are some countries, who have the right to insist on fewer refugees, it'd be those who have already taken in the majority of the refugees who entered europe in the first place.
I'm not even sure what you are referring to nor what it has to do with the topic here.
Germany: Lilly Among Clouds
Danke für die Information
I'd love to think that the majority of under
It’s not rarely that I find myself travelling through all the city to find a trivial product I’m looking for
In Austria it's a bohemian village :)
What
That being said it's well made and as always Joaquin Phoenix's acting is stellar
I still bring up the fact that my great-great-great grandmother was Italian occasionally.
How many beers from small breweries in Austria have you tasted
A few days later Leibniz made good on their promise and announced a lottery for the 52000 packages of cookies
This is probably the reason why the ship linking the two cities is called Twin City Liner
wtf which exotic school teaches cursive first
sorry
How was the connection drawn between him and the twitter account, did he link it in the video?
Maybe there will be an increase in people smoking weed at first, but IMO the effect of curiosity would lay off quickly and people realize the intoxication is very similar to 'common', legal drugs
This looks like a chance for Austria to rename itself to Gerfew to eventually also be able to ask "Can Gerfew into Nordics"?
Da haben die SdAP Politiker wohl auch die Verachtung der Kommunisten auf die Sozialdemokratie mit voller Härte realisiert
yes, google street view is a pretty benign form of that problem.
Bad Radkersburg wird durch die Mur von Gornja Radgona getrennt
Trump tweeted "God Bless the USA
Like saying whom instead of who, which is just like German "wem". So for me it's the most obvious thing in the world but Anglos tend to be quite impressed by it
There are different types of unlimited.
(Aka our privilege)
The 8pm games would be 2am-6am here, so there's no point in broadcasting them.
Putin likes to make that pretty clear whenever he talks to Austrian media
>Paper ticket wich you get from the driver you do not need to validate
oh, they do now
It's the only big city we have and is politically really important
Switzerland is a very weird place when it comes to languages, which makes it the more interesting if I‘m honest here
Really depends
Those who are even too stupid for that will become police officers
Really
Sorry, we are currently way too preoccupied by toppling statues
I think it shows that people are trying to maybe get more involved in political process since they can grasp that real change (represented by the FPÖ) can happen.
Who do thou yinkst thou art
You should definitely check out the videos over at /r/hydraulicpresschannel
"Er aber, sag's ihm, er kann mich im Arsche lecken
Especially the woman one, french woman fall in more positive stereotypes here.
For some reason, y'all seem to use that word in the wrong context a lot
It is not just a German thing but there are a lot more of these companies in Germany than in most other countries
In Vienna another variant is very popular, so called 'Vogerl Salat' where field salad is added to the mix
As we say here: "the fish starts stinking at the head"
You can always talk, but if they don't want to, you cannot force them.
What i mean to say is that Grüß Gott doesn't have God in mind.
It's Austrian and this thread is about pointing out the cultural appropriation by germans.
A heated argument ensued, and one soldier fired a shot
If I ever googled someone, I’d be embarrassed to tell them as it feels like an invasion of privacy (example: court records will appear in google searches)
Lappland rings a bell
Not going to tell
**The Counterfeiters (2007)** *(Oscar for Best Foreign Language Film!)*
What bothers me is that she thinks so directly hardening back to the original Mussolini is a way to et more power and isn’t a quick way to an automatic political destruction
Warum speziell Wienerisch
USA --> Democratic Republic of Freeland
That includes buying/selling, but also gifting it
"Geht mir am Arsch vorbei
Crazy
Hm weird I'm pretty sure that the roads were always paved until Liss where the skiing lift starts because I've been there years ago and it was
It's happened a few times that construction work had to be stopped because they dug up some old structures or artifacts that then needed to be evaluated by archeologists and historians
Edit: German wikipedia says that the Kunstistorische (museum of art history) is bigger
They were actually in their early 20s
2 of my 8 favorite neighbors
He is mostly a figure head, though he does have a few things he can do:
Other than that, as many people commented already, asians risking their life for photos
Oh you nailed it
And other than in the UK most nations require a super majority in both referendums and the parliament to leave the EU
Even linguists dont agree, imo its up to you to decide :)
Some of the numbers, however, in comparison with numbers from other countries in relations with their inhabitants, are very low.
Its not an excuse, its explaining why he said what he said.
I read your link and it really doesn't look good for the USA if you consider that you spend more than double the amount on healthcare than most other countires
As an Austrian I'll laugh as long as I still can
Why, thank you
Luxembourgish doesn't really fit into that group
At no point in time was Austria a major player in tax evasion, whilst the Netherlands are the biggest tax avoidance facilitators in the world.
I am a Viennese, can't drive and think that the rest of the country is backwards hellhole
And now nearly 100 years later most of them already speak German.
Ostreich
doesn't mean they won't be happy for the business they get with you, doesn't mean that you have to be all I'm really very sorry or not dare to ask for it at all
Swedish model aka Nordic model which makes buying sex illegal but only for the one who buys it, look it up
And the excessive use of "eh" is not common in northern Germany neither I think
Grüß Sie Gott, Herr Dir
And the law was drafted in 2015.
The leader of the party of "the small man" pretty much trying to sell our country to Russia for financial help during elections
Especially for the generation that lived through the civil wars in the 90s.
What I noticed in the UK as Austrian is that the UK seems to lack in the whole grain bread department
Austria has won this ranking since 1990.
I just love it
And Austria did not exist after WW2 - so guess it does not feel the same anymore :D
Ostmittelbairisch, specifically Viennese, which is a dialect of German.
Your flair just changed during scrolling
Unfortunately this doesn't apply for me because it's not compatible with the contract I have at the moment, but holy am I looking forward to the change in a year's time
The alcohol gets put in the bathtub, stronger stuff would go in the freezer
Gopniks aren't just rual either, quite the opposite in fact
Once you accept that, it makes a lot of sense, because nobody fucking cares what's on the shirt, as long as the font looks nice
It's not always tax free, however it is taxed less than your regular salary.
(Writen) Ich weiß nicht was du meinst, wir labern (is that the standard german word
France = Frankreich (Frankish/French Realm)
(Oke es is ned so weid weg vo da owaöstreichischn grenz owa drotzdem is des a beleidigung)
I was super confused and at some point I told him straightaway to tell me where he is actually from - turned out he was from Chechnya and was ashamed about that
Everything is very intense with them and I feel they are more extreme
In Vienna, the year long public transport ticket costs 365€ a year
: [Märchenprinz] [Küss die Hand, schöne Frau]
All before I turned 18
London, Paris, Amsterdam, Rome,... all would have their charms and interesting details to build story upon
Or anything I‘d see in Austrian cuisine at all (For obvious reasons
Apparently, they don't break that often, but once they do, it takes a long time to fix.
Was born and grew up there, can confirm :( All there is is tourism and some industry, that's it
Of course, we have bears too, but the likelyhood of actually getting in contact with one is near zero and if you do, they will most likely back off and run away
I‘ve heard many from Hufeisen-und (horseshoe-and), to litararisches und (and of literary) or kaufmännisches und (I think that‘s the german name for it: business/businessmans and)
>The USA, famously, doesn't care so you can just renounce your American citizenship and live in stateless bliss
I mean, that's no different here
They by far don't have as much money as their customers deposited.
Legalized, but with restrictions (age limit and amout per person per month or something similar)
Especially Norway
My grandpa is from the southern state of Carinthia and he used to call me "Lota" which means "large man"
- gouda (just normal, young one, the cheese shouldn´t be too dominant in taste in this sandwich imo)
Well yeah, when Germany joined they just slaughtered millions of people.
sweet: Mozartkugeln, Mannerschnitten, Almdudler, Frucade, Zotter, Punschkrapfen.
I guess a lot of people are maybe a bit melancholic when talking about Austria's past.
How does one even determine what most haunted forest in the world is
I am definitely raised in middle class (Dad working in a high rank in government (Hofrat)) environment
Fräulein, as direct translation from "Miss".
Italy
Just speak French and hope for everyone else to either speak it or just don't give a fuck that they don't understand you
Must sting when your only ally falls you in the back and makes a separate peace with France
I've been on a different Greek island for the last 13 years every summer
Defenestration didn't kill anyone
At the time the great switch to civil law happened there were well established law systems everywhere.
Here she is addressing the UN:
Poor you
Not to self: Don't trust that french guy on Reddit about food
Warm 25
Nice fish
Note: idiotic and/or corrupt politicians are an international cancer
Da-nube
As for my hometown of Timișoara, Romania, you have Iulius Town, City Business Center and ISHO as the most modern areas in the city
I'd like to see one, just one, *proper* source about Dugin actually having the amount of influence that our western media are constantly attributing to him.
They hire whites for presentations to give themselves a "Western" look.
Just to sow more confusion
Lots of corruption
If that's not an invasion, I don't know what is
Story checks out
I know what you mean with it sounding more natural to you.
He definetly is the most hated because somehow he still finds a way to feud with every otger public outlet or person
Growing up, we'd lock the front door at night and when going out, and it would not lock automatically, so you could just walk in
Everybody loves him though, and his accents is very funny
How many millions of people did the US slaughter in the past
Vienna
many people are kind of afraid or on edge of everything that is highly different to what they're used to and what they're unfamiliar with
Give me your money
Well you got like 90% of the most dangerous animals so let's call it even
I wish we had that in German
There is always a bit of grey zone with peacekeeping and other UN sanctioned security missions (such as ISAF)
And - this is going to be marmite for some - Marmite
Just because the killer was a muslim doesn't make it more horrible
Actually everybody I talked to was very helpfull, especially the readhead bus driver who usually works on line 14 or 39
I either talk to them about politics or if they have ever stuck their penis and testicles behind their thighs and pretended to have a vagina in front of the mirror
most sophisticated continent in the world
some Austrians here, but mostly Swedes and Germans
There are commas-rules where we put thousands of commas in one sentence
Or as an Austrian I would just use one of these chairs and when they complain, I would tell them, that even though we don´t want a reunion with Germany anymore I appreciate their thought of reserving a place for us Austrians too
It's not a part of the greenhouse effect as long as new trees are replacing the ones that were cut
Every federal state (we have 9) has it‘s own main dialect Austrians usually can pick out right away, kinda like in the US where every state has it‘s own kind of english dialect
That's a bit cold, don't you think?
Well, i kinda liked it
That's just peak roasting
seeing your flair made me remember:
Yes and austria (and some south german areas, mostly south baveria) isn't the only nation that does that
Before the town of fucking got renamed I originally had the village in the Tourism-map
What
Once a month / a year, sure ...
Don't we also have the holy grail in the Schatzkammer?
[The Christmas speech from chancellor Figl after the war in 1945.]
Politics wasn't always that shitty/corrupt
He had German citizenship by the 1930s. Surely you're not saying a foreign born individual can never be a true German
machste nix
@allDutchPeople
Most of the crown lands weren't too happy with the representation and being ruled by a country whose language they didn't even speak but in comparison with how the Belgians ruled in the Congo or things like that, we weren't that bad
"doners woefully incomplete"? Who puts *potatoes* into a Döner, and in what form
Also Voss sold in the US is actually bottled in the US, not in Norway
Time for another Cordoba
I wouldn´t say this still applies nowadays anymore though
I've heard it before, especially at night, but it's not something that happens everytime
Presumably, if only Germany wants this, it'll never come to fruition
Austrian Gallery Belvedere
Considering what I saw from a colleague of mine I understand why, children loose them way to often, so they are easy to replace
Last death sentence on our soil was by hanging
* arm - (poor ; however: **A**rm means the same as the English word)
There is a saying in western Austria, the Balkan starts in Vienna
A Tourist should never hitler around or order schnitzel with saucer
I have to agree
damn nice
Idk)
-**standard bag of medicine
Those are stand alone verbs like 'to fuck'
For me it's the opposite because I grew up with Monty Python.
Watching tv, playing lego/with barbies, running around in the forest, playing with other children in the village, going around by bike
And beyond that I don’t drink anything made outside of Czechia/Bavaria/Austria
were also at war
First run called Marathon was in Greece though,  first with the distance nowadays in London
A municipal flat or condo flat will cost you about 500 to 800 EUR
｡◕ ‿ ◕｡
here it's, in steps of 1
That's because you've been to Tyrol
So, what's the problem
I mean, there are a few words for rural areas or the middle of nowhere, Provinz, Pampas, Hinterland, Arsch der Welt etc
Simp King
So I only know 2 private universities and they are for psychology and medicine
That one is like the inverse Austrian flag
The most successful alpine skier in history was indeed a Swedish man, not Norwegian: Ingemar Stenmark
I can go on
"that Island north of Europe"
For hunting the limit is 2+1 here
We bitch about it a lot but we would never leave.
[Earth - The Bees Made Honey in the Lion's Skull]
Thank you Hungary for the paprika and the music, and Croatia for the amazing vacations even though I was almost sent to jail there once
Buuut where is Austria D:
Minden blown
I'm ashamed of myself
Well yeah everybody speaks English thanks to the American hegemony but Brits don't speak any second language for the most part.
I live in Vienna and I sometimes drive to other cities/villagers per train
Does nuclear include the co2 costs of mining uranium and storing the spent rods?
Also a very positive general outlook on the future.
> followed by Italy on second place with 12
Well, thats like i felt 2 years ago
Agur
Just park next to the trucks that are staying overnight, and you would be fine.
I kon iwaroll sei, ollawei, und i hau da auf iwa 700 ortn dei gfriss ei, und des netamol mit meiner Steyr AUG.
It’s basically on the same level as Any other non EU country with no special treatment to be expected
The view from the Gloriette at Schloss Schönbrunn is also very nice
At the moment, we're really proud of director [Michael Haneke] and he's winning awards all over the place.
The amount of tourists that get the language wrong though is quite weird
I would hate that clearly defined social group and liked the more close
Rural-West Austria: Oachkatzlschwoaf
They had put a limit on how many busses are allowed to enter the city per day in 2019 because they have up 900k tourists/year
They are sold unrefrigerated and they stay that way at home
Therefore it has some shortcomings in the a2a theater that the Rafale doesn't have.
Sorry, but what is your post about?
(And supermarkets which are quite lovely)
Van der Bellen is clear winner:
The Spanish Ornithological Society in Madrid estimates that Spain's 18,000 wind turbines may be killing 6 million to 18 million birds and bats annually.
Also he never talked about his time in the Wehrmacht at all with me or my dad, so that's all I know
Gotta love our neighbors
Only Estonians are able to even read what's in there in the first place, so very few will take a look from outside.
Sorry, It
Unfortunately this is never going to happen, because the EU will never stand together in such a matter
Actually, and this is my personal impression, due to the fact that American media was everywhere, it felt more like a fairytale land than an actual place
I do too, North Sea Empire sounds way more epic than England and Norway
I won't burst his bubble by telling him that Seiko is actually Japanese
Just imagine all the chaos in Aldi
Also, it doesn't really sound like an anthem to me
*looks at Finland* are you even for real, mate
sponsored by huawei
Thanks Italy, especially the towns along the old "Austrian Riviera" (Jesolo, Grado, Triest, Caorle, Lignano etc
carinthia wannabes
The languages are very similar.
It clearly says "Hochrechnung inklusive Wahlkarten-Prognose".
"am deutschen Wesen soll die Welt genesen"
That Austria started WW2
And thank you
Yeah, people need to stop thinking that Buddhism is just the version of it popular in the west, it's at least as diverse as Christianity AFAIK.
Didn't some redditor who works at ÖBB post a photo from inside the cockpit
"better", he says
My Austrian grandmother had a bidet, and apparently it was quite modern when she installed it somewhen in the 60s. At some point it fell out of fashion and I don't know any lately built house to have one
I love cars but I'm still not sad, it's going to be fine I'm sure
We once united with some Prussians and other germanics.
I'm positively surprised Austria does not read "MAFIA".
Becker | ÖVP | 343 | **pro**
Frankreich, fick ja
I always wondered why they don't just walk to the next town
No I am not saying that - but if Spain decides to cut off Gibraltar from land access to Spain or decides to not let Gibraltar bound planes use its airspace (remeber no deal Brexit also means no open skies agreement)  - why should it intervene against a member state for a non member state ?
Do that many people in Danmark have a garden
Don't know the statistics about UNI Innsbruck, but there's loads of German economic refugees here as well.
Because even though you agree less with the SPÖ you'd rather have a left party in coalition than your favorite party in opposition
I think we don’t have mandatory vaccinations - but to have access to a lot of social services you need to have an up to date “mutter kind pass” (mother - child pass)
They travel from Bulgaria (possibly Romania too?) by busses and go to Sweden to make easy money.
People were super confused about this new, waaay smaller Austria and couldn't identify with it.
it’s mostly phrases like "Jetzt erst recht" or "THC Strache" that are used ironically they ain’t real templates tho
How would the modern world be
Tips are where the grammar is explained and it's just not available in German, for whatever reason
Wars have been started for lesser offences
I was way too scared to do anything, ask for my money back or even call the police
I don't even know why
nothing but Smetov Yeldos is a maschine
The alcohol gets put in the bathtub, stronger stuff would go in the freezer
ketër- [ketər]
The one big famous is the memorial on the Schwarzenberg Plaza, always confusing tourists which didn't know Austria was for 10 years occupied after the 2nd WW
Nein
When looking at the comments of those accounts, one notice that they mostly comment on things regarding right populist parties of various countries.
It roughly means: "Hast du das bereits gemacht
And in the end people will say "nothing has happened" and we'll never hear about it again, also mainly because major media and news outlets are to profit off the directive so they're inclined to keep it that way
Just that they usually stay there, without being used / carried around
This is the center of a major Austrian city, from above
If you call someone saying “hey there is a problem here that can be solved like this, but in the end it’s up to you” jingoism well - then everything is jingoism as soon as someone dares to say anything that doesn’t fall in line with UK wishes
For a potential employer a woman dropping out for a few months is not as big of a problem as that women being gone for years or just stopping to work completely.
And before I'd have [some-stupid-username]@gmail
I had to be flown to hospital by helicopter and then stayed there for quite some time
He's been seen in the U1 (subway line) too
Spending a whole day in a train can be nice, but it gets less and less exciting very fast if it essentially means that your 2 week holiday lasts only 12 days
Actually he is more like a comedian, who is voted in the EU Parlament and doing funny stuff
Yeah, I'm sure Austrian beers are sold in larger quantities.
But you need to drive around 50 minutes to the south, over the great Voralpenland plain, in order to see some Alps
Freyung
„Benutzername prüft aus“ darad ma drüman auf /r/de jiatzad song
Just not from Paris for some reason
When that stopped being the case it was kind of considered not okay anymore to wildly annex any neighbor you see fit without consequences
The problem is that the sub here isn't very representative either way.
Still, it shocks me when I see it and I am unable to understand why people do such things
For example, if we want to describe a certain thing we just plaster two words/nouns together
I dislike the landscape and most of the music artists.
We have so many other sociopaths that never get the recognition they deserve lol
Their categories seem quite strange to me though...
* Group E: Spain, Sweden, Poland, Play-off winner B
Exactly my thoughts
Stir constantly, they burn very easily
Yes, we do, and at Easter as well: Weihnachtsbock und Osterbock
Sometimes I also ask my friends „what‘s ..... in german
Americans talk about their heritage as something fun in the past.
Beating out Iraq, no less
Sippola	FI
It only crops up in some newspapers well after the fact
hook
Made great goals for playing football
If I go to bed every time at 11pm I still have no problem going to sleep at 9pm when I need to get up two hours earlier the next day, even though I'm not as tired as I usually am while going to bed
I don't think the stereotypical European parliament has that many parties because some won't make it in countries that have thresholds
Constitution laws are changed all the time
A friend of mine recently came back from being in the States for 5 months and basically what he told me is that going to church is something which he enjoyed much more there than here in Austria
I love how this guy brought in millions of Pakistanis to secure more voters for labour so they can win elections and it backfired as now no sane white person votes labour.
You can't hate it, when you always forget about it
Like, literally, they stood there talking to me with words that I had no idea what they meant
It started as a joke and now some grocery chains are selling it (allegedly)
The people who have tried it, generally hated it, me included.
I was mindblown when I found out where it comes from a while ago when learning German
The Austrian government has that too
It *was* a shit ton of silver after all
By plane: You land, grab your luggage, and leave
There have been again huge protests the last few years due to the central government trying to enforce things there
My grandfather worked in a soviet factory after WWII during the occupation and lived in the soviet sector
All by themselves
Yeah riding such a thing down a mountain would certainly be a riot
It also isn‘t considered abnormal to just run around in a Dirndl through Downtown
Tuat ma lad
And the "old men" also remember WW2 and the effects afterwards.
Living in a catholic country
Not break but get passt the locking mechanism which usually is weaker than the one of doors, and it is not like those doors look like they are steel plated
So you can't call yourself like "King Michael VI
AFAIK it's also an emergency bunker for the government in the case of an attack
(now casualties go into thousands)
Linz: heavy industry and some biotech
Austria isn't perfect but I do think it's one of the nicest countries to live in
The sea
But wine
I am from Austria and I remember that my mother had to add additional safety features to our sockets so I and my younger sister wouldn't be in danger if we somehow tried to play with the sockets (think of 2-6 year olds trying to discover everything around the house).
No wonder a large portion of the population is fat
Shame on all airports that don't provide free tap water (or filtered, if tap water isn't drinkable there) behind security
None of my colleagues seem to find it strange/dangerous
My comment wanted to say how these polls of ''two-thirds of Britons'' are same that said ''Britain will stay in EU''
their OS must have crashed
Yeah, I simply don't trust them to press delete on that data afterwards
In Burgenland some people say you can't hang up your clothes to dry on Sundays.
Okay, long time since i heard the song last.
In lower austria (which is basicly next door to vienna, it even surrounds it) thats basicly the austrian equivalent to country roads
I just read how Sweden knocked Denmark-Norway out within a year and only through the bloodthirst and hubris of Karl XII's defeat at Poltawa was Denmark brave enough to reenter the war
truly 1 of the worst era's of architecture.
Yeah but after that the desire for getting rid of the Habsburg subsided immensely
yes, but my wife isn't currently working so she cooks fresh meals everyday and usually we eat together with the kids when I come from work
Fun history fact:
I think you're the first person I've seen who doens't like Germnknödel
Yeah, suddenly all of austria would hate graz instead
You burn the wood you chopped in the same year
(I'm guessing it's probably simply too similar to the mainstream Plunder dough pastries here, and it wouldn't catch on from a commercial standpoint to have something that's almost but not quite the same)
I feel honoured
Tollo	IT
Whenever I see this I tip an employee of the hotel to get rid of 'em right away
(he just gained enough votes to win some seats in Parliament, partly due to this)
it's all a huge tax evasion scam and normal people can't find apartments to rent anymore because it's all used for what's basically illegal hotels now
By the time Italy was unified in 1870 North Italy had industrialised while the South was still stuck in an agricultural economy
I’m stunned
As I expected
There are also gay people, lesbians, people with no interest in romantic partners and, well, straight women that are *not* competing to get a girlfriend as soon as they enter Norway
Regel 1:
Austrians tend to be pretty risk-avers, or at least that's how we see ourselves.
Military, Code Civil, organizing the state etc
My dialect is way too far gone to even consider calling a handy/smartphone "Telefon" non-sarcastically
But there are many people that don’t make a line at all
= I don't know what to say
Well, the word already existed before and described the work/period that a serf had to work for his feudal lord (Corveé in English)
Most people from countries with sizable Roma populations are racist against them unfortunetaly
Wenn man es nicht erster Stock nennt, ist es auch keiner
I only saw them at Vienna’s Airport or on duty when protecting embassies
E.g. earn 2300€ net - 700€ rent, 300€ food, 300€ hobbies
Toll, das ist genau was ich gesagt habe
I forgot to mention that there a many different regional variants, I just listed the ones I eat most of the time
Although this does look a little...
Instead, if you're worried about your financial future, consider working just a little more.
You see Austria was in a bad spot after WW1
>Schenker (logistics)
Same
However, even now, they have every right imaginable for a minority
At least in football you'd most likely play professionally at that age if you're any good.
So the smallest bottle they sell is half a gallon
>we're trying really hard, but we're just too stupid
[People were prepared]
A subtle difference but one a native speaker would indubitably notice
Im a historian xD Also helps that I love France
But I guess Kiosk exists in the dictionary even though nobody uses it.
EKO Cobra (basically SWAT) have the AUG A3 in .300 Blackout
Are there any official communication channels from the EU commission, that give details about what that deal will most likely include, or what has been negotiated so far
For those not in the know:
This is really cool - why doesn't it have any upvotes
Ranch Dressing & Cool Ranch Doritos (we have Doritos here, but only 2 flavors)
Yeah, university degrees should be comparable - but please dont force all schools in the EU to operate the same way
There's 24 *official EU languages* alone (and Catalan isn't one of them), so including all the official and unofficial minority languages it is certainly closer to 40-50
Some of them turned out to be quite functional
Ponchielli - Dance of the Hours
Kanns dir nicht verdenken \^^
This is the average monthly salary including housing, transport, and other benefits
Majority of people here know it
If you'd ask me too quick, I'd state with full confidence that the Czech Republic is part of eastern europe
(Also short extra fact: Schönbrunn is one of the ten zoos in Europe that are allowed to have pandas
The reasoning for the US election system has been outdated for quite over a century
That was going to stick either way but the prosecution failed to establish whether the boy was implying consent or not.
>CK2
I could guess the intend, pigs really fucking like acorns
First thing I'd recommend is switching from your Sparbuch to a Tagesgeldkonto (money market account).
Is there a subreddit for Northern African countries
) but they were so amazed we have fridges (and not only for shops or so, but in our houses
Vaccinations should never be a choice
Apart from that having old buildings around creates a great atmosphere and sense of community
It's not as bad as people think though
We didn't do nothing
The average student in Germany costs 11,000 a year.^[1]
Life impressonment in Austria is at least 15 years and on average 22
Chilly: 4 to 14
I never had problems with the so-called "rude Parisians" either
Thank you Hungary for the paprika and the music, and Croatia for the amazing vacations even though I was almost sent to jail there once
Grew up in Linz
It's better to know this than to put trust in an ally who might backstab you.
Pretty shure he just comes from the west and can't differentiate them because he doesn't speak them
European unity is a good concept in principle, but the same doesn't apply to imperialist powers of the past who tried to push the perceived supremacy of their culture and language on the people they subjugated
She usually lets the oil run on really low heat and does most heating with the tiled woodstove
That time when Austria became an Archduchy, something never heard or seen before
I don't think there's a major language with easier grammar than English
German/Austrian beer is generally better than Belgian beer and the stuff they call beer in the US
Catalan sovereignty is a huge issue of contention
Not common, but also not too uncommon
I am not a fan of it - and I think that those loopholes need to be closed - better today then tomorrow.
the four notes from Beethoven's 5th or Wagner's Bridal Chorus are probably even more recognizable
It's really more of a destruction site
I'm trying not to be so judgemental about it
I wouldn't want to live in the US.
Well, let's talk about Kosovo then
And people wonder why the Japanese think that we're the German speaking nation with culture
It won't be close as today but be ready for that." by user ZodiacT10 (ZodiacT90 is the founder of the_hofer, maybe a sock puppet or just an alt-right meme name...).
Not sure, but I believe the Germans reserved that one for themselves.
see my comment [here]
I mean if I wouldn't know it better, that would sound plausible to me tbh
Just a little heads up: EU citizens can vote on a local level *everywhere* in the EU, if they have their permanent residence there
One of the old (K.u.K) double eagles would also be cool ... But not really fitting since we aren't a monarchy :/
My favorites so far are Iran and Moldavia
"Zo ne grote vuurball, Jonge
And after this horrendous claim we educate that person, that Hitler was born in Austria and because of this, we are supirior to the Germans
fuck that overweight guy in the north, we're the true rivals
In Austrian produced movies, series and "Reality TV" it's very prevelant, mostly various forms of vianesse.
I found that pretty neat
Franz Sacher knew that this was a unique opportunity for him and thus created the icon of all desserts: The Original Sacher Torte
Million - Milliarde - Billion - Billiarde
I just looked it up and you really have to take that into context
I'd recommend just putting it in a money market account.
Antifa was founded as a paramilitary group of the German communist party in the Weimar Republic
We know rather little about them as far as purpose goes, we do know that they have been built over the course of at least the past 1000 years, maybe longer
Of course, gotta make everything about "muh rapefugees" right?
I brought in proof
man this is a tragedy i hope they are able to rebuild it after this
633
Eastempire
In Romania it’s Frutti Fresh
Nah that's just exit, he never said he nukes Wales, Scotland or North Ireland.
Whether Kaiserschmarrn is a full meal or just desert
Let's just say I was happy when my grandma's license was taken away because she certainly was a great danger to herself and others
In some countries of the former austro-hungary it is better known as "march of executioners" or "march of death".
* Going to work unless it's absolutely necessary
* pole (Pole = Polish man)
But I am happy if it has changed to the better
Modern day Greece on the other hand and the modern definition of greekness is mostly a result of the making of modern Greece after the revolution and the age of nationalism
I don't need people to die to think that driving drunk should be punished so I don't need there to be proof of actual fraud when the rules have been ignored that are there to make fraud impossible.
The diseases which vaccines prevent against - whether it's polio or even the flu - are not a joke
we have those rather seldom - mostly the ones where my keychainthing works fine :)
Most conservative parties do have programs and members that are homophobic, sexist and racist
I know others love them, but to me they are totally gross
Gay people can get married now (old news), even if one of the partners has the nationality of a  country where gay marriage is illegal (new news)
"Europe is utopia so let's walk there"?
All they ever do is call into question established facts
12°C in Vienna, it's absolutely insane
It is really sad that hardly anyone knows about it.
I always thought that if they would be able to destroy a significant landmark, that it would have a bigger overall effect than killing people.
But they are rare in my memory.
Absolutely not
Don't go into the mountains unprepared
Idk I know back then my brother always had those big
A Austria
For all I care Apple computer could be made out of solid gold in America that doesn't affect me one bit as long as they are not available to me in Europe.
i wonder what happened to the windows
Translating is Mega Hard you know
On the club level there were a few hickups in the past years but I would be a real surprise if Austria would be able to pull it off
But your voter's notifcation card does
doesn't mean they won't be happy for the business they get with you, doesn't mean that you have to be all I'm really very sorry or not dare to ask for it at all
I wanna say we'd probably only win because it involves drinking beer
In winter the water recedes and the lake is almost empty
we read and write in english
For some regional stuff, or local celebrities it's better than the English one
I obly heard that people who were born long after WWII don't want to apologize, just acknowledge it
Especially since I'm from Innsbruck, which is somewhat close, and there is no snow to be seen near and far, not even on the mountains.
In Greece, where I grew up, it's pretty common
yes, I learned swedish after learning norwegian, and it was the most surprising thing to hear swedes say that norwegian goes so much up and down with the melody
Yes, I'd like that for my own country.
After Schengen, that doesn't happen.
Maybe it has also to do with the fact that Heidi Klum is a very unfunny person
Same here
Its a system made by humans, run by humans, so of course it has its flaws
Nice: 15 to 20
I am not satisfied at all with how things are going
Stacked wood is Schichtmeter or Ster
I liked the episode of the Gilmore Girls, where Rory's rich grandparents have some guests over from the Netherlands, a young girl and an older gentleman I think, and they don't speak a single word of English
Have to admit, I am shocked and aroused at the same time.
Yeah, everything between world war 1 and 2 is the first thing which comes in my mind
There were actually quite a few people(Americans mostly) who wanted the German version plus the printed version(we had those on hand in about 15 languages) of the text in English.
Some wordplays simply dont translate
Or are there prepared areas where people come together and plant trees there
// Also it should be noted that a good percentage of Austrians live in Vienna
Most people would think it's an imperial eagle, as it is very similar
A mild version would be an improvement
I read the first two parts in the former translation, the third in the latter
Everybody basically hates his portfolio, meaning government will be slashed, as it should be.
>proper German you'd say "in Urlaub"
Idk how many people know about Linz, St
Coincidentally, I asked about websites that list all euro coins in r/coins not too long ago.
I've never heard of Brita; what's it for
O tempora, o mores
Stop forcing young kids to make decisions early on.
Pressburg is totally uncommon today, as is Laibach, except with older people.
), Alhambra in Granada, Xativa, the gate towers of Valencia (they kinda castle-like), Alcazar in Cordoba, Alcazar in Sevilla, that old castel thing on the hill in Malaga, batteries on the Rock of Gibraltar, Castillo de Almodovar del Rio, Castillo de Javier in Navarra, Palacio Real de Olite in Navarra, Uxue in Navarra, Castillo de Carlos V. in Hondarribia, the castle on Urgull in Donostia, Castel Sant'Angelo, the Vatican, I think there used to be a bunch of palaces on the Palatin Hill (thus the name *palace*) and I've been there, some place close to Verona, Akkon, Knossos, some other place on Crete, some place on Kos, some place on Corfu, some place in Girona (?), some place in Barcelona (?), Limassol,  and probably a bunch of others
Döner Kebab
And where I was (Meynooth) they had only White bread
Right
Nobody remembers Uncle Joe who drowned when he was drunk again in 1890 but being a descendant of MARK TWAIN HIMSELF!
/Mrs
I always counted russian soldiers on holiday in foreign countrys fighting without uniform as terrorists
If I had to do all those things in the narrow confines of some app I'd go crazy with how constricted it feels
Austria ‚conquered‘ huge territories and partnered up with many powerful allies by marrying family into royal houses throughout the world since the late middle ages
Super useful to have in your briefcase
Having a hard time
See, we already suffer enough from germans who cannot drive up the mountains and go awfully slow
I live near Salzburg and I've eaten there a few times but I had no idea that it was THAT old
Schwedenbomben have a 95% market share among "Mohrenküsse" in Austria, because they're the best
But I have the same feeling (and I think it's like that among my family, families I know and circle of friends) just like you said
The hussars refused to give them any of the schnapps and, still drunk, set up makeshift fortifications around the barrels
I said I cook a lot and you assumed I must love it then :)
sweet dishes as the main dish
We got you in our news almost daily and it's 90% about *The Donald*.
History, social studies, languages, maybe even maths (like, learning how the pearl index works), or chemistry
PSVita: Default background
Later, in 1944, he was stationed near Normandy (I'm not sure exactly where, sadly
Not including taxes in the prices in a grocery store
But at least they got 1GBps internet
It’s allright, but I subjectively can’t see myself spending my whole life here
Has been for years
I am not advocating for Clinton ( i consider her - on a policiy level - more or less equal to moderate republicans).
Which became Erdapfel for most Austrians :)
- a bit about Phoenicians/Carthago
To add to that: Even if you are in a country that usually has dubbed movies (which are absolutely horrible by the way), like say any German speaking country, you'll usually still be able to find English cinemas though.
They even have 400 different kinds, just to make sure to hit everyone's tastes.
Now I'm back though, and thank god, can't stand those smiling assholes
I visited Helsinki this summer and expected to see this
Didn’t think that even the youth is so political over there
It should at least become a common option
we read and write in english
I don't think you can repeat it in every city
You sound like a peach
Personally, I think you should dump half of this, or $36
meh, I found tropical rainforests to be surprisingly benign, especially since there's not really any undergrowth
Do you have a link on how it works (in any country where it's a thing) ?
Pro Hint: Austria with Käsekrainer
Nice: 15 to 25
Because there's guys like Kjetil Jansrud who are scarily good.
Its nice for like
Yeah, I can understand why it might sound arrogant.
It's very a similar dish, only that Spinatknödel usually are bigger
Meh, Micro USB-A and USB-C are pretty much standard nowadays
The actual translation of the sentence is: „Don‘t worry, you can play louder“. The word „ruhig“ means quiet, but is also used as „don’t worry“.
That is actually remarkable
I am not surprised about that and I am also not satisfied with the slow and insufficient reaction from our politicians regarding the refugee crysis
The only places I've ever been mugged were Tokyo and Vienna, two of the so called safest cities on earth
well, you know, earlier
There are some words or sayings that are only common in Austria
Same
I agree
Whenever I visit a friend, I always take them off
I'm not fond of the after effects but the taste is good
[Also, we should never forget this one
Well, it's most definitely Kärnten now.
Source: Am family tech support
They sure had a reason to leave though.
I did not know that and it's fucked up
Not really, since the vote in Bulgaria still doesn't affect you directly.
You can't buy apple juice and carbonated water in the netherlands
And this minority in Scania wants to be independent or do they want to join Denmark?
Can someone that is familiar with military stuff tell me why everyone wants to buy this expensive fighter?
I think I was 4 or 5
How rampant and deadly IS drunk driving in the US?
Absolutely disgusting
I think there should be a rebranding of marriage.
We removed it and the user also deleted it, I don't believe you can be much more throw.
But denying the facts is also a little immature.
I wasn't trying to say you should have understood her if that's how it came out
Yeah, some day, when all this shit is over, we will travel again
Also the state Greeze is in is somehow connected to the rest of the EU.
If you are as good as in alpine skiing you cerntainly need that practice :)
Politicians in these countries then used the cheap money to plaster over structural deficiencies with deficit spending
At the risk of sounding incredibly immodest: yes
Also saw this long time ago on the internet.
Anyway, I would be much obliged if you could perhaps help me do away with my (false ?) impression of Spain and list some examples :)
No there are just more people where she is - especially in comparison with arizona
But I could imagine it would go really well in Czechia or Slovakia
"Well, we must recognise that he was not member of the SA, but only his horse
Not as bad as an Austrian local politician greeting our most well-known soccer player of the national team in english though
I found [iShares STOXX Europe 600] which seems to be low-cost for Europe (0.20% TER).
His legacy is not only his anticommunism,earning him the veneration of neocons for decades, but also the enabling and nurturing of a culture of denial and covering up of child diddling within the curch
First spending hours in the kitchen cooking an awsome breakfast for your kids and then being ok with them only taking a bite before they leave
Finally, Southern Europe is the Catholic and essentially Romanic countries with a major seafaring tradition
- Iraq
But honestly, ist the same in both cities.
Quite funny for Austria but Josef Ressel invented the world's first working screw propellor for a ship, eliminating the need for sails
how times of political infiltration change.
Sevilla
It's not
Huskat or Kat/Katt/Katt - cat/Katze) And if I see a sentence with the translation next to it I can easily guess wich word is supposed to be which
No idea, but our [Zimtschnecken] ( cinnemon snails) are awesome.
A sharp knife cuts even through soft things and doesn't squash anything
Do it slowly, dunno why, just feels right.
Even if you end up with two blocks like in the cold war they both restricted each others movement so much that they were as much symbiotic as they were antagonistic.
I loved it
Oh my fucking god, yes
according to this map, it sould be renamed **uncommon law** though
We had "Maturastreich" but that is done after the final exams in the last week of school
It's not like they were open elections and soldiers with guns weren’t posted in front of the election buildings
I would just like to chime in and remind you that executive order is not at all the right term here.
Ah intresting, I didn't know that
Attnang-Puchheim is even worse in my opinion
I can't even pronounce half of the words.
-My bike was stolen in Vienna
> You can have the same store in different counties (subset of states) and can have different taxes
Without clicking it: *Love Love Peace Peace....* :D
It says that use of force is not appropriate when there is "only small damage", so you can't shoot someone who stole a few euros from you
They have the most opt-outs of all member state and this won't change any day soon.
Right now Brussels can't do shit about that.
I just didn't scroll far enough, so I asumed the comments about Schottland were deleted
I partly agree with that, personally I think just politically now is kind of better than the rest of our history, because we‘re finally independent and neutral
Our constitution is an interwar constitution as well
In Austria, "I am from Austria" from Reinhard Fendrich
Trains can slow down as well, but that is usually due to rail quality changing
Anyways even if there was referendum Scots would never vote to leave UK
Uhm, isn't that the whole point of writing in cursive
Especially because Russia proved to be an everlooming hate figure
Pölten
In German, the bird is called "Storch". Strong means "Stark".
I met some non natives who speak German fluently
Of course more people know Falco outside of Austria
But then paper also wins against two things, so it's kinda even
Are there any official communication channels from the EU commission, that give details about what that deal will most likely include, or what has been negotiated so far
No one would allow this if it would be a new thing instead of "part of our culture"
.. I feel you
I've always liked Greece's and Ireland's.
>Counties people don't joke about: Salzburg, Tyrol, Vorarlberg, Styria
I just want someone to look at me the way trump looks at putin
Its a form of gambling in my mind and should therefore fall under those laws
I think it's a bit of a pity we let the right folks occupy the flag
I shall take you on in a duel as a guardian for my brothers and sisters in the south wester german language area!
German Stuhl is a chair, Russian стул is a table
Of course
case in point, even hitler [sounded nice when he was not screaming]
The Swiss go shopping into neighboring countries all the time because food is less expensive there
Some of the more elaborate choreographies have a slight "homoerotic" aspect.
" when we feel like we've sufficiently expressed ourselves and are still not understood
For example, if we want to describe a certain thing we just plaster two words/nouns together
“ implores the listener to to act in a way that could be the basis foundation of a universal legislation
The odds are as good as they'll ever get
Well it's Hungarian, but part of our Cuisine:
“And if I can put it to you, for someone like myself, it was in 1933, the year of my birth, that Hitler was democratically elected in Germany.
We don't like it, though
I really want to learn to swordfight
If I had to do all those things in the narrow confines of some app I'd go crazy with how constricted it feels
Literally taliban
Kind of weak for cartoons of the week.
except the right to adopt children together
The 9th May is Europe day
But I've meant the official Name given by lada is 4x4 Taiga, were in other countries it's called just 4x4 or Bronto
Spaniards wouldn't feel well represented.
Bad Schnitzel sounds like a Kurort
At every bigger festival they put this up cause it saves men a lot of time and women too cause we dont habe to go on dixi toilets
Not to be a pedant, but it's spelled gorilla marketing
He was interview by the public broacaster a while ago (he had organized an exhibition in Austria), and the interview was controversial enough for the public broadcaster to immediately distance itself from Böhmermann's statements
Well, the US ending with the 2 dudes in „Love, actually“ was probably even more more cringy for Americans than it was for me
They suck balls, but are good enough to get you up a icy/snowy road
Politicians have openly said the UK can't leave the club due to its perceived disadvantages but cherry pick the perceived advantages for themselves.
Bosnian is not the same as Bosniak.
The food in other places around the hotel wasn't much better
Just the one's I remember now...
Something that needs the be said especially about people from France is: They speak english pretty well but only once the tried to speak french to you for like 10 minutes, not believing that neither you nor any of you colleagues (which was usually 2
If you go off road, the alps, but ither than that you'll topically see a smaller farming village every few minutes
Like on maybe one day in a year.
I have been to Barcelona (as an incentive by my company) for (only) 3 days and instantly fell in love with that city
What we need now is no more broadening
With the same word 5 times in a row it still makes perfekt sense, and shows how important capitalisation is in German
Würstel / Wirschtl is normal here
/mu is actually used extremely often in physics
- So close to the election thwarting Wilders, so sending more of a message to the voters that they don't need to go far-right to oppose Erdogan.
What could go wrong in a race to the bottom?
haha and I just wanted to post this [relevant introduction to the topic in german]
Then stop buying fruits picked by illegal immigrants.
Nope, looking at results per state would also mean that VdB likely would have won.
I was going to say the same thing
Sure, that might be fringe part of former ÖVP members, but neither Strolz nor Meinl-Reisinger are excessively right-wing, economically speaking
I am upper Austrian, I am Austrian, I am German, I am European.
Other than that i guess we're rather one of the "good to haves" than the essentials
Then an exclamation mark
It's always been like that and it's fine - your country's actions have the biggest impact on the world so naturally, the news outlets will focus on it
Since it’s not based on „we don’t like you“ aka feelings but hard numbers which can be traced back and verified
Try to fine me something like this near Vienna or Salzburg
Very medicinal as well if you got a bad stomach or anything really ;)
As already said, in Austria has an opt-out system for organ donation.
You hardly ever find a thread about Switzerland or Austria.
Maybe it's because I'm biased but I do tend to find a lot of Austrian comments
* Manderl: Small creatures which live in nature
I'd like to put some of my assets toward the European stock market (including non-Euro countries, e.g.
how would having to deal with cheques be more convenient than that?
I personally only do some peaceful shopping, buying beer, kofola and some slovak food
you could form a group with the other former yugoslavian countries, wouldn't that be fun?
Around 16 to 18° Celsius, minimum
I am already learning Italian, but only for about a year and on duolingo, so this kind of counts as my first pick already
Appearantly it has 20° rn here
Has to be "I am from Austria" from Rainhard Fendrich
Both of them are worse than Ottakringer in my opinion
Much of the missconceptions about the EU came from UKIP propaganda which was mostly just factually wrong and Nigel Farage apparently was on a russian payroll
But not part of the continent)
What
and the official names always contain -stoff
Face reality at some point
You have *got* to be shitting me
Our teacher using teaching methods from the 1960s (taking turns reading out loud in class for *hours and hours*) wasn't really a huge turn-on for reading
Do you really think that after so many delays this will actually happen before 2016 is over?
I'm sure <99% of all native german speakers *can* yodel
The whole discussion in this thread isn't as much about geography as it is about politics and culture
And so is straight out telling you
He argued that the British government was “treating the entire nation as suspects” by ignoring safeguards on retaining and accessing personal communications data.
Why not just pronounce it the way you say cone
>currywurst
You can add as many 3rd world countries to the list as you want it doesn't change a thing.
Maybe also a bit like [this song about Schnitzl]
even though i'm fine with good beer.
- I sometimes wear my Lederhose just for fun
Wow, never heard about the frugal four
Someone working there that knows you calls you up and gets you few hours here and there.
Äiya Ëarendil Elénion Äncalima
We actually do, it's called Weihnachtsbock
Apfelsaft gspritzt eg would be Apfelschorle (Only Weinschorle is called Mischung (I have heard people call Johannisbeerschorle - does that exist
* making some symbols illegal
Perhaps this could be alleviated a bit by voting for a person instead of a party.
To Vienna, where they belong
People there ask for cigarettes, without saying "Bitte".
Apparently it's "Pfaffenschlag bei Waidhofen an der Thaya". 35 letters
It's never completely the same, but actually quite similar for the bmfj, bmvit and bmwfw for instance.
The civilized world doesn't have death sentences and for good reasons.
except for the viking part, but we can change
massacres done by greeks do not legitimize massacres and genozide done by turks.
But newer high-speed lines have already been built in standard gauge
Just want for everyone to have a good time
As a non-native Russian speaker I can only confirm this
What are all these stunty towers for
It's number one then, I mean look at his hair...
As the breading soaks itself
This is my favourite building in all of Austria and I live like 4 mins away
SPÖ | **5** | 0 | 0
Kant lived in the 18th century so any implication of racism in the modern sense is ridiculous
Ah, Überbacher
Now that you mention it, we have kinda the same problem with ärgern in German
It took us 5 min to figur out that our definition of a mountain are drasticly different
A lot of them are trying hard to mainstream themselves, which includes denouncing racism.
Woah, what the hell
So I know I'm late but you don't commute via car, or do you
I hate it
I can confirm
Same with [Holz - 257ers] (/were all pretty overplayed)
Aside from that they may hold some solid conservative views, but it is behind a very questionable shield, which is very very hard to overlook
When you fika a girl, she better be on edge...
The hundreds of thousands of dead happened during the botched occupation.
Perfect ESC material
Antisemitism was specifically coined to mean hatred of jews.
Noticed the same trend
Honestly, the entire first republic seems to have been just one ridiculous mess after another
I definitely plan to go there again on my own terms after Corona
Is there a subreddit for Northern African countries
Antisemitism in general - I am not talking about the holocaust, the hostility against Jewish people didn't just come out of nowhere during the Nazi regime and in central Europe it unfortunately has a long history with constant persecutions and massacres
I can tell you, he definitely didn't want to play the victim card here
You left out the important information here: *Do you like it
Just use a less ambivalent language.
Those are just some of the basic ones every employee gets regardless of what you do
UK citizens and politicians have deluded themselves into thinking it is possible, likely even
The customer doesn't expect to buy German Nutella because he has no concept of German Nutella.
I think it gave all the populist parties another very good argument they can use to further their anti-EU sentiment
But aren't there many counties missing
I guess because most common heard English speaking media sounds "American", especially (pop-)songs
Enjoy
This paper deals with data from the National Crime Victimization Survey (NCVS) which is conducted in the US.
I mean the Earth's Sun and Moon
also Radler
Quite safe but nearly anyone is doing it today, also there a only few who would give you a ride.
However every class also had a cupboard with little square compartments the perfect size for slotting textbooks into
And plenty places with names that are not accurate "anymore". Eg
Plus: All movies are dubbed so you can basically live your whole life in a German bubble.
No matter how I personally feel about Brexit, something that ranged from an initial feeling of betrayal to an eventual feeling of exasperated resignation, I don't wish for people to suffer because some of them felt the need to get out of what they perceived as a bad deal.
Source of a steady flow of medical doctors, business(wo)men and beggars that come to Austria
I once locked myself out of my apartment and had to climb in through the balcony
So I'd consider that pretty much German
It was very popular in the past but now AFAIK it's nearly dead
Like a cafè/coffee house
Also there are some jokes that Vorarlberg is the Austrian version of New Zealand just because it gets forgotten sometimes
I think it's funny
And after that with river Po ending (I think
any random restaurant will have quality Schnitzel
(Both aren‘t, but there are the other two really big parties that are pretty homophobic in my book
Although Austria has a strong far-right party, it's still in opposition.
And nobody cares about them
Then there is a medieval castle thats a great place to take a hour long walk to
Many people would say [Alf Poier] but I would disagree
It's Donau for us in Austria and Germany
At least as long as you serve him his martini shaken, not stirred!
We also have that rule with the uneven numbers
Wait, I thought you were against opening on sundays, but its really only being against it if its inconvenient for you
(Yeah I think we lost most of our audience now
Austrian women are pregnant for about a single year in their entire life on average, so I'm not sure that multiple pregnancies at home is a realistic scenario to prepare for
Belgium is a tax haven for multinational corporations.
It's a norm in Austria and Germany, don't know about other European countries
if Ireland, and Scottsland succeed it will only be a bunch of proper cunts
Don't think something lkke this has happened before in recent times.
I thought only child abuse and probably possession of media too...
TIL how Sound of Music got the awfull idea of "Schnitzel with Nudel"
Apparently the word [is of Quechua origin] so yes
We put the feet up
Without that we wouldn’t get dubbed movies, websites, operating systems and so on in our language
yeah, but in the east we have fewer of them and it gets quite flat
I will have gone
They are usually next to the opera or next to St
And since none of that is illegal there is no incentive to change
> Viennese People use it, its not very creative
I am definitely raised in middle class (Dad working in a high rank in government (Hofrat)) environment
** we like what we are used to I guess, and there's this specific brand of shower gel and tooth paste that I really like and could never find anywhere else, so I normally bring it
If you like heist shows/liked the feeling of Sherlock, definitely check it out
Kommt drauf an: Wenn man damit Süsses isst, dann ohne Salz
Better source for such translations is to look it up on wikipedia and switch languages which leads to (Austrian) State Treaty (or use a proper dictionary like leo
Yeah, that was the tunnel that separated Austria and Slovenia
Yes I know
Out of all those, Tankwart still stands out as the worst name ever
by far the easiest group so we're gonna be the champions
Did you have a Nazi party afterwards?
In Mexico officers will shoot at you though
At least I’ve barely ever heard of family gatherings (I thought it was an american thing
To be fair, it was a bit before I was born
Alright alright I never was much of a sports person ok?
Experience tells me: Germany or Turkey
So you mean silence
You get what it's about but that's about it
I‘d say my first guess is slovenian, because of Cyrinthia
we suddenly didnt have the english speaking country in eu, but france and germany (and several other countrys) agreed to use english as their universal language in parlament (instead of forcing everybody to now learn france or german)
Your Mama and Oma don't cook and bake
Sharing my opinion on the nuclear energy thing, seeing it mentioned in most of the Czech posts here:
A similar thing holds for Victor Orban
And if you have to leave them outside then usually those bikes are rather cheap ones or old ones, because they occasionally get stolen
Unfortunately he barely talked about his experiences, I guess way too much trauma
-Adolf Hitler
Still playing that Austrian tunes lol
His book "Nachrichten aus einem unbekannten Universum" was great too
Apart from English lessons since year 1, I learnt most of it by watching english tv shows and movies, reading english books and also the internet (tho' that's barely textbook english :P).
you ain't the boss of me
Those we're pretty cool classes
> I know my stance on this won't make a difference
Pula here we come
Remember the time back in 2012 when a small island of Greece wanted to become a part of Austria
I don't kow how old turtle is but my school started the same age with learning english and my parents generation, well, wasn't well educated in English, at least when they were from the "working class".
He was the leader of the delegation which represented Austria during the negotiations of St.
I guess some See this even as plus
An MEP from Malta represents much fewer people than an MEP from Germany.
Afaik most Americans did not even know their president of nearly 13 years had polio and was handicapped
Even though I still technically live in the city, the next closest shop is roughly 10 minutes away, by bus.
This is the NEW normal
Equal or better in some regards.
I wouldn‘t change it much, just make the eagle mandatory
adding this for others: both types get eaten; bunnies raised by humans for their meat as well as hares as a type of game meat, the latter mostly as a festive dish in autumn
The first panda baby of Europe was born in Schönbrunn in 2008 afaik
There also negative sides
I do have friends from other European countries, and when I visited them, I was surprised that often they offered me still water from bottles that they bought in the supermarket
The thing with Vienna is, that it was not intended to be capital for tiny Austria but it was built to be the centre of hapsburg empire
Yes
TIL Switzerland is the EU
Sometimes there are some diamonds in the rough but you'll have to dig in my opinion
When interest increased too high a lot of times Italy for example devalued its currency
Lol i cant even remember commenting on this post, well it seems i had a few beers too much yesterday
Firebrigade, Police etc
People who put jam/nutella on whole grain bread vs people who put it only on white bread
I even heard something about a severed pig's head in front of the principal's office (yeah it was a rural area)
I would rather compare it to a slightly fattier and softer/spongier Frankfurter/Wiener sausage in serious formats (a full block of Leberkäse has a few kg and about the size of a packaged sliced square sandwich bread)
It is quite common among young people to have one or more small tatoos, but usually in places that can be covered with clothing, if necessary.
so the EU never won the hearts of people
Sounds about right
Why not push for space exploration
If I may take a guess from which country you‘re from: Greece
A Jeep with a Canadian license plate spotted in Slovenia
London, Paris, Amsterdam, Rome,... all would have their charms and interesting details to build story upon
Center-left won over far right, so good
I almost suffocate(d) when my dad did that back then because he either was an asshole or „just for jokes“.) but now it‘s gotten better and nobody complains anymore (:
I would say Biontech/Pfizer for Austria while Biontech is mostly put in the first place
As with cheese and milk
I could think of Vienna, if the second one is the case
The University of Vienna is officially called *Alma Mater Rudolphina Vindobonensis*.
I mean, it's summer
Through this we also have many Turks being described as Greeks when they were in the service of the empire and spoke the language (the emperors "greek" general who accompanied the crusading forces during the First crusade for example is suspected to be of Turkish origins, which may explain why Tancred and the other crusaders hated him so much)
What kind of hillbilly stuff it that, isn't France in the EU anymore
They run to switzerland by going into Bavaria..
Polish – Wieden
There's more differences than shown on the map though, at least within Austria.
That does sound cheaper than in Vienna, but not by that much compared to how low the salary is.
The loudest advocate for it was arguably [Springer Science+Business Media]
As these are issued by the university, they are not national IDs, but in practice they are likely enough to verify your age in a club or to maybe pick up a parcel (haven't tried it and my uni ID is expired by now)
[First a two metre penis statue made from stone and now this] There is something going on
Most of them are memorials on soldiers grave yards, [like this one near me] it's kinda OK
Ithink that's more continental-European in general
like calling it "das Radio", cringy af
They should try Liechtenstein, maybe they want them
Police closed the bridge to the 1st district as I was going in that direction
Guess it makes companies' lives easier and fills their purse because no one wants to talk about it
Trip to school was about 1h.
Wasn't it just about the wording where "slovenischsprachige Staatsbürger" got taken out, and replaced by "Staatsbürger"?
* Hight
Obama is no longer in the white house.
I'm one of them
Same in Austria
Thanks Germany for taking the main blame for Hitler
I thought that was hilarious.
We love y'all but we don't consider you balkanese
- Liberia
Italy (commerce, culture)
It's not the same as German standard German either in grammar or in spelling
yeah, but than they have to apply under the same conditions as the other countries
Damn immigrants ^/s
But not the other way round
From one part of the HRE to another
You have to remember that there are also lots of places in Europe that are simply very old and trying to bolt another generation of infrastructure onto something that is already a few hundred years old isn't very easy
) My mother followed up in normal volume with "Avez-vous besoin d'une table madame
The hussars fled the scene, thinking that the Ottoman army's attack was imminent
As an Austrian, I sometimes envy Germans for the sheer variety of beer you guys have
Why is electricity so freaking expensive though?
We have siren tests every Saturday at noon
Well, then it will be Russia
Annual report usually done by some teachers with a few articles by students and the "newspaper" done by the graduation classes with a full page about each student, some articles about each of their teachers (sometimes including photoshops), picture collages and funny or "funny" quotes that happened during class the past few years.
But isn't that normal everywhere
* [Bergbau- und Gotikmuseum (Mining and Gothic museum)] - Ijust think stuff like Gothic and all of that is very interesting
For other dishes like soup, or stuff with sauces I do not think it is common
Depends, mine are about 1/3 water and 2/3 wine (a "summer spritzer" is weaker), so not that much alcohol in one glass either, but you can drink more of them and way faster than beer for instance.
Literally the first song that came to mind!
Yuuuuuup
You know that north and south tyrol don't like each other, wouldn't it be obvious then that the same is the case with upper and lower austria
We'd probably be asked about ostritches then, and kangaroos are the superior species.
Maybe we austrians are just too focused on the rivalry with germany
Most of it is barely understandable google translate text
How often do you do it actually though?
Depends
No idea how that was chosen, I guess the country of Mozart, Schubert and Bruckner has had a long fall from grace
I don't think that we have a "best friend".
We have them in Railjet trains (high speed trains), but (unfortunately) nobody gave a shit and I think a lot of people did not notice
It is by no means as chaotic as big cities in the UK but most people cross the road when its not green at some point
They can kill you
National Park Donau-Auen
* [Keltenmuseum] - I was there actually and it was damn amazing
40 million people minus a hundred thousand is still the vast majority.
I cannot even stand the smell
Nowadays it's a special protected language, where it's taught in schools where the majority of the ancestors of those people live
Most likely its just an embelished story that soon became a modern myth
>Another one is that we have somehow overly low alcohol-taxes when infact they are one of the highest ones in Europe
Then you can also see bratislava from the danube.
Interesting, thanks for that
Immobilia maybe too as Germany zonening law is a bit stricter than ours
some couldn't, some wouldn't, most didn't.
I love traveling by train
But france isn't situated entirely in europe
Also, regional patriotism that has its roots in the napoleonic wars was pushed, especially by older teachers
I'd weep for my tuberous friends; then increase my parsnip, sweet potato, and cassava intake
The whole Black Legend is a bitch
In the 19th century war was still a good business.
Except for maybe the "politics" part
I live somewhat close to Hallstatt but up until last year it was always so overrun that I never really bothered to go there
I don´t think hardly any German (unless he is extremely patriotic which is rather rare) would even bat an eye if you tossed an actual flag into the pool
Russia had growing aspirations in Eastern Europe and alongside the Black Sea, France wanted revenge for losing Alsace-Lorraine a few decades back, Britain had no bilateral obligation to join the war but did anyway, Italy wanted territorial growth itself
If anyone truly believed VAG were the only company to cheat they were kidding themselves.
Used to work as a receptionist at a hotel
Aside from sports lessons in school not too popular at all.
There's a picture of the federal president and the coat of arms of Austria in every classroom.
What are you, an Anarchist
All the way since Jan Hus
Yes, Salzburg was not an Austrian Coreland but always was deeply connected to House Habsburg
Despite these prejudices, Romania is a truly gorgeous country
Always make the next appointment when I am there, because otherwise I know I wouldn't go
Unsurprisingly our cuisine isn't very different in that regard
Can only recommend it
Putin is not a good guy and he hates west and isn't conservative here is a good video.
It's the same in German with barber shops
That's why the US doesn't belong on the list.
The "instead of cancer treatment" is an interesting framing, as if they didn't have any other money
The point being that most countries have their own great pastries, claiming that any one country has "the best" is just insane (or ignorant, take your pick).
am drunk, didn't comprend your sentence in the right way.
>he just wants to be at the press conference personally announcing it
EDIT: changed a word in the translation
This was my high school English teacher, who, upon me correcting her, told me I needed to get my ego in check and just “think about it” then I’d see why she was right
Just charge them with the crime they commit, attempted murder
>Without Lend-Lease, the outcome of eastern front might have been very different
Completely missed your reply
Only people who already have terrible passports and citizenships (in particular people from Iraq, Afghanistan etc.) or people where their own country does not give a shit about Austria and will not notify about citizenship changes (eg: Turkey) will give up their own citizenship for Austrian one.
And it works for red and white wine
Ich bin regelrecht regelmässig gezwungen worden bei Heimaturlauben was mitzunehmen - das war lustig, mit mehreren Kilo warmen Leberkäs in der Westbahn
Oh, here something very Austrian/Bavarian:
And a symptom of that is the association agreement I have mentioned.
It is not a purely geographic definition, it is more akin to say a state is deep south in the US or dixie
Oh, i know some people working there, they hate the puns with their company name (AMS is also called the unemployment Agency Here for None Austrians)
and missing study material is not an excuse, I want vocabulary lists for dialectal expressions and proper grammar sections dealing with the differences between standard and colloquial language
I think there's a lot Poles living in my neighborhood
This is just the land, nothing else
*But* since that's not acceptable, we just have to force them to act according to our values, whether they want to or not
Germans - Pifki (it´s like gringo in latin america)
The tallest building in Graz is the Herz Jesu Kirche at 109m.
Wennst ned krandln konnst findsd en Lebtog long kan monn, so yes
I mean it's basically our fault because they are catered to us, but the border region is filled with cheap brothel's and street prostitutes
subdued, it can probably happen that you'll be scoffed at, for having the gall to ask while acting all proud of it at the same time as well
It's called "Liachtbratlmontag" meaning "light-roast-monday"
Was there an early wikipedia enthusiast from Catalonia
You could also travel to different locations in the empire, Prague, Budapest, Bad Ischl, Grado
Same in Austria
Good old you afterall lol
Jo eh
But how does it work with blueberries, these dumplings must be tiny
Boar with piglets are not known to give a fuck and usually are fucking dangerous
That way the kids can be louder and talk to their cousins rather than get bored/annoy the adults
It even run in discos on countryside festivals and theres no other marsch who achieved to be played in discos on a regular base
rofl :D
Who hasn’t?!
Fahr mit 'nem Gummiboot bis nach Alaska
Europe is everything but overpopulated.
Just enjoy awesome explosions and stuff
How hard is it to move to Iceland
Wasn't his child though, he took a different one.
Together they represent the three parts of society that (in the mind of someone born in the 19th century) make up the republic: Farmers, workers, and burghers
I mean, *I* can joke with my husband about our child's perceived flaws
So you can also leave the stuff you don't need on your desk
I've heard "arbeit" meaning "part-time job" in Japanese anime too before
Not even [Saddles of Europe]#/media/File:Bomsadel,_Polen_1600-talets_b%C3%B6rjan_-_Livrustkammaren_-_51700.tif)?
Only some very basic things
I wonder how much of that is directly related to what people read on social media – and I wonder how much *that* is related to Russian propaganda activities
we’re far from that clowns level, the statement seems tactful enough in my eyes considering the situation
Weird
Homestly no, Greece does not come to my mind when thinking about Balkan
You usually have to sign up for the test in spring or so and it only takes place if there are enough people applying (didn't take place for law this year for example)
And I even googled that if anyone did a study on how much Austrians cook at home
Just Austrian (and one German) top comments and two very weird Hungarian ones
Or more realistically: Waste the time on reddit!
His country already stopped growing so fast and if Trump does something about Chinese unfair practices he is in even bigger trouble.
Trust me
>low German influence
* [Semmering Railway]
He has a decent chance of getting a second term.
> The feelings about it were very mixed
That works in Standard and Austrian German too
from what he told me, I would say: definitely do it!
I'm not sure about lies, but some tourists (mostly US citizens...
Lots of it
A few days before the car attack, this person was secretly recorded saying that were "preparing something".
These rules are not exhaustive; moderators reserve the right to take necessary corrective action where deemed appropriate
Assad is not waging war on another country, Saudi Arabia is.
If anything the "solution" is to give the schools even less money than they already get and definitely less than they need and deserve
You forget that [JoWood] was an Austrian publisher
Du schwuchtel host a iPhone
Which includes no violence in NI due to the possibility of a hard border between NI and the Republic
I'm jealous
My Grandmothers had all pretty Germanic names but this wouldn't come back so soon I guess...
That's because they mostly carry one item of a certain kind.
"run of the mill right wing" is called conservative
Some it is very good, but it's not very varied
i've never seen one, maybe there are some in bratislava
If I'm gonna be proud of something, it's gonna be an actual accomplishment of mine, not being born within an arbitrary set of geographical boundaries
Also, if you don't know the Austrian politics/news they are refering to I guess it is very boring.
I thought one of my friends family was poor
Very nice
Based on the saying "Wie die Nase eines Mannes, so ist auch sein Johannes".
it's meant as an inner-Austrian joke, since we fancy ourselves as the funny ones
I do early don’t even think the other stuff tastes like beer
You can't really translate 'spinnen' as 'spider'.
> ORF
Not from a travellers perspective: It is most important to know that I can use the same curency I used in italy when entering san marino.
In recent history it might be the collapse of the Reichsbrücke (Imperial bridge, located in Vienna over the Danube) in 1976
“ when I realized my mistake
Sometimes this leads to very similar results, sometimes they are completly at odds
To add to this, all forms of contraception were banned in Romania until Ceasescu's death, causing the very tragic story of the decretei  If anyone has ever wondered why there were so many charity appeals and international adoptions of Romanian babies and children in the nineties, this is why
Your words mean more to me anyway ️
Seven continents:
That's why Bavaria was kinda pissed at first to be part of new Germany, since it had much more in common with Austria than it did with Prussia.
Confirmed cases are not infections
Austria's stance on dual citizenship will sooner or later harm the country greatly.
well, Europe has a more pragmatic approach to this.
Again, it doesn't. It just indicates that sleeping an hour longer reduces the risk of an heart attack for a day
guess I don't have to ask where you live
We learn both but it depends on the school on when you learn which
Finally I get an in-depth look into the Scandinavian animosities I have heard so much about.
I agree that 0.005 effective tax is abusurdly good thats why I also want it, how do I get it?
Üter
I just wann to add, that at the Austria/Italy/Slovenia Border, there is a Ski area where you can ski in all three countries without even noticing it really
> Why does one have to dance on other people's faith for being fairy tale and the other lambaste someone for not believing in their God
Where to go during quarantine
They must really hate those old windows
No, that is not what I am saying.
Looks more like a complex fracture of a Foot :^)
Also nowadays you can pay with credits cards almost anywhere anyway.
French sounds soft and sexy, russian sounds strong
we had it once on Christmas Day, but I don't think we bought it live
I remember when I found out a few years ago, I was absolutely shocked that no one even talks about this
If you want to go, go already
Because of VdB posting with a dog in the Alps!
maybe this is way different in France, but I doubt it
It seems to me like OP has spent a bit too much time in the incel subs, especially as there doesn't need to be a woman for every man
I don't get why though it's a really nice place to live in
They are literallly *the* enemy of the common people, in my opinion anyway
And for accents: I‘m bad at accents anyway
This is what most of the time happens i you "debate" a genocide denier
That's not hot
Don't forget Enns or Lauriacum - the oldest settlement in Austria
(And many others too)
Still not sure wether or not Floridas capital is Miami
The only thing we are missing in Austria is the sea
That would need to change
And they got their bilingual signs now.
And no fucking sand therefore much more beautiful water.
I can smell the death
FPÖ: "Liberal party austria" far right coservative party
We do have a national animal tho
I appreciate Barbarossa for cutting Austria from Bavaria and making it a duchy.
Wow
I've also asked around within my circle of friends and those who went to different schools also have never seen, or known of that concept before.
It reminds me a little bit in the font from [Futurama]
Actually it was in friuli/carinthia and it was an intermediate difficulty
> Kleine Zeitung
But its a good and intresting repost.
Even Chruschtschow asked Austria to remove it after they went through De-stalinization but so far we've at least put a plaque under it to think of the victims of Stalins politics
How large is your phone screen in cm?
I doubt that there is going to be political backing for that though.
Do you happen to have some recommendations regarding reading material
I'd add Rudolf Gehring from the CPÖ who got 5.43% at the Presidential elections of 2010.
While I did feel at home, I always felt a bit different
Because Bavaria is basically Northern Austria is basically Bavaria.
They discovered dead and wounded soldiers and easily took Karánsebes
I think Barcelona is an excellent location, unfortunately way to many people share that opinion
Exactly, like in saunas or nudist areas.
Maybe Lincoln I guess (but he was pretty rich by the time he became president)
The claim is that there was never a peace treaty after WW2 or something so the whole construct of post-ww2 republics does not exist and such
Yea, it's a really interesting thing tbh
Some people also call strawberries Ananas instead of Erdbeeren, but that's mostly old people and I think it stems from the latin name fragaria x ananassa
Saying "Haha they say Sackerl instead of Tüte lol" in an Austrian grocery store is pretty rude
I remember the 30 Years' War, the Defenestrations of Prague etc, but I don't remember Swedens role in it all
Yeah, tons of middle aged guys wear those cringy [Camp David] shirts
During the conflict, some infantry began shouting, "Turci
We are allready closing down schools
I already know him and he seems to have an agenda against Austria.
It‘s really funny
Vienna
Austria and Germany shares a lot of old wedding traditions, but I want to explain a decent, unusual one
Alma Zadic got legit threats over this, that's the scary part
I especially find the wars of Austrian succession in the 18th century interesting.
And thinking about the second part of the question, a list of more things I actually like to physically *bring* on my travels (and excluding basic things like electronics, standard clothes or toiletries because that's gonna be the same for everybody anyway), I can think of the following:
There were some that fully supported all parts, some did not know the full extent or tried to keep out of it and turned a blind eye and there were of course also some who openly critized or worked against the Nazis
If Thanksgiving is always on Thursday, and people usually fly/drive/travel cross country to see family, I suppose a lot of people take the following Friday off.
I personally don't understand why the standardized European driving license isn't recognized within the EU as an ID
Also the quality of your food is amazing
all the way to 2019
I actually do
As far as I remember in the old translation the Hobbits speak to "clean" compared to the English version but the new one sounded to modern
I'm really spoiled with my countries location, I could go anywhere without being bothered by taking the train
To the rhythm of the boogie, the beat
We can't really throw out our own people, but we damn well can make sure that we only allow the best people/people we need into our countries.
For Vienna I can't think of anything atmospheric off the top of my head, but in general probably some 80's Austropop or Falco
And misery
Sooo hard to say what would happen.
It would kill the Leberkäse industry
In short, saying "I have x heritage" is fine
I honestly wouldn’t have known
Europe is pretty much the opposite, at least within the Schengen agreement countries
But eventhough the NADSP was illegal in austria, it had a huge base
Roughly 80% of payments in Germany are done in cash.
Of people abroad only buy your stuff because it is cheap, sooner or later someone else will be cheaper.
Well, you could go to Ibiza and see if getting drunk for 14 days straight will kill you.
It is in my opinion rather pointless, to have screaming kids in every coach
The ''experts'' were predicting UK will implode just by Vote alone
55")
The unigoat looks rightfully pissed off at being endangered
I'ts even worse there because it's his hometown
Bis grad eben war ich noch felsenfest überzeugt davon, dass Peter Lustig die Sendung mit der Maus moderiert hat ... ich bin alt und es ist spät. Du hast natürlich recht
It was also very disappointing as a ten-year-old who spoke little English and no French
Why does May still get the blame for Brexit
On a national level you still vote in the country you're a citizen in, not your country of residence
It's also the milder French cheeses that are sold around here
Hmm
Pero especialmente del rabo de toro
Cearșaf, ciorapi and cișmea made their way into Romanian as well
Well, in early days, billiard balls were in fact made of ivory
Do be so obessed bro
(German/Slavic)
I think what he means is that we make everything an art.
Like that its alright to abort in the first few weeks.
Well it helps that you dismantled you industry in the 80s.
more info on the [Anschluss] which also includes a translation of the text.
Austrians definitely have Kapsalon
We bite the grass
There hasn't been a dragon in these parts for a thousand years
The difference is that Slovenia and Slovakia are only about 370km away from each other, while it's 14200km between Austria and Australia
Do be so obessed bro
I'd never avoid a Ford Mustang.
Isn't /r/Germany the "German" subreddit, while /r/de is the German SPEAKING subreddit?
They used to mean the same thing, 1000 years ago (or whenever, idk exactly)
This all happens in good spirit
Today had I a math exam
See link in op
Medea
Because their politicians aren't absolute morons
I dont think people are that bad at planning
If you add what you are refering to after the number you use, like the germans, the counting ones (one is the exception, both high german and dialekt specify if the thing you are refering to is male, female or nether by using one of three versions of one)
It seems spanish to me
In elementary school there were some day-trips but nothing really memorable
I'm going to take this as serious, since there is no indication of it being sarcastic and no reason to say it either if it's not meant seriously
But I doubt I'd think of it/remember, because it's so obvious to me that noone actually normally speaks perfectly proper standard German, especially not in Austria, that's weird, who does that
And I have to say it is a really beautiful city to walk through.
where did you get that number for Vienna?
AFAIK in German-majority Südtirol regular subjects are all in German and Italian is taught as a separate subject from the beginning and in Italian-majority Trentino it's vice versa
If you‘re coming from Eastern Europe, then yes, it‘s a perfectly decent university to study planning at
Whenever I hear something unkwown and unfamiliar here in Austria I think it must be Albanian and when I hear something alien it must be Hungarian.
The [University of Economics] in Vienna
Like Voss, but probably less expensive
Alhough it isn't an Austrian production the sound of fucking music.
Additionally, if you want to make little adjustments (like adding more specific characters like ʒƷ), you [can do so] with the (now outdated, but still usable) [MS Keyboard Layout Creator] As something that we use so much each and every day, I think it's totally worth it to personalize our keyboard layout to our preferences
Other highlights include "Socialist Uprising, but they can't find their weapon stashes because their messengers are caught and there was apparently no backup plan for this", "Chancellor-Dictator calls Nazis and Hitler Evil, probably for religious and power reasons (and proceeds to be shot by Nazis)" "Vorarlberg tries to join Switzerland but they say no" "Nazi Party has internal disagreement over being democratic (they decide on no and turn to terrorism instead" and of course "Whatever the fuck Schuschnigg was doing in '38".
Also note, if you're from the US, the prices on the shelfs are the prices you pay.
(Welsch-Bern is old German name for Verona)
What I'm trying to say is, they didn't stand a chance
So basically Alexander Gauland
* -> Maria Theresia
There's no room for negotiations and (merit based) raised
In the movie Magneto kinda "lays low" and hides from the world by becoming a worker in a Polish factory (you're more safe from the American government in a Warsaw pact country
Not in this context
I mean Slovenia was part of the HRE after all
it's a way of giving funky or interesting names to your kid without fucking up their future, because you were sensible enough to  name them "Stefan" before "Romulus Esteban Zapotek".
Concerning russia: it might have been relegalized in 1993 but was already legalized following the Russian revolution in 1917, in the wake of Stalins rise to power many Civil rights were revoked
If you are writing it from Richard's view, it was preeeetty dumb
Slave, I [am] call[ed] John, it rejoices me thy know-to-learn
- Calling us [bigger, neighbouring nationality or people group that speaks the same or a similar language]
Just like yesterday when I had to give directions to one...
Graz is a lovely looking city with an intact and cozy old-town
Even the rail network that seems to be favored in this thread would be much more feasible if energy was essentially abundant and free as well as CO2 neutral
At least when talking to family&friends
However, I suspect I may be slightly lactose intolerant because I often feel like shit after
After being surrounded by a British unit he surrendered and became a POW
But since I'm now 20 I probably would've married  the son of an other farmer five years ago and would be pregnant with my third child
Der / Das Radio
Give me a normal bench please
They are also really beautiful city's, but overrun by tourists
when I did a biology research project we went swimming in jungle rivers/pools and spent quite a while there, just felt like running around any temperate zone forest
)) and, well, I‘m in the LGBTQ+ community
Exactly and same goes for Tschechei.
Nations that only feel safe from Russia by joining NATO is merely the consequence of Russia's foreign policy.
I don't want to get banned here, but every body knows who's to blame for this, and who it is thats not integrating and who it is thats colonizing Europe.
We have many different dishes that would fit, but I'm gonna use this opportunityto talk about one from my region that is pretty unknown in the rest of the country: [Schlipfkrapfen]
I actually don't see such obvious "Bombenlöcher" that often in Prague, which otherwise feels very similar to Vienna
Which basically comes down to TTIP/CETA and why the EU is responsible for trade in the first place as well as the refugee crisis
Apples and oranges
my mom got, and still gets every time, very graphic when describing the act of her giving birth to her first-born abomination, which is me, who destroyed her nether regions
Funny how many clairvoyants Turkey has...
That's you keep a secret
As someone who started working in the 1990 - I have much more quality time at my hands now than back then, tbh
Brexit was imho the bigger factor
Japanese, Spanish and Mandarin Chinese (currently studying)
Exception: *Die Räuber*. We read that out loud, but "in character", I had the role of Spiegelberg
imagine you have a restaurant next to the Eiffel tower and you allow tourists to use your toilet for free - congrats, you're now running a toilet, not a restaurant
Except for that last sentence you could apply this whole paragraph to Austria and it would be 100% true
I missed one of the attacks by a few minutes, it was right on the usual path from my garage to my apartment
I wasn't trying to say you should have understood her if that's how it came out
Well
I only did that once (as a joke) haha
I'm just physically present but only because I have to, I don't think I've learned a single thing in those English lessons
The surrounding buidlings (orignally barracks) are partly used by the Austrian military, partly as civilian residential houses
bow to germany
In some alpine parts of Austria ( Bavaria I assume too) we call it "Oachkatzl". Oach is the dialekt word for Eiche, and Katzl means cat
EDIT: thank you to u/joelherman for starting this series of loveletters to one another
Pure chance
If you want to find a quick overview about what an ABC (placeholder) is, relatively often you'll find descriptions like "An ABC is if combine \[link to DEF\] and \[link to GHI\] and \[link to JKL\] and \[link to MNO\], and DEF/GHI/JKL/MNO are not basic knowledge but equally complicated
Why is it so 'cool' though here in austria
No of course not,  I mean we don't completely know what is possible and what not but wormholes and similar theories about changing space itself leave a lot of possible ways open
>  In Europe it’s more about forcibly separating religion from the government and all public life in some cases
Kosovo and Israel are the victims.
The pronounciation and spelling is pure chaos
There's much more to peace on a historically war ridden continent than military.
There will be attacks for sure, question is if they'll only be against US/British/Israeli/Saudi government targets or against the civilian public as well
This won't end until we stop letting them in and deport every single asshole that shows even the slightest sympathy for attacks like this
[German] Schweiz & Schweden - They also sounded very similar to me, especially with my dialect: Schwaiz & Schwäidn :‘D
Archduke Johann is very popular in Styria for his investments in there
There is the old saying: "The whole world leads war, but you Austria just marry". The reason for this was that the Habsburgs collected their Lands not by force for the most part, but by marrying their numerous daughters to lords and kings so that after 1-2 Generations it came into their possession through inheritance
it't mixed, liek others said, Pressburg isn't used today, Maribor is often called Marburg, Szentgotthard is often called St.
He was born in Salzburg and had his Center of Life in Vienna
(09:25)
I guarantee you, almost all Germans know how much German sucks as a language and will understand that you may have problems learning it
Oh, spare me that
Ha, sounds fun
A few minutes earlier somebody criticized me for using Lwiw :(
I also had a good laugh when i saw the graphic.^^
From my experience this has a lot to do with the level of education
History classes as a whole should move away from "national" and great man history with battles, high politics and the like and focus also on technological and societal history
The chill in Netflix and chill isn't innocent either
this *always* comes up; yet in reality, Burma uses its own system, and Liberia just doesn't have a nationally defined standard (yet has strong economic ties to imperial-using countries, therefore that system is often used, among others)
I've never heard of something like this
AFAIK it's also an emergency bunker for the government in the case of an attack
Darius and Finlay, Falco
And a short info if you are out of the loop: [Blog-Post about Article 13]
And people assuming that high schoolers don't have sex
I couldnt think of one dangerous place
Hobts eh brav de süwesta-fuign vom mundl gschaut?
Mostly because I wasn't alive during that time
Basically anywhere that isn't Vienna, a but less so in the other bigger cities
Serious question: Why on earth would you
China
During DST the time is changed by an hour and the cortisol phases change by "only" 58 minutes, so almost an hour, not 2 minutes like you constantly claim
In German we also have Albtraum which is frequently used
Let us beat the US together
that guy does not believe in God or the Afterlife, even though his 300 years old house is full of Marias and crucifixes
I‘m Styrian
Accents don't even exist in German, but I can write È easier than that
not english native - i really thought "laid off" was like getting buried
I lived in the UK and yes they do
Yea, one did serve in WW2, I sadly don't know exactly where, and why (if he volunteered or got drafted)
Accurate
No, that isn't a contradiction.
you have to start giving arguments otherwise you seem like a clown
Yup same here
I'm not actually Viennese :) My very countryside dad plays Zither and Bratsche, so those are naturally the first folk instruments I thought of
I find it crazy that Germans and Austrians regularly claim that they write cursive while they don't. Most ppl write some weird mix of 80% normal 20% cursive
It's not like they were open elections and soldiers with guns weren’t posted in front of the election buildings
And nobody here (or anywhere else in the world) would consider spare ribs typical for Austria
The best thing was when they compared EU exports *to* the UK and EU imports *from* the UK using absolute figures - completely forgetting that the EU is 27 countries and the UK one
Lots of people tend to stay close to where they grew up
The scientific name is *Ananas comosus* and Wikipedia sais the name comes from the Tupi word *nanas*, meaning "excellent fruit".
Of course you can't just uncritically read "Mein Kampf" or something like that, but "In Stahlgewittern" is not openly a Nazi-book or anything
The amount of ignorance about our past and what actions led to it is frightening isn't it?
I remember one other really wierd scene from the episode "Eight Misbehavin'" (just googled it)
We try to go every year to see what changes since our last visit
They are not effected by the law at all
The Migrumpies for Austria
So someone "solved" the problem by putting a sign with a graphic instruction to clean the microwave after using it and then a sentence in 3 languages (Spanish bc of some Argentine exchange students who barely spoke English, let alone German):
PC: Animated TLOU main menu background
Usually used as a provisionary measure, e.g. when moving, at construction sites, when you really want to live in that "poor student" aesthestic in your early 20s, etc
Well, lots of people certainly wish the times when we were big and powerful were back and WW1 never happened.
This
Lots of location jumps in that video...
I care what's better for me
Do you hear it too
Neither looks like Bolognese to me, but the ugly thing to the right looks closer to the truth.
> Hau dich ueber die Haeuser
I'd like me some nice swiss banks and chocolates
honestly many austrians wouldn't have recognized the austrofacist eagle anyways
I live in Vienna and i don't feel like everything repeats itself
My grandma uses them for fruit salad and ice cream
Life in Europe is much safer - less crime, less gun accidents etc, so they are not risking anythink, in fact they are much safer than if they stayed in the US
Wanna bet that when it comes to implementing the local laws we'll hear a lot of "we're so sorry, we really didn't want this, it's the big, bad EU that forces us to do this"?
The German words for healing, holy and the homonymous adjective (which means safe, unhurt or "in one piece" for objects) are derived from it
And conscripts don't go abroad.
For now it only seems to affect the bigger cities and I hope it'll stay that way, but I really can't see that happening
Just took the night train from Vienna to Rome last Thursday
Lock 'em up, and after that kick 'em out.
Germany
But tragically, over here, because we're used to talking about nationality instead, that same sentence would be understood as "I have Irish *nationality*", which is of course a nonsensical statement to begin with, and can feel belittling and insensitive, as if who we *are* was just an amusement park theme to you, something to consumed and put on baseball hats
Blatnig, Sablatnig, Wlatting, Glantschnitg, Glawischnig, Goritschnig, Hribernig, Kopeinig, Lutschounig, Poganitsch, Pototschnigg, Petutschnigg, Verschnig, Wernig etc
I understand that standard German is necessary for communication, the same for English
> Поехали
No big family gatherings where it's Oma kocht + pot-luck style dishes from the rest of the family/relatives
What he's probably referring to is the [Holy Roman Empire of German Nations] which (the Prince-Archbishopric of) Salzburg used to be part of
i second that
Now that said, lots of places check IDs at the door, but I believe that's a way of mitigating the risk of serving alcohol to minors, not a legal rule in and of itself.
Kid went out on her own (with her friends, but without adults) since she was around 9 or 10
There's a golden visa program
> Although for Ukraine things probably got better, Russia has went downhill since then
Scottish baby box pilot scheme launched - BBC News
Don't know why in Serbia they decided to go with Spanish, but why not
"Käsekrainer" is the Austrian variation where you infuse the Krainer with cheese
It got to the point where the citiy had to limit the amount of busses allowed to enter the city
The only true island nations in Europe I can think of are Iceland and Malta
It's like a bank refinancing some guys mortgage so he doesn't lose his house under the agreement that he doesn't spend his income on booze.
Fucking fierce and no more confusion with kangarooland
Vielleicht bled, aber sicher ned deppat!
You can't hate it, when you always forget about it
In Austria its the polar opposite, we still got traditional groups dressed up as soldiers from WWI doing some epic stuff on our streets, but then again we didn‘t have our imperial flag from WWI plagued by Neo Nazis
Don't know about Switzerland though.
American, dough that is round in shape and glazed with sugar
Smoking is quite common in most other languages
Her handling of the refugee crisis did not change my perspective of her at all.
But there are cases where we need to rely on a feeling/guess or don't know it at all
Vienna has quite sizeable communities from most of the Balkan states, so for many people it is also back home or their families place
That would be kinda dumb
And of course totally different from the Vorarlberg dialect, but nobody in Austria except for themselves understand the people from Vorarlberg anyways
Completely missed your reply
The curriculum and the classes you take are pretty much predetermined throughout middle and high school.
(last election: 16,2%, 31/183 seats, they kicked out one of their MPs at the start of the term
No not at all
Nothing crazy in my circle of friends though
Portugal had a thriving cloth industry during that time but the Portuguese Empire was in decline during this time
Bauernbrot is the only bread you will ever need
Xaxaxas are also common but the rest not so much.
He was half Czech half German and did a lot for Czechia
Also a lot of it is from Germany's export surplus and moving tons of gold around the globe isn't exactly cheap nor necessary.
I think that too, but I have heard people say Dss Nutella so
Bribery also exists in privately run environments
With beer and vodka at our house
The opposite rhetoric is "lower educated aka.
They stay there and get everything for free until the goat shits on the floor for good luck
tbh he's not that bad, a lot of people like to shit on him because of the whole Princess Di thing but he does a tonne of charitable work and representing the UK these days
I mean what else is he gonna do
Only in long distance trains, not in regional ones
> on average 325€/month
Sackerl is a classic, one of the first words every Germanspeaker from outside learns when they move to Austria
When in Rome, do as the Romans do.
then there are americans i met through my self help group concerning my disease that couldn’t even afford to call an ambulance (despite working 2 jobs AND having insurance
I for myself truly love democracy
FTFY
Even works on really expensive "credit card proof" locks
Nothing crazy in my circle of friends though
When you write in caps in German you use ss instead of ß.
Our military is a joke
Not very common
Most importantly: They acted without coordination with the EU.
I guess whats meant are people clogging up the ER when they just have a cold or other minor problem that could be easily solved by the family doctor
On the other hand, protestant ethics included hard work, and being economical.
it helps if you read what I write.
(Idk how many people know about this, I just love to say it because I love zoos that are able to support endangered species)
I don't if it is same in all branches of Islam but a female muslim isn't allowed to marry an non muslim, male muslim can.
There is a famous one in Vienna
It's our privilege
The maximum would be 72 though.
>eine scharfe Kurve
>having sex with a prostitute and beeing caught red handed in a police raid
One huge tiled one for the big living room
It's usually handed to you personally or to a neigbhour, but since Corona most Services Just leave them now at door
i (short for "ich") which is "I" in English
America dominates culturally and that's what counts.
I honestly wouldn’t have known
But I was thinking about something more related to the present situation of each countries politics.
Oh there are tons, so this is by far not a full list but just some examples:
Team Mira Lobe
Especially if you compare it with other nations where it is normal to eat every day a self made meal in the evening, maybe even with a self made soup or salad or combined with left-overs from the previous day
Vernio	IT
Would this change if the payments were split differently?
I would guess they are the norm since about 40-50 years, it is really rare to see any house without these (unless there's a good reason of course to not have them, like a sliding door)
The whole effect is only visible against the dollar.
>Poles don’t really mind Austrians because we are taught that the Austrian partition was fairly chill on us and if we paid taxes you didn’t minded us either
Von da kommt Gmunden
More like people from the "flat land" in general
Wait, did the princesses in the park not speak French
We need to *reform brussels* at some point
Hiking up a mountain underequipped.
[Apparently Jeremy Clarkson (former host of Top Gear) did this]
Team cebolla
They all were for all intents and purposes "greek" as that definition was mostly related to religion, language and looking to Constantinople culturally
Same here, it's probably to give parents a bit of time to prepare, not everyone has a nanny waiting at home
Already been there
Deutschösterreich ist not in any way the same as eastern Germany
Tolkien himself was behind that particular translation
* The Devil himself: We have a lot of places where it is said you can meet the devil at midnight
Its our only hint which language this person understands so naturally if somebody says Guten Tag to me I start talking in German - only to realize a minute later that this person can only say these two words
Attacking someone's religion isn't equivalent to attacking someone's persona
It doesn't take a lot of kilometers to observe an astounding variety of English in GB.
> we actually wrote the author asking about this and printed his answer letter, refuting all intentional analogies, next to a scan of one of those "Your opinion is wrong" markings
Take away: we're equally stupid, we just need longer to start the stupid
Source
But, even though the moves they take on the geo-political chessboard are inacceptable, they are still understandable from a wider perspective.
At the end it shows that geographical monikers are fuzzy to the point of irrelevance
Accurate
I do know 2-3 videos with a stolen beat (one of our politicians thinks he can rap, very cringy but oh well)
I read Minjung as Mischung and was confused as to why your dad calls you an alcoholic drink (wine + mineral water/soda, I think it‘s called Weinschorle in Germany)
Now where I am from a pass (the group) consists of 3-6 Krampus (they were pelts so they look and big wooden masks and big bells on the back,  ) one Körbelträger(guy who caries a big basket with trests on his back, is cover in black color(not about race, more about the woods) moss and other things) one Angel and one saint nicholas
Obviously WW1 did more damage to my region as we were split in two parts but the rebellion is very much what defines and unites the people of north and south tyrol to this day
r/okoidawappler
) and I had one too I think
I don't think the guy was replying to me seriously i think he wanted to be funny by claiming to be kid and saying there is porn on youtube, when that is not possible.
But tragically, over here, because we're used to talking about nationality instead, that same sentence would be understood as "I have Irish *nationality*", which is of course a nonsensical statement to begin with, and can feel belittling and insensitive, as if who we *are* was just an amusement park theme to you, something to consumed and put on baseball hats
[(Compare)]
Yes, the demographics were lopsided, but the result was quite clear
I highly doubt they can help, here the "focus" of the sub is just too broad and there is rarely one right answer regarding current events.
If there would no religous organisations, just some other organisation would do their job.
Dover is in Kent
German has that too, it's just pronounced differently
But living on 50€ a month is straight up impossible here...
Hungaryans were the ones who put an end to the best monarchy ever :'(
* I don't dislike Germany/Germans by default.
Despite the economic interest my country might have in you joining.
Para reírse o para tomar algo de buen humor, necesita por lo menos un poquito de gracia.
No matter how empty the bottle, there are idiots who are teachers.
Elections aren't a sham it's just that every government in general is unable to to control a modern state.
Sadly, investing in public toilets in France is not something I expect beyond perhaps more optimised (i.e. discrete) pissoirs
There is no room for individuality or greatness, just like there is very little room for failure
It's just a terrible terrible film
Edit: I forgot to mention that my English teacher talks to us in German most of the time
A mixture or french, germanic, norse and a tad gaelic
It gets a bad rep because it is the capital of the former most right-wing federal state and many move away from there after school because admittedly it does not have a lot to offer to young people living there
Lollygagging
But the 'secular' rebels were eclipsed by the islamist nuts pretty fast.
Check out (there's also english information).
Is the tap water in London drinkable
Rubig | ÖVP | 755 | **pro**
wish I was like that, I never plan that far in advance; but especially things like using enough (=more than you think you should) sun screen is just super sensible and will hopefully protect you from skin damage once you're older
I can ask some Salzburgian student colleagues whether they say Feber or Februar.
Entirely depends on your purpose
Back in April 2019 he was arrested because he did try to join IS
It's meaning something doesn't matter
Not a lawyer, but the degree of federalism in Austria is definitely less than in the US.
Welcome to my life
Assuming that you are not an EU citizen, do you have your visa situation sorted out?
Good to hear
But it’s not a cultural heritage
[Effectively Germany is the 4th largest electoral district of Turkey]#Turkish_politics).
yeah, same with Germany
I doubt anyone will be able to beat Paris Airport who [had to shut down due to their Windows 3
Didn't some redditor who works at ÖBB post a photo from inside the cockpit
The Irak war is over, or am i wrong
We also have unbreaded Schnitzel
ORF1 - National TV, sports and a lot of foreign series and movies dubed to German.
We were on training in Carinthia and had the afternoon off
Trăiască România ️
(still gets very slippery)
Yes, we do, and at Easter as well: Weihnachtsbock und Osterbock
French
if you live somewhere in the country side it's a different topic of course
I know, but the Wikipedia entry uses it.
Full opening so anyone can see everything?
Many of us see idelogies behind Islam as danger to our liberal values in the EU, like for example woman or LGBT rights.
Staat is also pronounced with a very long aaaaa so the double a is warranted
I am really interested how you imagine how the EU - UK relations should look like a year or two down the road
March 1933:
I was in Cantabria this summer and the amount of eucalyptus there is crazy
I'll try it tomorrow but I'm pretty sure the knife is easier
it would be interesting to see if you think there is a difference
>I don't know a single person who likes to cook, everybody I know is  eating no breakfast or something cold, eats lunch at work and then eats  bread for dinner at home
I gotta go I'm getting emotional :p
Austrian collicual speech has a funny preference for dimunitives
Austria is the most unique German speaking region in all of the german speaking regions in europe, hence it being it's own country
adding "Mist" to that; might only be in Austrian German though
Also East Tyrol
Our chancellor is a social democrat.
Also, this collection is unique throughout europe
The vans are always white and unmarked and the men that come with the can never speak good german
Of course we have a lot of ski industry companies, Doppelmayr for example is one of the biggest ski lift producers worldwide
At least in Austria for most bachelor degrees you need a certificate for C1 German.
This is by far the most accurate description
Unless I specifically ask for corrections, yes I would mind.
If I’m honest I refuse to eat Schnitzel outside of Austria
#Abolition_of_nobility_in_1919 - they were simply forbidden.
Yes, I metaphorically kicked him in the face and I have not/will not ever date someone from France again
Traditions are held higher than progress
I'm guessing Russia and China
Don't forget them being Sicilian before that
My grandmother doesn't keep eggs in the fridge
To the surprise of absolutely no one ...
Wasn't the end scene in Grindelwald supposed to be in austria
They both also had a personality cult and ruled mostly through propaganda that made them look larger than life
It's the somewhat literal translation of German "würzig" ("spice" = "Gewürz"), that's why many German natives confuse the meaning
Face reality at some point
The only thing that would connect us, would be standard german, but no one speaks that anyways.
And I think language education is taken more seriously than in Hungary
We do have problem of conservative mindsets and corruption,
(southern Burgenland/Austria if anyone is interested)
But even if you don't use the wheel, just cutting it with a sharp knife is super quick, you don't need to lift anything up, and you are having an easier time cleaning
It seems like this is your first prejudice when you think about Austria.
I don't think a country stretching from Bregenz to Ushgorod without the same distance north-south could work in any way
In simple terms if possible so unenlightened non-German minds can understand
I prefer English versions because they usually have more speakers than the German version.
In the capital cities there's definitely a trend towards the standardised version (atleas for what I've observed in Innsbruck), but other than that, dialect still seems to be just as always (for the exception of words dying because no of used eg the corresponding tools anymore).
Well, first off, it is the very first exit of a member state of the EU.
Romania or the Czech Republic, as well as Italy.
* arm - (poor ; however: **A**rm means the same as the English word)
TL;DR: Turkey invaded, claiming to protect a Turkish minority, and then just kept their troops there in violation of international law
55) would be incorrect, because you also wouldn't write "Dollar1
Grüß Gott
Don't think that's common
Every time I see this picture I expect allu :D
Das fängt an wie man die Zeit bezeichnet
The only alternative would be to leave it for the vultures, which probably would be best
Like say not participating in demonstrations against an elected government?
But Metternich
There are bike courses in ground school (I don't know if every ground school does this) and you can get bike driver license (which allows you to ride your bike alone before the age of 12 if I correctly remember)
Didn't Nils Holgerson live there
Greta Thurnberg and the climate activists are "climate stalinists"
"I'm not a slav, I'm germanic
Iron Path
Source
Yeah, but with reduced calories you will have to think about nutrition at some point sooner than later
Italy: i love your way of life, your capacity to enjoy good and beautiful things, be it food, cars or fashion
But for me nothing comes close in beauty and genius to Mozart
Its like a small place in the third district where you could have a schnitzel and a potato salad for three euro
Rotterdam was my favourite place
Spreading FREEDOM^(TM) with military - always a great excuse
They also are the traditional voice of farmers and rural voters
Wutsch, I knew it
In Vienna the waiters beat you
Humor just doesn't translate all that well over borders, nothing funnier than laughing at yourself & your own group of people.
We used Asterix comics in school to learn Latin
Was ??? Ja peinlich ka wir reden alle scho so im classic Wienerisch aber ja Großstadt hat halt immer weniger Dialekt :/ eh schod .
The lift buttons go cellar (K) - Hochparterre (E) - Mezzanin (M) - 1 - 2 - 3
It can't get any worse
I can smell Ikea when I look at this photo
(last election: 37,5%, 71/183 seats)
Three times the charm
I think it was necessary because most people don’t instantly think of the US when you talk about countries with poor infrastructure and health care
Until Instagram blocks the upload of your photo of you and your spouse in front of the illuminated Eiffel Tower because apparently that needs to be licensed
First one yes, second one: NO
Then it is believed that there might have been a Slavic version of this name for a while, because Slavs settled in most of modern Austria in the early Middle Ages, before German speaking Bavarian settlers arrived a few hundred years later
The only Austrians I know who go to Slovakia for shopping are Slovaks living in Austria :D
And from there everyone has a responsibility for the common good, starting at the family, through the cocal community up to the state level and beyond
Liaben Gruaß aus Öberösterreich an den Nachbarn
There was a priest who saved Hitler from drowning when he was a kid, imagine if he just didn't notice it
I did realise that a lot of swedes usually say 'shill' instead of 'chill' and other words like that.
So they teamed up with three other "frugal" governments to fight the big spending plans of the EU commission
Seriously, it feels like the fucking Shire here sometimes, full of hobbits that don't know how good they have it.
With close friends as well
Not the only nation
So it's a loan word that means something entirely different
Agreed, also "EU-citizen" exists as a term.
&#x200B;
Like always, the Spanish know what's important in life and what's not
Also the reason same sex marriage has yet to be legalized has nothing to do with his party, the SPÖ who have been fighting for that for pretty long and everything to do with their coalition partner, the conservative ÖVP.
Looks fake
And **THANK YOU** for giving us Dirk Stermann
" or one simple "australia
It was very popular in our elementary school too!
I'm totally with you on this one
>having sex with a prostitute and beeing caught red handed in a police raid
Pissed him off so much he stole the cup :D
If you have a house with a yard you will have to shovel every day before work which can mean getting up at 4am, shovel the fucking snow, then take a shower and go to work
So it is officially a language of its own.
I was always so excited as a child when there was a thunderstorm and the electricity stopped working
You think it's a glitch in the system, that should be overcome
You get "real" gifts for Nikolaus
Really
) of a midwife is caught performing illegal abortions and they are all beyond livid (though to be fair, those were not sanitary conditions)
Both islands had small populations, whose only worthwhile export was fish and whaling
Many Poles are still *very much* cross about WW2 and beyond.
Ja, i habs als kind für das heftgerät gehört und erst viel später hab ich von dem Primat erfahren
Austria has never really been in favour of Turkey joining the EU
(By raping children and women for example) Poor poor people :(
The police need to be better about enforcing speeding of cars
Well, there is always the house of Lords.
Learn about our political system before you say something - please
If it is dry, then it is a bad Schnitzel or fried too long.
Are there any official communication channels from the EU commission, that give details about what that deal will most likely include, or what has been negotiated so far
It just screws over the middle and lower classes, but a lot of Americans have a sink or swim mentality.
If you make the uk into different countries, can you at least use ghe right flag for england
övp and fpö will have about the same % and will form the next government
Germany = Deutschland (German-Land)
I thought Britain = England + Wales
I heard he won a drinking competition with the soviet representative
Also, Hintertupfingen (behind-tupfing,a fantasy word) in Germany and Austria
Wrong word boundary, pal
Run some numbers in excel to see what figures work for you.
And as he did not exactly show up to talk to the police and explain his intentions, the only way to find out is an arrest.
Actually that is me and I feel like an alien
making it sound like it is a problem or something
plus they got Irn-bru, what's not to love
I notice lots of smoking there.
etc
Ist ne zeitlang her, dass ich meine Schnitzel mit Ketchup und Latzerl gegessen habe.
Usually it's the Party Leader of the strongest Party, but it doesn't have to be
Wow, you have given this some thought.
Also, unlike you Northern heathens I actually don't want the Vatican gone
You need something to balance the onions and the oil
(That all people behave properly works only in areas where the staff actually cares enough, ie
Sounds weird at first but it's not a bad concept.
You know the FN party was founded with members of the waffen SS charlemagne division, right ?
) speaks french
Also I'm fairly sure marches are usually fortified, which isn't quite accurate anymore either
What if the most haunted forest in the world is just a single ghost having a lark with the census takers
Or, you know, because of dementia
We'll carry on
It's maybe a strange humor, but I like the english speaking videos of the Cinemates:
Austria: Ankathie Koi
I'm vegetarian
The same pattern is true for austrian media.
And then there is ...
So what's the point in writing in dialect if you can't tell properly anyway because this alphabet can only convey so much
»Guillemets« are an acceptable middle ground
There are so many of them, but I'm a sucker for the Grazer Landhaus.
Ever
For example, you could bring different types of Oreos (we only have the "standard" ones).
Sure, but the OP probably didn't read past the headline and claimed that.
And while I believe I might have an easier time understanding why a sentence in built in a certain way because of this, I don't think he's lagging behind all that much
In German there's a type of tree cricket that's named *Weinhähnchen* (little wine cock), maybe that has the same reason ... whatever that might be
Lainzer Tiergarten/Zoo
We just start from 21
So the last few presidents have often send troops and basically acted in "warlike" fashion without it beeing war
but then it's Russia :P slovak flag needs a redesign
And by new I mean from around 1996
Flying back from Berlin was weird AF, because I was basically checking the news every few minutes if I were even allowed back into the country without being forced to go into quarantine or some shit
Oh yeah, Wels too
- Jagdkommando (military special forces) taking over the protection of special buildings (like embassys) from police, so police can focus on the search for other terrorists
It depends partly on the generation, but for the most part, no.
mmhh
We had a "freshing up" of that theoretical knowlege with 11 and 12 years, also in school
Science problem 1: Link forest
Czech Republic: remove your fucking atmonic litter from our border
Again : what did you expect ?
We're in this together
griaß eich
It certainly isn't for their incredible success
Parents were not in favor of videogames back then so time on the latter was limited haha
My farts became chemical weapons two hours later
No tourists
Joyeux Noël!
IIRC, technically that money was never paid back
), first written in 1811, is almost(?) in its entirety still in use unchanged
I didn't read your article, but I've heard about this in some other media outlet.
- I like skiing
_ Sometimes it‘s also a silent letter
Oh, and some children fathered by occupying soldiers
first days since Chrsitmas which are above 0° Celsius
Most will have a garage spot and a balcony/garden
He's really short and overcompensates for it constantly
I sound a bit slow when I speak standard german
Wenn du nach diesem Prinzip antwortest, dann wären auch alle heutigen Österreicher Deutsche, weil man sich vor 100 Jahren noch als solche gesehen hatte
I can buy the fund with my online broker - so the online broker has to handle this for me.
Not Kartoffel, it's Topfen, not Quark and it's Schlagobers, not Sahne
r/Austria just hopes that it is not responsible for the mess - again.
Didn’t believe me still
The Bavarian are at least sensibel about our "we don't give a dame as long as you don't interrupt our daily life"-statement.
They need 2/3rd of votes in parliament to add or alter a constitution law
And „vorsaufen“ in Austrian
Probably because they are the most likely to approach you
usually 1x a day (before going to bed)
Nobody ever claimed Beethoven was Austrian though
I very much hope you are kidding.
I'm sure there were a lot of people who really didn't have a choice but to play along but on the other hand, looking at [pictures of the crowds] on the Heldenplatz for Hitlers first speech tells a story on its own
yup, my grandmother is dutch and it took me a few years to realize that having these calendars isn't normal in austria
We have (or had) the same problem in Austria.
Also when he wanted to dissolve the chambers he earned a lot of resistance since most chambers are lead by the ÖVP
I don't know
had a stop there when i went to down under
Same
TIL
Whether or not a Champagne is the right for you, no one else can really tell you
Lots of it
He also really likes Paul Joseph Watson of Breitbart fame
I guess I didn't see all departments or something
I think of our current military as a rather pointless and anachronistic establishment, since we are a neutral country.
There are other archaic remnants still being kept because of religion.
Ständestaat
I know that "nokken in the kokken" is "fucking in the kitchen" in swedish
There is a big difference between the Northeast and the Southwest of Graz.
Yeah, it’s not and that’s my opinion
Many videos of him show off the beautiful side of Austria
The term "allies" in this context always includes the Soviets
So we I guess we agree on that
I can only think of ["Kastner & Öhler"]
What is more common in my experience is the condescending way of telling the Austrians and Swiss they don't speak "proper German". Like german German would be the proper one
Why not find out
FPÖ abstained to please their coalition partners at home, while Grüne and NEOS represented their people
Pretty sure no other country has a big ass data centre in the middle of your country though.
It's grammatically correct in some dialects (mine included).
I am interested, what are some things you miss
Gsiberger Witze are very common in all of Austria
Cars a a lot cheaper in Germany than in Austria because of the bigger market, but with all the additional costs it will be about the same
Like Ignaz, Matthäus, Genoveva, or Alma
I was often greeted in French and Italian
How do I "activate" the flag thing
Those are not diacritics, but [Umlaute] - the sound changes significantly.
At least in German place names that is always the case
Its a strip of belgian land about the size of a small street that "cuts" through the german land
Now where I am from a pass (the group) consists of 3-6 Krampus (they were pelts so they look and big wooden masks and big bells on the back,  ) one Körbelträger(guy who caries a big basket with trests on his back, is cover in black color(not about race, more about the woods) moss and other things) one Angel and one saint nicholas
Played all the time and while it's not really a bad song it got annoying
Depends on the age, but when I was younger (6ish) I used to watch Nadine, Stern der Seine, which is essentially an anime about a female Batma/Zorro during the french revolution.
I often hear, other than the time Mozart and all the other important musicians lived around here, that during Austrio-Hungary and under Habsburg was the golden time of Austria
But it's very, very common in Austria:
The Migrumpies for Austria
Blunzn is a blood sausage, and also a pejorative expression for a stupid or annoying woman
At some point the railway got obsolete and was replaced by a cycling path, but the land remained belgium
best to be sure and cover all bases.
Throw it in the pool
That you actually had and still have a public discussion about topics such as these shows who the really socially advanced countries are.
Average salary in France is like 2500 euros will average salary in belarus is what 400 euros?
You gotta admit that's hilarious though
TIL: She is Mrs husband of the president of Moldova
Thats sad
That's a crow
Admins: "Some" people say that German Wiki admins extensively delete everything that doesn't fit their personal opinion
If you are well-off the US may be "better" individually speaking
there is a head office in Austria and several factories, thats why many consider it as an Austrian company
That's kind of the point
It's such an easy fix in my opinion
Well, there is much arguing, but most austrian people accept that south tyrole is italian
Curious what's the rent on such a flat
Until then you basically had to know which word you write with a double "ss" and which one with a sharp "s". Then they made it simpler: If "ss", the vocal before is spoken short; if "ß", the vocal beforebis long
Chemtrails are pretty popular
I have never met a left-wing racist
Another notable thing is that our village had it's 1000th anniverary in 1930
So you know why the German emperor was an Austrian until military counted more than religion.
Probably also about ketchup on pizza
i suppose LG Hellas may be a daugther of LG but still is an independent company and so only have to care about products they sell.
That‘s like saying the EU is a nation
I graduated in 2014 and I am pretty sure my school discontinued the offer by now
Yes that is right
German, Dutch, French, Italian, Russian, English, Austrian Dialect (that counts
For Salzburg it's definitely the Hohensalzburg Fortress overlooking the city
Yeah, speak about victim blaming, if they had surrendered we wouldn't have been forced to firebomb civilian cities filled with refugees to the ground...
There are people who think that we will be speaking Arabic in the future because of some refugees.
Sometimes I think the city I grew up is the only one who hadn't any problems with them...
Geh schleicht di
"Dude
Just a lot of partying and drinking
They also have a bunch of Sahrawi families who live there for good
It is a youth plan though, I think the standard price would be 25€.
They are *massive*
A bayonet with a worker at both ends" -Lenin), they consider themselves an elevated class of society and have historically *always* been the defenders of the status quo, from the Roman Slave Empires to Nazi Germany to the Segregated South
Pölten is also a strong contender
That was among the indicators how soon and how well Neonazis across the world have adopted Computers and the Internet for their organising
So Ostmark was really only used officially from 1938 to 1945 and maybe inofficially a short time around that window
don't tell him that italy is much bigger and has more population.
Hey are most probably about 80% male, a lot of working class,...
The more rural an area gets, the more often you will see them
Largely this is an issue of appearance and popular support.
The moderate right is called, also by themself, mostly as "the conservative".
Even grammar differs
To a lesser degree is is also an issue of security/police presence (although I find it makes places feel *less* safe when there's always these damn grumpy security guards running around) and alcohol bans (Vienna had its first anti open container area designated around a train station recently for that reason)
I've seen Bernie Sanders being called a socialist so many times by americans even though he just wants a similar system as we have here, so don't tell me nobody thinks of europe as a socialist utopia
Haha i totally did
Billion = 10^12 = 1 000 000 000 000
I was taught that it is indeed allowed in the first few months of pregnancy
People buy fucking couches and TVs on loans
So I would be grateful if you could clarify
We locked down the whole school with iron chains except for the main entrance and asked a member of the voluntary fire brigade to fill a pool with water right before school began
Moose is kinda the same (the El of Elch if pronounced the same kinda) with a ch at the end
Fight me IRL
Yes, I really like it and I wouldn't want to live in another country for the rest of my life
just rub any fat/oil on your face to keep the skin from dying, in an emergency you can even use
This literally is censorship based on nothing but a suspicion, enforced with non-transparent automation
Ok, since you're immune to logic and reason I'm going to use equal level rhetoric.
(only a slot for the coin nothing to close) - downside for them is, sometimes coins pops out when taking the chain back in  - or are a little stuck and are harde to get out - so my keychainthing helps me with these a lot
Dutch and Afrikaans are easily understandable in context though it takes some time to get some words
All the resources are property of Greenland itself and not Denmark, while Denmark is stuck with meeting defence requirements
I can tell you, he definitely didn't want to play the victim card here
You would even say "du" to a doctor or an old lady
Stephen's in Vienna burned down, but man, not by much
style game
Build a solid foundation of standard German first then have lots of conversation to learn the dialect
I think they prefer to be called Middle East Europe
Much luck to you, hope everything works out
There are so many - St
[Other than wikipedia about the river] no, but i heard there's a great guided tour through the canalisation, the "3rd Man Tour" check it out
It's common for men and women
WHY THO
The city of Vienna paid 95
some Austrians here, but mostly Swedes and Germans
That offer is only for upc customers also purchasing a wired service though, right...?
The Austrian government is not elected, the chancellor is appointed by the president and chooses his/her ministers.
On the other hand most of us are social-democratic, which is a very different thing but always gets mixed up by americans
PS: I‘m a serb myself
When I was in Krakow for a few days, this actually really stood out to me.
The question wasn't what Google says, it was what your school said
I like to go shopping in Germany
German, I am a native german speaker and it still confuses me sometimes
After the end of the Austrian-Hungarian Empire, the (First) Republic of Austria existed for 20 years, and was then annexed by Nazi-Germany.
Buses would not work but you could use a boat.
It's only evil if it's European.
My grandmother also had to wait for her knee and feet surgery
If it doesn't sound too off and is semi understandable I generally use Standard or Umgangssprache for writing, unless it's, like, a text message or something like that maybe
Ah you see but Irish unification is on the table due to the Good Friday agreement
Second that
Producing Injections Molds, Automation Robots and other equipment for producing all sorts of plastics and synthetics
( I think I read that about Finland, but could be wrong for them too)
Where are you going this time around?
It's not so much a set rule, but just convention
Is it because your clan holds some secret recipe or something
With the 13th and 14th salary the company is more flexible.
Since austria is austria and the countriside shits on everything vienna says if it thinks it is stupid it is somewhat legal in some places
Are there any official communication channels from the EU commission, that give details about what that deal will most likely include, or what has been negotiated so far
Das Joghurt, Piefke
It was a joke oida
And if it's just spelling, why bother
It's official, everybody knows it now!
/r/SchnitzelVerbrechen/
My mother asked them why and they (3 people) couldn't give us an answer.
Usually you can choose between at least a Frankfurter, Bratwurst and Käsekrainer, maybe Debreziner, Klobasse ...
france vs africa
Same language with the same accent, same restaurants and cafes, same shops, same street signs and general layout - it’s pretty crazy imo
There he learned a lot, it was fun and he always looked forward to meeting people there
I think our economic policies and the welfare state can be considered pretty left-wing.
And America has to [overcompensate] ... again
Japanese democracy was heavily guided by the military and navy since the 1880s and alligned with their imperialistic whims
After Snowden leaks, Software or Hardware (Firewalls) with "made in the USA" should be less popular
I've still got a GMX account from back when I was a kid
If you read the Expanse books, you'll see what I mean
Am left wing, bang my had against the wall when our center parties talk about something like eastern europe exporting unemployment.
I will piss on your beaches next holiday for that
That would most likely be what "defines" you as an immigrant to Europe, and imo that would make you the "good" kind of immigrant.
It's disputed whats the real origin of the ["Malakoff-Torte"] but it could be named in honor to the battle of Fort Malakoff at Sevastopol
I love the long summer evenings.
The attempts to make the Yugoslav ethnos can be seen for example in the curriculum for learning BHS languages at school was unified and the language streamlined in order to create a situation similar to Italy where there was also a need to create an identity after the unficiation
They erected a paper clip [monument] and even went as far as issuing a special [stamp] in 1999 (which looks pretty cool)
And people wonder why the right is having a resurgence
I guess it has something to do with general tastes
The odds are as good as they'll ever get
I have never been carded in my teenage life in Austria in the 1990s.
I love how Finland is communist
"Inselen, Schallalen, Gabalen". (Some) Carinthians like to make words cuter
Edit: Also saw somebody else talk about Schönbrunn and St Stephens Cathedral and gotta agree with them too
Far right jews and a pro jew far right in Europe.
None of this is anything official.
Yes, they are our most dominant neighbour
* so an s if the question is s/z but the sound is s.
How do you think things got better for Ukraine
It even has "the nuclear".
In Scandinavia those are strictly not synonymous
Not as bad as football, but Icehockey has some pretty hardcore fans
Schengen allows you to do a lot of things which would be harder or even impossible to do in other countries, like
Servas
Cause there's loads of people in western Austria that learn the language due to the proximity.
They obviously used the wrong map.
Maybe it's more of an Austrian thing
Bad teacher then
As for Rosegger: I‘m 16
Then you have countries like Sweden and Austria where the data use is above 3GB and the extreme case of Finland with > 9GB per month.
It got more relaxed than 20 years ago but if you say "Du" to an old lady or - god forbid - to a doctor you are seen as immensely unfriendly
I‘m studying it in Vienna at the Technical University (TU Wien)
left Slovakia for Austria couple of years ago because well eastern europe :P it's 270km from Vienna to my hometown so i can still visit my family pretty often
Not exactly but they were well respected for being rugged and easy to fix
Idiocy knows no borders, also there is a difference between sharing values and exercising them
Anything involving road trips
Don't get me wrong, I like a good protests to put the fear of the people into politicians, but you got to at least know why
Usually I rent a trailer
;-)
No, generally kids don't pay rent as a point of principle, especially if the parents own the property
you americans dont seem to understand that sometimes neither the first nor second option are acceptable.
(Just paraphrasing /u/SalmonDoctor, personally I am Jon Snow in those regards)
We have even more micro-states in Europe
Once I saw a fox, but it honestly looked very meager and desperate
The immigration topic is handled by Kurz and Doskozil and they are both doing a good job at it.
Currently living in Götaland and having lived in Bodø before can confirm
well, Wörthersee has some nice ones...
I think one could also add beer vs
Slovakia: (I know too less about Slovakia)
The same guy using party funds to pay for his lifestyle while earning a fortune in his position anyway
Wow, ok
Areas like schleswig-holstein and thüringen have less in common then austria and switzerland
3) Add semolina, yolk, melted butter, flour and salt and mix throughly until a soft, smooth dough forms
Schrödinger's Turk
It's funny because we even have problems distributing the refugees in Austria.
We Austrians don't take most things that seriously and it's more jokingly
At a certain point something has to give
Even nowadays they vote more in favour of parties which (secretly) represent and support Pan-Germanism (FPÖ).
Is the idea to stop somewhere on the way home from work to get dinner really such a strange concept
"Us vs Them" type anthems are the best
No, that song is nice and all but it was composed by Americans for an American audience and has little cultural or emotional meaning to Austrians themselves
Thank you so much, that's way more in depth than I expected
Like who are they doing this for
Even our currencies the złoty and the leu are almost 1:1 in parity
Uhm
So they installed the US as scapegoat.
(10:40)
But I guess we can't see our ancestor's as purely evil either
Split your country in two pieces
I don't mean pricing 1,99 should be illegal, it should be illegal to say so but then keep more of your money
Giurgiu / Ruse Pyce straddle the border for exampl
But: Without Hitler the consequences might have not been that terrible
Two syllables
China
And generally any expression I have picked up somewhere is fair game for me
I had never heard of them until they nearly became a customer of ours
[Like this
633
If you're writing this from an Austrian POV, I think it was actually brilliant
(don't hit me pls, Gsiberger and Tirolerkrh)
In the countryside, I've crossed the border without even realising (and ended up in Hungary or Czechia) several times
But if you are getting lunch in any restaurant there is always a soup included
Unless the work requires it - plenty of inns, especially in rural areas will try to keep that look
VOTE LE STYLO ET PAS POUR LE ISLAMISTE FILOU QUI VENDU A DES ETRANGERS
After we lost the support of Mussolini Hitler had an easy game with Austria
The Customs Union and the Eurasian Union are attempting to so the same.
I wouldn't drive anywhere for a taco, I'd take the superior public transport system
You cant just show up on a construction site and ask for few days of work.
They have a Slovenian origin but are much more common in southern Austria than in actual Slovenia
Do give them a try, they may look humble but they're really tasty
We thoroughly learned about the events and reasons leading to that horrible shitshow as well obviously
She of course, had little clue what a pizza was, but she still tried.
also
Pythonesquely absurd while focusing not on the absurd but making it seem believable
Nicholas and the guy with the basket + the angel enter the home first
I don't know, but he went on and on about the tactics in the mountains
You can just use the rolled r (which is standard in Swedish, right?), there are big parts of German speaking population that use that, heck there are even places where the natives use the English r.
The usual combo
In Vienna you 'only' get to see the city.
Moving back to Austria now but will continue using QERTY
Every valley/region has its own typical Tracht
That will be 450€ a month for a modest room in a shared flat over here.
) A slightly higher dose would kill a human almost immediately
1 	pinch salt
Because of corona or in general
Whenever I go back home, waiting in a big line for KFC is always on my bucket list (pun intended)
But worth checking out
In 1950 it was abolished again with some exceptions (that were never used) and since 1968 it was completely abolished
Not all of it does make sense necessarily (it sort of does, if you know the origin of specific words), but you will eventually get the hang of it.
"Po" means butt in German, so the Po river is the butt river to us
>  the Greek government
Can you really blame them
>There are almost no self locking doors here
Australia is a continent, New Zealand is not part of it
> Why does it seem like many in this sub will attack anyone for being religious like its a terrible thing
To be fair, literally any European country would fight the UK on such insane claims.
A while back, I worked at a major tourist attraction in Vienna for about a year.
Yeah sorry for not being clear
Don't try to teach us as to why we are acktually "ethnically" or "genetically" or whatever, Germans
Hell how even would the fronts have been in the great war - would there have even been a ww2 the way it was
Spanish – Viena
De Kommentarsektion is hiatz a stückl da Republik Österreich
Vienna: Totally fine in every part of the city
Which doesn't really cover the costs of studying.
was amazing
If I should ever move to an english-speaking country I would try to speak and write their version of the language, but as long as I am not why should I try to limit myself
I bin net nur da beste im Zöltfestsaufn, soundern i hob a an Zugriff auf des gaunze Arsenal vom Musiverein Leibnitz!
>but still have a trade agreement
my Bavarian relatives do this, but they are all older folks.
Mayne it's slightly slower at negotiating than the UK, but still from a more powerful standpoint, since it makes up pretty much half of the developed world
If you came right up to my face, you'd notice them just as well.
I have seen one of these Spanish decks once
Cancelled
I have been using it for a few weeks (AT).
Hmmm
I'm very curious about stuff like this because people don't just leave their home without a good reason usually
Just in case visitors need to call for  help
Also, a tiny plaque mentioning the extremely late voting rights for women in a room supposed to show how progressive Switzerland is
Some of the kids speak Arabic and Basque, but barely Spanish, which is funny
Despite these prejudices, Romania is a truly gorgeous country
may i ask what you hate about it
You have seen how people who don't like homosexual people are treated in this threads?
You ll be out - no need (and no way) for the EU to force a member state to do something for a non member state
Like Voss, but probably less expensive
Eggs, milk and cheese
In my experience, it isn't bad at all.
It gives individual states more options regarding ~~fiscal~~ monetary ~~politics~~ policy by manipulating the value of the currency
Glad you made it to a good Heurigen - nowadays there are those tourist-traps-"Heurigen" as well, with overprized mediocer food and kitschy music
I lived for seven years on and off in Hungary - never had the impression you are describing
God, don't get me started on those.
"Österreich I+II" is more or less the standard documentary for Austrian students to watch when learning about the 20th century
Hitler was the only important head of the Nazi party ever
That was banned in Switzerland
Idk how correct that is but the starting salary is around 4-6k so why should I pass on money that would be dumb or
Only they Look especially down on "Burgenland"
No he isn't. He was born in Salzburg, which wasn't part of Germany
"\[...\]  to secure the deal recently promised by Trump and Ursula von der Leyen, the European Commission president
Vienna is the Capital of Vienna, and Salzburg is the Capital of Salzburg :P
Some FPÖ people posted something on facebook saying something like "If muslims are so much against our christian traditions, why do they take their Weihnachtsgeld'"?
No Reichs involved from our side
&#x200B;
Hell yes
Could be that you understood the situation wrong, or that it's a different in culture, or that they behaved in a strange way
And in many places taxis are shit too
Do you have those in your country
I've encountered quite a few people who unironically said that Austria is fully responsible for WW2
Pretty much all of it are man-made environments too though
I only understand railway station and
The second worst thing you can do is call us Germans
The last foreign currency I handled were Polish Złoty, which felt the same as Euro to me.
Countries without are:
Yeah i know about Bec
Illo	FI
Genuinely asking: what evidence is there that the reason people use less data has to do with price and not just culture / habits ?
Look where Austria was after WW2, we managed to get out of shit in a world where globalization wasn't a thing yet.
Most Europeans are able to differentiate between the US government and US citizens.
They didn't know that you can't just write the "ß" with a "b" because in this case it became a completely different word.
), you can get by without any Basque just fine
A quick wikipedia search later, I found out the Germanic Moon God was Máni (of course there are more/different ones too) and his sister Sól/Sunna gidess of the sun
We have the "Christkind" (basically baby Jesus) instead of Santa Claus
That might make it hard finding answers in this sub
But we have both Ubisoft and EA creating games in Romania and there are many more
If police have to assume you're armed, they will shoot much faster in an escalation, simply to protect themselves.
There is some discussion about if we're allowed to remove it because technically it might not be not a war memorial, but it was built by the red army
That was some overplayed media bullshit
Yeah, that sounds painfully Austrian for sure
- Afghanistan
Like I said, I dont know any Austrian who does that
Consistency in this context is best translated as Konsequenz, Kontinuität, Konstanz or Beständigkeit
Why aren't you upset by the men who attacked and assaulted these women?
So the same we would do with south tyrol and italy
So i gave it a thought and my best idea is this: Tell him that Europeans are really freaked out by Americans because they tend to look Europeans waaay longer into their eyes than theyre used to do it and he should be really careful about this not to put people off, because it comes across as rather aggressive here
But if we are talking about how modern Austria got it's identity it was the aftermath of WW2
Apparently it is for some around here...
MITTAGSRUHE, VERDAMMT NOCHMAL
I personally like [Granada's cover of Billy Joel's Vienna] albeit not a great fit for video game background music
that's true of every country on everyone of those maps.
But back to your original question:
I expected it to happen in Vienna if anywhere in Austria was what I wanted to say.
Though to be fair none of them are even close to the given examples, we have pretty high standards
At the moment we're more likely to kill each other and the brown people.
And small-scale fraud by a bank employee, lying to me about the conditions for some optional offer, to get me to sign it
- beach
I've never even heard one
Seems a bit too cliché. I mean "How do I avoid Roma
we should put him on /r/austria couse he had austrian citizenship for 35 years
The only people using that subreddit are germans though
Especially in the training of officers
I was born after the fall of the Iron Curtain, and I still (as a Czech) feel closer in mentality to Serbs, Bulgarians, or Hungarians than Austrians,
You and me all count as Germans for them.
Apart from Vienna being quite empty and Graz would face some serious issues
The name of the digits
] It was a mascot for a tobacco company called Casablanca and created by the famous  caricaturist(or cartoonist, whatever) Manfred Deix
Wasn't it called 'Heiamann' or something
Clean and authoritarian
There is no point in trying to bring them back
Was the grill preassembled
Greece being labeled Deutsche Bank Holding is top tier comedy
Well, I am glad it is totally different in my family and among my social circle, because I love trying out new culinary things, inviting friends and being invited, high quality ingredients and all the joyfull, gmiadliche package
Moose is kinda the same (the El of Elch if pronounced the same kinda) with a ch at the end
Yeah, I agree, I'd rather have summertime in summer, and switch one hour even further into that direction in winter, to have the sunset at 5 instead of 4 in December
3) I lost you when you started talking about an illusion, that would shatter, once I had access to education
The vaccination rate is most likely below 85% but numbers do not exist.
Someone to hear their prayers, someone who cares
AFAIK we do participate in something called 'Partnership for Peace'.
The Idea of a "Austrian Identity" was formed about the same time as the Idea of a german one
Austria isn't even particularly bad in that regard
And the process is where the credibility for any kind of statistic comes from, not the presentation of such numbers (unless they would choose to present it in a select/random order, making it unclear who actually pulls ahead of others).
In the same night a French girl I talked to said that she can't wait to get home again because she misses good tasting food
ID is mostly needed if you don't look older, most stores will ask you for it.
It's also about prohibiting the party NSDAP itself and their flags, symbols, songs etc.
Thats sad
Karlskirche
Yeah also Spain having no functional economy ...
Some don‘t even have german names by deafult, like, I recently googled what chapstick would be in german and the *dicitionary* said there‘s labello and labello only
**Vorarlberg**: Weird Swiss people, basically disconnected from the rest of the country
Everybody has an opinion about teachers, but nobody wants to do it
England: i love your quirkiness, your humour, your not taking yourselves too seriously
Or is it just the implied violence that makes victims cooperate
After all this is an emergency situation
Besides, using a car in a city like Vienna makes no sense whatsoever (except if you have to transport something large but there are good car sharing services for those instances)
I camped and hiked on Bunes, Horseid and Kvalvika Beach
And of course I laugh when they say weird things
Turkey also axed an archeological dig the austrians were working on since 50 years.
1 eruption of Vesuvius spills more into air than 100 year of Human civilization
Idiots
United Kingdom of not so Great Britain
After the crisis
Innsbruck is in and Salzburg is near the alps, Munich would be the best adress if you want to be near the mountains and still have a "city live feeling"
Similar story for Wiener Neustadt, it was Neustadt for several centuries before they decided the name had to become less generic
The first independent from who
That’s just common sense
The [Ibiza affair]
This is for all German speakers, not only Austria: what you call the "safe zone" when you play tag (fangenspielen)
it has already piled up, even before the migrant crisis started.
Third that process is already open to homosexual couples.
There's theories, but ultimately, no one knows
Just look at how many French words we still use (Niveau, Adresse, Büro, etc) because it once was the lingua franca
No problem
maybe you guys will learn someday
The problem with Basti is that he's shacking up with the right wingers, who H.C. was a part of
Below 20 I wear a hoodie, Below 15 a thin jacket, between 10 and 15 a thicker jacket, below 10 a coat, around zero an even thicker/bigger coat Everything below is death to me
The TU (Technical University) is one of the most prestigious ones here
Civil marriage is fucked up anyway.
But the general level of redistributing whealth is just about right
Western Europe is subsumed under the concept of former colonial powers and territories that are orientated towards the Atlantic and sustainably impacted by the Reformation with an early urban structure and early beginnings of industrialisation
European prices include 20% VAT.
Austrian cheese is the best :3
That said, our textbook was very British in pretty much every other aspect.
Much like in F1, short term financial gains drive all decisions
Does u/porcupineporridge agree on this
Maybe with a cocktail or something
And she didn't misspeak either, she kept talking about gigabytes of CO2, presumeably instead of gigatones
In my opinion everything in Austria is very nice haha
Also Northerners tend to hug more than shake hands, I think
My friend and desk mate left all her books in a backpack hanging from her desk the whole shool year and only took home the subjects she had homework or a test in
9th-13th century: HRE Prince
Can confirm this as an austrian
But we're talking about people being afraid of the vague possibility that a terrorist might kill them
If you equate the two then you're wearing into dangerous territory of shielding religion from critisism and outside opinion
Generally the more different the culture the more controversial
This let to the two parties constantly vetoing each other and nothing getting done
The whole [campus] looks really cool in my opinion
I'd say us Brits are born with a cup of tea in our hands
It's on the railway between Graz and Vienna, they are now building a tunnel to bypass it because it's really old and only slow speed is allowed.
True, didn't think about good ol' Yacht
Take THAT swedish welfare state.
Wasn't the association agreement between the EU and the Ukraine causing the Crimea crisis?
It's like with currency since I never used the old one I can't be nostalgic for it but older people will still talk about it sometimes
It always depends on how you say it.
Just money, although Spanish is a beautiful language imo
(His laptop was in the yellow bag for those who didn't read the story)
Additionally to general German works like Goethe, Schiller, Kafka, Mann ... we read Austrian literature like Grillparzer, the comedic plays of Nestroy and post war works of Thomas Bernhard, Jelinek etc
ÖVP: The Austrian People's Party
"Those who are useless and incompetent will work at the postal service or the railroad corporation
I guess most Romanians I've spoken to are also immigrants though, so that would make sense to take pride in one's origins in that case, but the same can't be said for my parents and people they've spoken to
Just like French before English and Italian before French it's the language of culture.
It's not perfect and there are still a few backwards people but it's beautiful, central(for traveling around mainland Europe), and homely
Heisl - sort of a minimalization of the word "cottage" - originally people most likely reffered to an outhouse
But is mostly used in dialekts
I’m a religious Weißbier drinker but maybe on a road trip sometime I could try it
Non-answer: Hard to say, because within these two countries there are plenty differences too
My physics teacher really hated me and wanted me to fail really bad - she already managed that I got the worst grade so I had to make a special exam in autumn to be able to stay in my class
Not my native languages, but I thought I could add two interesting ones:
Want sources of left leaning german papers reporting on it?
The Czech call my hometown Linec and not Linz and the Slovene say Celovec and not Klagenfurt.
I also have a small tiled woodstove in the living room, but its not connected to the chimney at the moment
Kaisersemmel -
It has a dip in it, sort of like a half-circle curving inwards
You did imply it
Well, yes
Hartmann von Aue
For example, a couple of weeks ago, the volunteers (high school age) on night shift at our local EMT station point baked several cakes for the staff when the calls were down, just because they could
If you leave the Landstraße behind you you can get into some beautiful neighbourhood in less than five minutes
This whole comment thread is about how this event affects politics, and as such, future laws.
"Magna" : very big automobile manufacturer, I think mainly Mercedes and BMW are its customers in Austria
When we still had sea access :(
So not born in a foreign country, but also not Austrian since birth
Alpenrepublik, Schnitzelland (sarcastic), Land der Berge (Land of the mountains);
They decide to leave for today, since they can't really do anything, not even close the meeting properly
No, in fact they were made illegal after they killed the former austrian autocratic ruler Dolfuß in 1934 in a failed putsch
In summary: It has of course nothing to do with different levels in politeness, and everything with adhering to what's *expected* that people would do; and it shows that *what* is expected of them, can differ greatly between cultures, and can be hard to know if you didn't grow up there
Of course sometimes they are cutting some mushrooms into the pasta sauce or they are frying meat and then they eat it with some french fries from the freezer section, etc
In Austria the draft is (still) mandatory so I spent 2 months near the hungarian boarder
The "region" that existed was a march of the HRE (under Bavarian overlordship), so it seems it was a separate entity but didn't necessarily have a name related to Austria
There's a common name in Austria that comes from Hungary called Horvath
oh I can rant about Innsbruck allright
Actually Austrias "4th of July" is on the 26th of October, the day we signed our [Declaration of Neutrality]
They always told me people are very nationalistic, so I just assumed that to be true
Best description of Austrian politics in general imho
like a toddler making up his own words :D
Austrian version: [
just wrapping it in aluminium foil works
I was looking for this
Fun fact: Austria actually got a nuclear power plant
beautiful idea, beautiful outcome
Next one is Netherlands
For main subjects (German, Math, English) we often had two homework notebooks that would be handed in in an alternating manner, in that case sometimes the color was mandated by the teacher
Maintain a curious diplomatic status as being recognized as country by over 100 other countries (many others not, but still), have their own passport system, laws, number plates, etc
Our banking secret has privacy reasons as the government has no business knowing what's going on there, for the same reason they have no business knowing what's going on in your house unless there are clear indications that you committed a crime.
I guess there is a "dentist day" but when you have heavy toothache you don't want to wait
Orange: Physics
I have the same problem with the swiss - I understand it, but my brain needs a second to process the sentence I just heard and comprehend what they were saying
We are a small, ineffectual country that relies on our European neighbors and NATO to defend us
There would be neither a German nor an English language today.
Kids running around making noise
Can confirm: am from "eastern Austria" and love the dialects in Tyrol
other than slopes there's little to speak of
"Er hot s'Bsteck zspät bstöt"
So 500k gets you a house but 400k only a one bedroom
But it takes around 6 hours from Budapest to Vienna.
South Tyrol and Tyrolian dialects are relatively similar from what I can tell, but Carinthiana and Tyrolian dialects do still vary quite a bit, even though all three fall under the dark blue area.
Many, all for different topics
Man hat einfach im KZ erkannt, dass die Blutfeindschaft zwischen den Parteien zu einer unerträglichen Zuspitzung der Lage geführt hat
I also find it a much better place to raise a family (I have a kid and another on the way) which is why I plan to stay here for a while
If you have weed on you in munich and the police sees you, you get a cavity search
You vote for politicians who will best represent your interests
Edit: It is true that after WW1 a majority of people living in the new state auf Austria were in favor of joining Germany
I, for myself, think that the language is connecting the two countries
Did you know that Brno is the Czech transkription of Brünn which was the original German name
From the time I worked at a company which main customers pay in dollars I like there is no additional "currency rate gamble" when trading within the Euro zone
So what's the rationale for just splitting things up into 12 salaries?
Also a relative of mine lives on the countryside and rides 30km with his E-Bike (he is nearly 60) to work if it isn't raining
Americans can be lucky, that they don't bring the good, cheap European cars to the US
> I’d say the most famous is the Aachener Dom
I don't think the saying is specific to any region but known in all of Austria.
Brought back some memories
I haven't once got sparkling water when i ordered water, so i'd say still water is definitely the default in Austria.
Personally i find the Austria-Australia thing much more annoying, though mostly because it's such an over-used joke
Let's make that after 1938
Warm: 21 to 25
That we know of
The traditional choice of bad fillings for "fun" used to be mustard
Our neighbors have been overrun
Also, don't take those horse carriages
* How they are elected/formed
I never had the impressions that it's a light insult you'd just throw around
People shouldn't have to go through all the hassles of getting citizenship, especially here where you can't get ours without giving up your previous one
Because this approach seems naive.
Today it's not allowed to build nuclear power plants in Austria and it would be hard to find someone in my country who is not against nuclear power.
austrian presidential election, nuff said.
It's our current political world and we gotta live with it
lol (Can't watch the vid :()
I really wonder how democracy will evolve in the next couple of years with opinions that far apart.
It was about 10 minute drive to the pool (though there was a smaller one closer by, don't know why we didn't just walk over there).
Russian trolls are coming
kangaroos
If that question would be in german i at least could make the joke, i don't eat "kartoffeln" (german word for potatoes) i only eat "erdäpfel" (austrian word for potatoes) so nothing changes, but no you ruined that opportunity
The only one I quickly spotted with a trend downwards is the UK.
Science problem 1: Link forest
Comfy, soft, ugly
You can do as many as you want
maybe I don't get the question but OP asks for native names, not names from another language converted to your native language, or am I dumb
>By the way, early marriage, as in late teens and early twenties, did happen quite a bit, but generally only in the case of an unplanned pregnancy
(I'm sure you know it, right?)
they were ok, well, expect getting milled and eaten by geese, but Struwwelpeter gave me PTSD.
I'm already learning dutch (but haven't studied since a few months due I'm also learning cebuano and this language has more priority in my life rn)
(Salzburg, Burgenland, Vorarlberg stay the same, Upper and Lower Austria aka Ober- und Niederösterreich which basically means the same, Vienna aka Wien, The Tyrols aka Tirol, and Styria aka Steiermark, but Steiermark deprived from the name Steyr so I get that one too
Especially when learning latin and translating
He basically said “find a solution - even if it’s one that’s out of your comfort zone”
There are many other countries who have this as well, Germany, France Japan come to mind
Strong relations with the Commonwealth Realms are much more important
And I hate that thing along with the human that created it with a passion I usually don‘t have
German is also good for Austria, Switzerland, Liechtenstein and parts of others countries, French is also spoken widely around the globe.
Finally, Southern Europe is the Catholic and essentially Romanic countries with a major seafaring tradition
On the mountain everybody is informal
Before Elementary school
As far as I know, that's not a requirement in Austria
General history:
> My first thought; what does something like this even look like
Same in Austria
Vienna is still one of the safest citys
Sure
There are so many - St
Sacha Baron Cohen is a Brit
Because we have more dialects :PPP
You can only confirm a case if you actually test for it
Mostly not for the food itself, but for lack of grace or seemingly "not having your life together" – after all, who in their right mind would want to eat while walking even though it's a) unhealthy b) hard to enjoy your food that way c) kinda sad and lonely and lastly d) dirty and kinda disorderly
It's *kinda* informal, but not too bad
i say let them vote now, and if they get independence offer them a huge welcome fund as soon as they join the EU
Translation: There was atleast a baby elephant between us
It's a catastrophe here ... Teacher are clueless and the government things the solution are tablet classes ...
estonia
Are there any official communication channels from the EU commission, that give details about what that deal will most likely include, or what has been negotiated so far
I'm heavily leaning on yes, we should have
In my family my mother cooked most of the time, but my dad made the Schnitzel
We quickly turned around then
If you add what you are refering to after the number you use, like the germans, the counting ones (one is the exception, both high german and dialekt specify if the thing you are refering to is male, female or nether by using one of three versions of one)
Hmm maybe I'm a Finn then
The Neapolitian Pizzeria around my corner has tablecloths like that
All new addresses are gmail and have been since 2012 when google gained the rights
You forgot our forest cities and our explosive trees in Austria
keeping in mind the examples that OP gave, there's only one correct answer really: the Austrian version of chav/gopnik/redneck/Asi would be a **Prolo**, short from **Prolet**, a [member of the proletariat] [other example]
Since czechia and slovenia were part of austria and even before that part of the hre and controlled by mostly german nobels for most of history they picked up a lot of germanic culture
Immortal stem/progenitor cells replenish the pool of differentiated cells.
I don't think our system in Austria is bad, but far less democratic
looks very weak indeed hope he got better after this photo
See the upper lip
We have a strong east/west divide, you have a Bible Belt,...
Oh you're right were going to stay good friends like all those happily divorced couples out there that like to hang out all the time.
Sorry for the off topic rant, but I did quite some research on that topic, and I mostly found that most laws protecting prostitutes only improve the conscience of feminists and conservatives, but the voices of sex workers mostly get ignored
Rücken = buckl
In english you say "are xx (years old)" instead of "have xx years".
Ok u/HungryAndHornySlut
yeah, a big sponge cake, cutten with a thread in the middle and filled with cream and sometimes pickled peaches or apricots.
First rule of /r/Politics:
The rest is just confusing
I really feel like I am in a different universe
(for example, if you can prove that you are part of a sports team etc
well if they make a usual trade deal, they dont need the national parliaments to vote on it, it was just that ceta and ttip had agreements that overreached the commisions competence.
The most I've played was with 9 :D
Source: Living in Vienna and am to Graz every year
I *hate* it when people do that because I feel tricked.
the results are explained in detail in the document in the top comment.
On a good day you can scale one of the hills and see two European capitals, Vienna and Bratislava
Maybe 10-20% or so
I can remember some trips with music class to concerts and one to the opera, but that was only some hours and I wouldn't consider it field trips
> it's about the mismatch of the circadian clock and social clock
Butter + soy sauce is an awesome flavour combination, by the way
Nice work
why is Germany's name in other languages derived from so many different tribes that lived in the area (Germans, Saxons, etc), but none of them are fully grasping or including all historical peoples in their name for the country
Usually used for checking attendance at tests and to get student discounts
But here is the percentage of GDP that the industry is responsible for
As far as I know sz=š, cz=c(with hacek), rz=r(with hacek) and something is probavly z(with hacek)
Personally, I like this attitude as it is very welcoming to immigrants.
Historical flack:
We all laughed
Therfore you pay in the end more anyway.
My condolences
How have i never noticed that one even though I'm in linz pretty often
Not everybody's into it of course, but I would say 75% of the population would at least know if it's going on at the moment, due to tv coverage/newspaper articles.
There is this Austria wide running gag that all poles are thieves.
Syrians refugees are not considered refugees under the Geneva Convention.
A ketchup am lewakas bringt doch erst den flavor ausse
We had school-done skiing weeks
I don't know, i really enjoy the English language for several reasons, one being its simplicity
Where do you get free buckets
That’s not really true though
So much so that a person from the far west of the country (Vorarlberg) would struggle a lot to understand a person from the far east (Burgenland) and vice versa
But often I met many people who still have the WWII image of Germans although a ton has changed the last 70 years
>Why not usual gas, though
I think the winner should be allowed to eat the eggs
They are easier targets, theres more to gain, and its easy to check if the occupants are there
I bought Voss water once - for the bottle
gemütlich = gmiatlich
I literally have feelings for this country
Or you could vote for the SPÖ to get them into the coalition
Otherwise you can sue to void the contract or the seller has the opportunity to compensate to match the 50% of value
Other important residences were in Steyr, Graz, Linz and Wiener Neustadt
Things like food that I missed I was able to figure out a way to cook them here as good as possible
Sebiunouva
This website loves nuclear energy.
I only had the hugs awards but have it anyway because I agree
;-)
Ooh look at me, I'm a Brit and I'm hitting se nail in se head
"Schnitzel mit Tunke". Never an easier way to spot a German
18+ men are required to join for a year or something, but we couldn't legally go to war anyways, our country is tiny and they mostly provide flood relief (which is great but
No, they cannot as the Yemeni government was no longer in control of the country, when they "invited" Saudi Arabia.
I don't know when the last time was that you were in an Austrian school, but that is definietely not what is taught in Austria's schools nowadays
Its the influx of many Polish and historically many Polish Jews that seriously left their mark in local culture eg in Vienna
My natural rhythm I slide into is working between 10 and 18
Many European nations that brutally oppressed and killed each other for centuries are now each other's closest allies in the EU.
The Duke of Austria and his quarrel with Richard I of England gave Austria a few chests of money and provided England with several half mythical heroes  and Villains(Robin Hood, Ivanhoe ...) to populate several hollywood films and animes
and if you liked Shoplifters and would like more of the same Japanese setting, you'd probably also enjoy Tokyo Godfathers by the great [Satoshi Kon] good Christmas movie
I already had an interesting discussion with a Turkish about how strict laws regarding "insults" cannot collude with European ideals hence why they need to change if there ever should be a European Turkey.
The thing in france with the teacher is diffetent
You at least have to spend one night out in a Bierzelt and get so drunk on beer that you feel the hangover for the next two days.
Lets have one day for men and one for women.
Clean and safe
I honestly don‘t know
that's just stupid
However, no one knows who came up with the name, how long the region was called that, if it really means eastern realm and if so, what "eastern" relates to here
Fuck man all the buildings that have a winged lion on it were built by the Serenissima.
* The big dog USA currently has a weak, idiotic, and easily manipulated president
meh, I found tropical rainforests to be surprisingly benign, especially since there's not really any undergrowth
I can 100% agree
Haha, the Luxemburger community in Vienna is awesome
Hence the saying: Schreiben tut man "Wasserhahn", sagen tut man "Pipn".
people used to call them Tante (aunt), same as with kindergarten teachers
Ihr Recht geht vom Volk aus
As long as you don't complain about our superiour language.
Thatś nice to hear
But in contrast to WW2, every major European nation wanted WW1
apparently, both is possible [and up to the teacher] TIL
I've never heard of it in Austria.
Evading citizen duties like military service and in some cases taxes while still being able to influence the life of people living in the country massively by voting in elections even though the outcome of these barely influences your own life is unfair
Maybe calling [Sebastian Kurz ] (a politician) [Dumbo]
True the whole "surrender monkey"  thing is a lot older, and that against the nation you own your own independence to
To summarize the summary: anyone who is capable of getting themselves made President should on no account be allowed to do the job
Which is impressiv considering our size
The fact that this came in tweet form makes it so much more surreal.
And them getting that approval after fullfilling the requirements is uncertain, but not out of the question either.
Edit: [
But yea its nice to see that swedish derives some of its words from overly complicated linux tools
This shit is killing us at the moment
I wasn’t familiar with him, but now that you’re saying it, it does ring a bell
Happy Birthday to all my Romanian friends!
> If it is a large city they sometimes may mention only that
I like the latvian flag, maybe a little brighter red and a thicker white stripe and it’s perfect
And force them throw away their current citizenship
Yes, being purged is horrible and all, but that still doesn't mean they should be able to vote or that it is "sensible" at all if they have no residency there.
Guess which one he almost never uses
Would you take issue with someone dancing over Greek Gods and their Mythology and calling them fairy tales
But I thought the EU would hinder innovation by forcing everyone to use USB C? Have I been told lies by these paid shills and apple fanatics in all threads on this topic
It always baffles me, that so many US people rant about it
Wels is way more ugly than Graz
Cool, especially because I’m currently vacationing in Copenhagen
Ordnungsamt
My second name is Friedrich, nice to see someone who's not making fun of it ;'}
Ayy, I live in the only dark green/blue area in central Europe.
'Er hat (nicht) die Eier dazu' No comment on how big they are :D
we could forgive you that, as long as you pour us all some tea afterwards.
Leberkassemmerl ftw
I heard, that in Denmark you get paid to be a university student.
Sounds about right
a (short for "ein" or "auch") which is "a" or "too" in English
You can live without fear and still change your vote to politicians willing to take decisive action.
I was able to read them before I was able to write my own name
One of them was even spat on
It is no coincidence that nobody wants to send their kids to public schools, especially not democratic politicians.
Yeah, leave those cheap low skilled jobs with shitty salary to the Brits, they'd gladly take'em!
Yeah
Next time you can watch "Was nützt die Liebe in Gedanken" and see if they kill themselves...
I thought the deception was on the side of the slaughter houses or the meat distributors, not the retail sellers
Men do cook waaay more than it was common in earlier times but I wouldn't say that men are usually cooking more advanced than women
That that was a slippery slope is proven by this years inventions, the awfull [Schnitzel- and Leberkäskrapfen
I can only really comment on younger people with a university education here, but among those, white iPhones, Gucci bling and Luis Vuitton bags is definitely looked down upon as a class identifier, and seen as only being liked by working class Turkish immigrant kids, chavs and gopnis, maybe those who didn't go to university and started working right away when the were 20, and "basic" people (Tussis, basically those who study law or economy and who party at posh inner district clubs instead of at raves, festivals or more alternative clubs)
German is just messed up Dutch
Flamingos in a zoo are something different entirely.
I'd like to see a source for your claims.
the sole purpose of the warrant canary is to let everyone know they've been compromised, so there isnt really much room for interpretation.
There are multiple classifications of this which differ according to what kind of historical development or regional differences you want to express
Who wants a socialist/communist government is the important question
Pogromes ensued: Jews were harrassed, shops and synagogues burned down
So wie es in allen zivilisierten Ländereien ist
I guess in Austria it would be sold in pharmacies
Or when they drive the romans crazy by having their tea break during the battles
Yeah, get used to that
See Modern Israeli Hebrew, it's quite different from Biblical Hebrew.
»Guillemets« are an acceptable middle ground
"Gottesanbeterin"
Ah you see but Irish unification is on the table due to the Good Friday agreement
I can't hear the "another shrimp on the barbie" joke anymore...
If I ever get to Namibia, that's definitely on my list
Been there, nice
So that's why nothing was done to stop the invasion of austria
I have never seen anything like it in Brazil
My buddy invited him to see the flat
^It's ^called ^Fleischkaas *^cough ^cough*
History rarely is rock solid enough for that
I loved standing in line for another hour due to that
The Krampus thing
I said “well, let me think“ and started staring at thw huge castle looming on a mountain above the city
But Austria wants into Mittelmeer, and y'all have a lot of that
There's another version of this, where they also show Vitaly Klitschko - he abstained from fighting, because he thinks that they should make politics with their heads, not their hands
Warm: 25 to 30
Moscow is a place I want to visit and don‘t want to visit at the same time
I also just learned that apparently Austria only banned it with November last year
Out of all things I found out about my country because of this subreddit, I think this one surprised me the most
I also dont like strawberry flavoured Ales
You have a right to self defense and defending others but there is also "Excessive Self Defense" when you go beyond what is imediatly necessary to mitigate the danger to yourself or others
Heretics can always reconvert
;-)
I am in Engineering and my internships paid 1200-2000€ per month
) inside the Blue Banana and also Thames starting, going through and ending in the Blue Banana Region
Actually they preferred to marry of their kids into other royal families, so to avoid wars but still gain territory/influence
[Video of the traffic]
Wouldn't an insane amount of pictures fall under this law?
000 Chinese people from certain death
He never got married, because he doesn't trust anybody enough
somewere else where you clearly saw this development, was when gb was leaving eu
Not for History
Yeah, both words are also related, English gift is related to "give". And German poison is Gift, because it's something you "give" someone (without their knowledge ideally)
This is actually true for a lot of countries, not just scandinavia
This question was asked about two weeks ago.
never really liked this macron-guy anyway" That's really weird.
Then be stuck in traffic for an eternity because snow causes a chaos on the streets
Apples and oranges
But compare your reaction th the shitstorm I would have reseved 20 years ago.
Judging by the complete incompetence of some EU countries, I fear what their reactors look like and how they are maintained
&nbsp;
They would change site anyway
This happened to me, forgot that Serbia isn't in EU when driving to Bulgaria in summer and had to pay 80€ for 5MB of data because of a quick lookup on Google Maps.
It´s an alemanic dialect, if you want to listen to a few songs in that dialect here are some examples and you will here its extremely different to the rest of Austria & Germany.
Because these were still people, these were someone's brother, father, friend
Cold winters, some football culture, focus on good city infrastructure (cycling), if im not misstaken.
I wouldn't call them "far away" though, with the exception of Mexico (which wasn't part of Austria for very long at all
Yes all the time
And good luck on moving here (whenever that‘ll be) :)
On another topic, you king seems to be one of the many people who call themselves "King of Jerusalem". The last Austrian emperor was another one
*esta viejo y podrido
The provinces for Vienna
age of consent here is 14, but if you want to have sex with people who are in a position of authority above you (eg teacher), you have to be 18.
Latest reports say one dead attacker, on dead civilist
I quite enjoy Michael Buchinger's monthly "Hassliste" (he's very good at ranting and being humorous while doing it)
Iceland or Norway
They are just agreements between the parties.
It's just the colour, reimagine it it would have a red brick front and then it's good
That's not a Schnitzel
They could test the waters in Prague or maybe even Budweis (not too far from the home base in Linz), and then expand to Brno
> they needed to reinforce the foundations with a complex system like this
Wait, did the princesses in the park not speak French
Now that i am writing this i notice that this is kind of similar to the federation in star trek lol
The allied powers made us keep their memorials intact forever after leaving, and we aren't allowed to remove them
Now there are hardly any around
I'm pretty sure that the US killed plenty of "insurgents" in Iraq.
But regular cooking
A better translation would be the christ child, but baby jesus sounds cuter/more absurd
I'm rather sure it's not the case here but maybe somewhere else, where there are virtually no deaths caused by other animals :D
I would list Thomas Brezina as an example of someone who is well known to young people, but also known to exist to older folk
Considering most people don't live in a house, there is a huge reliance on public spas if you wanna go to sauna
The revolution wasn't just in Prussia it was all over the multitude of German states
Also, Iberia is very empty, so wolves are less of a surprise there
You are cancer
I’ve never googled names of anyone I personally know, and expect the same of others
I've seen them once when a bankrobbery was going on in town
100% the norm, formal and informal
The compare them to Vodoo Jürgens or Helmut Qualtinger or
Ah, okay, thats pretty weird - youre right
It is a mixture of time zones, mod experience and history on the subreddit.
Exception: national voting rights
that is somehow absolutely true
Maybe something like "How much and what type of internet content is available in your native language?" plus a little explanation in the text?
Ah yes, the mighty Alps in Finland
It's mostly just "Lada", since it's AFAIK the only model sold - or at the least the only one that's somewhat present
Also people having to stay in the car and blinking into a blinding flashlight that's shining in their face, I've never experienced that here, also staying in the car is more a convenience and not a safety thing
What
What's the definition of shopping?
Ah the vagina train
Since the swamp is Washington and not New York, this computes actually very well.
Shouldn't you be saving a lot of money that way?
With close friends as well
It creates some limits to public planning
I think it's Latin>Romanian>Hungarian/German/Czech
Honestly, props to Boris Johnson & Entourage
Oh no
- Turkmenistan
Yes that would truly be evil
How often does it happen that there is a boiled water notice
I only look at my subscribed stuff, so I dont have that problem
Heretics can always reconvert
Recently was at a party in Berlin and they found my accent charming, so there's that
For Norway it's special that the king took the tram in 1973, here we have weekly posts of the president in a tram or the metro
I think its an Austria-Hungary thing
Thanks ÖVP for spreading lies and propaganda when we voted on it in 2013
The EU is the best way to maintain peace in Europe and peace is essential for our neutrality.
Andreas gabalier
In the slaughterhouse of my uncle you would never see that suffering.
Austria's approach is now to propose to build two useless powerlines to Bavaria to prove to the EU that the problem is not the connection to Austria.
Politics wasn't always that shitty/corrupt
Their next chance of being in the government is in 2 years and even then they would need another party to support their demand.
Sorry I really don‘t really understand what any of that means /:
Oh hey reverse Austria
So Hitler really was German, thank you for confirming that
And we should finally create that damn EU army.
Well, you forgot the most simple ones, Fangelex (Tag) and fuassballn (playing football).
Thing is, if it turns out that the Catalans want independece it would be pretty obvious that its you who is jumping through hoops
If Auschwitz is what you think of when you hear culture, you should visit more real cultural heritage sites to remind yourself what our culture really is about
- Butting in when Europeans play football
Second thing which I thought could be pretty unique is that our economy relies on both industry and tourism a lot
It's quite obvious really
> Why can't atheist just let the Christians be and vice-versa
I've always wanted to move to the mediterranean, now the mediterranean is moving to me
Well, u/Spooodermon did point out "for a ship", so
;-) We  could give our relationship a new try
The sad truth is that not even half of these people ould have shown up for a demonstration
Not only do they want your money, it's also a pretty easy way of making people do whatever you want them to do
If noone holds the power someone will grab for it.
There's for one stereotypes
Also, the climate between the sunny Mediterranean Coast, the dry semi-arid interior, and the lush, rainy and mountainous North varies greatly
[Jodel] is as close to your expectations as you're going to get.
" which is a very chilean way to say that you are from chile
Anyone who claims otherwise is suspicious
Also the merger would result in us getting the CSU
Noone I know wears shoes indoors.
Before making such statements, get your facts straight
the Phoenix park is great
Military, Code Civil, organizing the state etc
I don't want to make this point a "Europe good, US bad", but damn, the US system is horrible
It's basically like the second anthem
Had my first kiss that night, too.
No such thing as a "moderate" in that death cult
Disagreed but apparently i bark (though graz isn't quite as barky as the rest)
also /u/magnive you missed out some good shit
Ever since i read "The history of the world in 100 objects" i can't answer this for one country anymore
Here in Austria every adult has the right to own a handgun for self defense at home
Well, if you count Chechens as Russians, than maybe yeah.
Here in Austria you are part of the social system the first time you pay into it
But with the younger generation this seems to slowly fade-away, so it might just be that
The problem is that you might lose the citizenship of your country of origin when you join a foreign military.
>Tschinggala (From Italian "cinque" - 5)
Just wow
Other than wartime stuff and controlled explosions (tearing down buildings or in mining), probably an accident inside a FLAK-tower in Vienna 1944
Austria doesn't even have a coast, let alone a mountainous coast
I don't know if [Spätzlehobel] are a staple anywhere except Austria and Southern Germany ...
I think it's a bit of a pity we let the right folks occupy the flag
Wels is indeed a horrible horrible city
Missed that one and prolly next year too
Bi people can go wherever they want, most already have everything secured already.
German: Stuhl - chair
Our kangaroos for our people
He thought he dreamt it when he woke up until
Engineering/STEM jobs overall tho
And if I should think of words:
I‘m hella curious now
Yes, there have been quite a view cases at the court I used to work at.
I live quite near the border to germany and have contact to both friends/family in rural and urban areas in either countries and telling from my experience, it's absolutely true
Never heard of it
Moskvitch on the other hand are still joked about for being small
Might be cool but it's in Belgium, which instantly makes it uncool
While kids my age are usually civilized enough for the corona crisis, some of the teachers were a big problem
What shall he do
Hadn't any trouble with mechanics here, but they are expansive too, so I often take it into my own hands with a friend who was mechanic.
That's Intestine City, for anybody wondering.
I haven't been following the reports regarding the ban of burkinis in detail.
When they anschlussed Austria, they already had lists ready with who to imprison first - basically everybody in any leadership position of any political movement was imprisoned before Hitler made his triumphal drive through Austira
Actually it was about a coat of arms that depicted a motive from hungarian heraldic tradition.
Someone should tell these Russians that it isn't enough to use our letters.
It's Deka and is short for Dekagramm (10 grams) which is just like saying Kilo for Kilogramm (1000 grams)
Every country had rules about the quality of cucumbers before that, the EU just unified those rules to be the same for the whole EU, making it easier and more efficient to trade
There is a train going every hour to Italy so it is really easy to go there
In Vienna more than 30% of the population can't vote in their state/local elections because they are not citizens
And in the summer after the first attempt at an election he officially left the party.
If you want to understand why Russians love Putin so much you gotta look back at Jelzin.
The [inside of the library] looks like a spaceship
Now we're doing the same thing for Europe, but the internet is the battlefront.
Growing up, we'd lock the front door at night and when going out, and it would not lock automatically, so you could just walk in
I woud say it isn't just or skiing areas but most and definitely all the bigger ones
*breathes heavily in Austro-Hungarian”
The Umlauts are not optional
I sure hope he bled out slowly.
You're only hearing what you want to hear
in my opinion it is always neccesary to question whether the orders given to you are moral as well as legal before carrying them out
No, pretty sure border in that case means also country next to it.
I have family there who I visit a lot and so many people are "apolitical". younger generations especially are sort of detached from politics
It's totally normal for kids at around 6 years to walk to school or take public transport
But to me it's not a drink, it's food
Some industries have venefits of their own and espexially start-ups are developing good incentives like 30hour weeks on full salary
Both our flags are drenched in Turkish blood
By the rest of Austria Vienna is seen as unfriendly and arrogant
Vernio	IT
Hungarian
Nothing with grammar or spelling, but for some strange reason, I have the hardest time remembering food-related vocabulary.
"Oh, it´s time". :D
I hope the name european union isn't used anywhere since that would be the best name for something like that
i mean just look at the burka ban,...
Oravala	IT
> Romansh is an official language in Switzerland, and it is only spoken here
Thanks for getting occupied and taking one for the team
One thing that's unique about austria is that we are the only country in the world where skiing is considered a national sport
Austria of course being the very clear #1 in both cases (370 wins for the women, 490 for the men)
Yeah autocorrect
Not to forget Schnitzelsemmel, Bosna and Kafka
Is there any discussion in the us about that, if that is a weakening of the congress or if the president should have the power to make such decisions
A salt mine and a lead/zinc mine
Halt
Aka I‘d totally eat it without being disgusted
Most people say nothing, some say goodbye, but that's more a rural thing
Today I learned I am a dutch person
Right now I have 4 crushes
There are a lot of mostly American tourists who like greeting/thanking/etc
To avoid tax they register the ship in a tax friendly land, like Malta or an african country.
Is already starting to happen
Oh, Kekse
I’m from Vienna
Try - if you are lucky and there are still some tickets available for your preferred time(s), you can get a ticket Rome --> Vienna for 39 EUR per person.
For example you might say:
He had German citizenship by the 1930s. Surely you're not saying a foreign born individual can never be a true German
On a more serious note, here's a nice article about [Margrethe Vestager] one of the EU's politicians that I think would just not be possible on a national level
So basically you're a Northerner, regardless of the country you're in
Besides we have also the Alps in common and the love for wintersport
why shouldn't they be outraged abut something else, since when are people forbidden from commenting on other countries outside of theirs.
hello,
And there was a circle jerk of the translation beeing extreme bad
The Austrian take on hood ham is [Vulcano Schinken (sorry only german website)] Been there, they told us they aim to compete with names like Serrano or Prosciutto
Yes the old dubliner is a really nice bar but can be quite crowded on saturdays
In the last years Krapfen with wrong fillings like vanilla sauce, strawberry jam and chocolate sauce started to appear
Several floors are missing
At least by the old people in my village
And we don't say that we partially understand 10 different languages like Swiss German, Luxembourgish, Bavarian, Platt, etc, etc, etc.
Ah okay makes sense
That's interesting
Price and availability of overnight trains for longer distance stuff
But with historic context i can say: what happened then was wrong and austrias reaction was wrong and look what happened after, because some people thought it more important to be the though country and retaliate with so much over the top force to prevent to be seen as weak
Aber ich mein ganz im Ernst, alle anderen hier bekommen es ja wohl hin, auf Englisch zu antworten
People here tend to say St
They are more rowdy than in other countries
There is also "Hard" or "Sateins" ( German TV Station)
You're not helping your case man.
I've seen a video once that said building a dam between gibraltar and morocco to drain the mediterranean and/or build a gigantic hydro-power plant would need more concrete than all of humanity has ever used so far
During the cold war it was kinda cool to have someone to have your back and afterwards starting with Clinton there was a lot of diplomatic capital that got burned
For sure
First Turkey
> I'd like to add Woody Allen's "To Rome with Love", which is a short summary of all stereotypes Americans have on Italy
Sorry
It's the other way around, Germans "closed" their borders to Austria due to human trafficking
Freiberg is nice
What happened in Brazil this week
Me too, by the way
I agree with others that those might be too many countries you want to visit.
(Cursive as in normal "joined writing" mind you, not some special or archaic form; English seems to be peculiar in that it's lacking a proper term for it
We had a cooking class in primary school
I can only speak für the roman catholic church here in austria.
Older buildings also tend to have a Mezzanin a kind of floor between floors, normaly an area in 19th century buildings that was often used for commercial purposes
Telling you that the well being of British citizens is an afterthought over the well-being of EU citizens ?
When the prince comes the next time the witch lets down Rapunzel's hair, and the prince climbs the tower, and is frightened
No one wants the Viennese, we should just throw them away or something.
The event for some reason popped into my head a few weeks ago, and I mentioned it to my friends
You yry to avoid noise, mind your own business and only go to him if you got his delivery/need something trivial like sugar or salt
I probably do in English
We simply don't have that much in common anymore.
Sure, but dresden was bombed to the ground 25.000 people wiped out in a single night!
I was looking for this
I don't like it
Their culture is almost alien to us.
A bsoffene gschiecht
Yes, it was approved in the first of three parliamentary readings
also the members of the SA and NSDAP in the first Republic
Iceland or Norway
Here in Austria we have no problems with roads
Do names count
In fact, if a price is 1,99 or something like that I don't let them keep the 1-cent  out of principle: If a shop wants to trick us with those bs prices, at least they should have the expenses of keepin lots of 1-cent coins at hand
Using international/US based categories for regions with a system that very different results in "bad" prejudices even if the education itself is better
Yes, like the Italian or French anthem
To be honest I'd expect the opposite to happen more often though, that people don't really want to have anything to do with darker skinned people
Gift (correct translation: Geschenk)
My teacher once joked that with that accent I would get beat up by angry and drunk Scotsmen if I ever were to visit some of the more dingy pub's in some parts of England
Trump is definitely portrayed as a controversial figure here.
Did they know it was horse meat
"] The song actually isn't that awful, mind you, especially considering that we've had much much worse ones since then
Some of the damn best recipes ever
[George W. Bush thanked then Australian prime minister John Howard for visiting the Austrian troops in Iraq
Nothing special for Europe Day
There needs to be a hyphen: Österreich**-**Ungarn
I love the language, the general "feeling" of the country, how friendly everyone we talked to was, the landscape, etc
It's the same in German with barber shops
No, wtf
Honestly it's literally everything performed in German
i (short for "ich") which is "I" in English
I think you've hit the nail on the head.
During the time of the Austrian empire they built huge waterpipes from the alps straight into the city
GDP per capita is higher in the former regions of the Allied occupation and lower in the former Soviet occupation zones in eastern Austria
Also american
If stability was ever considered important the US wouldn't try to destabilize Russia on every occasion
Viennese say it starts in the 16th district
That seems only reasonable if it is somehow apparent if a building is occupied in the first place...
Hopefully both
The problem is _leaving_ the EU
And I think Russian is one of the languages of the UN
Yes it is very much expected
Neither of them talked about it and died before I got curious
They have clue
We are more an Alpine skiing country.
I’m a student, my school’s organization for the lockdown as well as the months after was horrible
(German/Slavic)
I agree that we're cultural brothers with the south of germany, but anything beyond isn't.
Exactly
I have a group of people I hang out with, but it would be nice to have some more friends
Watch out: Dividend funds *are not safer than other funds*: don't fall for this misconception.
I'm Austrian so you can imagine the amount of Nazi and Hitler comments I sometimes get online
I vaguely remember them using this saying in an advertisement
watch that number shoot up dramatically once we figure out how to store electricity cheaply and efficiently.
That's how they were able to get into their position.
Well, they bought the place, right?
I also cannot think of any US president (or even US politician period) who was of humble origin
Yes that would truly be evil
>Puntigamer vs
Calling Czechia "Bohemia" is a bit like calling the Netherlands "Holland", or the UK "England".
But the Americans wanted to win the cold war, so they were against it
Electric trams are the norm and nothing special, however just the electricity required when one gets going might raise some eyebrows for engineers.
Grundsätzlich ist keine der beiden Ausdrucksweisen besser oder schlechter.
The number must be astronomical.
An AC Viennese Version would be lovely
it would be interesting to see if you think there is a difference
Good guess
We aren't debating wether huffing asbestos should be allowed in pubs but with cancer sticks It's "MUH FREEDUMB TO SMOKE WITH A BEER
Sorry, but sending your tiny and ill-equipped army to fight against probably the most potent army of its time (certainly the most militarised country) just to get slaughtered by the thousands is a very, very bad idea and in my view a massive crime against all the young men that would've certainly not stood any chances
Also rampant racism and patriotism (especially considering our history).
* sense (Sense = scythe)
That's more the region than anything else.
Basically, yes, but it was a bit more complicated
Except for their core voters, who will vote for them regardless, they took an image hit
I have never seen a check IRL, just knew them from old Columbo movies etc.
Fire and littering as well as disturbing the wildlife are concerns.
Not to say I speak all these languages, but travelling and meeting people helps with basic like "helo", "please" and "thank you". just to be polite
I am not a fan of Iran, but you can't just kill everyone of your enemies, especially since you aren't at war
Mlinci looks fuckin good, might do them for my roasted goose next year instead of dumplings :D
"it happen still signs and wonders", that's nice to hear
* Austria pays a lot of money to the commission
I mean technically Poland was independent, although heavily influenced and controlled by the SU
They know the tax since they charge it at the checkout
With SA-thugs waiting in the polling stations and people filling out the form in front of the officials in order to disperse suspicions of being "against the system" and stuff like that
To me as a German speaking native it is not the same as wanderlust, even though pages try to translate it that way
**Potato/Bread dumplings filled with:**
Was a bit disappointed that the main dev is such an alt-right adjacent cunt though
Go across the street, get into my tram, exit my tram, cross a bridge, done
We always get loincloths
I didn't get to take any attack helicopters on vacation when I was in the military
There are a lot of breathtaking lakes.
Call me a cynic but I don't believe that those numbers are that precise in any case.
That's not what your mother said last night, Trebek
insolvency laws say 7 years and afaik the rules got a lot less stricter for company founders.
How do people not get hungry afterwards
The number of times I have tried to pop outside real quick only to realise that I have no idea where the keys are and that I would have no way of getting out if there was a fire is scary
No, but you may suggest Vienna :D
Outstanding move
Get over here and we'll throw a shrimp on the barbie
Obrigado
Lingonberry jam is acceptable though, and goes fantastic with Schnitzel
Amazing
Austria as a whole has 8 IKEAs, which is more than I thought tbh
What causes the waves
That's a good description, immediately had the smell in my brain
I rarely see dog poop in Vienna but there are building façades crumbling from all the dog pee.
In the shower
[The republics] might comes from its peoples
Flemish is Dutch
I saw the 6 DVD Box of Österreich 1 for 30€ at Thalia ,recently, I didn't hesitate
The thing is, the reactionaries had a bunch of battle-tested armies (bc of wars in Italy, Bohemia), with heavy artillery and some seasoned generals (Windischgrätz, Radetzky), the Ban Jellachic's marauding Croat troops, and the support of most of the Slavic lands *and* the support of Russia (which was a secret tool that would help them later
Washington didn't retreat to a mountain top and came back with stone tablets of the constitution although you sometimes get the impression that that's the way it happened if you talk to Americans.
Austria is also before Germany
Cant wait to visit them in the summer this year
I hate seeing pictures of Italy.
They are preventing people from being misleading, not preventing them from voicing their opinion, as long as they present it as such.
As opposed to new ketchup
So you're saying a fleet of old timey galleons with enough cannons could take Malta
...what's that
Since I live nearby, I like going on walks there
This makes no sense
It's r/austria, but better
So fucking triggered right now.
I have not seen a house built in the last 15 years that doesn't have an automatically locking door
No, it is far more ironical that way.
I couldn't imagine living in the city without a bicycle
i thought it was E pluribus unum
If you had a bad idea, well, we probably had it before
Looots of newspapers
Its perverse that we live in a society that can be so extremely lavish with their most basic supplies
Today, i was searching for tendencially post-factual political discussions.
Will a Doktor be pissed if you don't call him by his title?
And Western Austria probably wouldnt mind getting away from you guys haha...
Of course it is
Not as bad as football, but Icehockey has some pretty hardcore fans
Baggins was translated to Beutlin here (Beutel means bag or sachet)
Interesting that wikipedia only has definitions for specifically English and German - I had assumed a simmilar word existed in the other european languages, but maybe not.
[Kaprun disaster (2000)]
see what they mean
Most of the infantry also ran away; the army comprised Austrians, Serbs, Croats, and Italians from Lombardy, as well as other minorities, many of whom could not understand one another
Do you identify only with your region where you live?
I don't even know where to start...
Stollwerk and Krachmandeln maybe?
Militaries generally don't use reduced propellant either
And even though there are local sights like some old castle or maybe a farmer's market, there's hardly any attractions with the sole purpose of attracting passers-through
I am not the one posting on another continential sub telling people to mind their own business.
Don't have them in Austria, and I would not use them if we did.
Well that is the effect modern media logic has had on politics
It's either that or they are Italic sister languages of Latin who have had heavy Latin influences over two millenia
I'd say they're more than half way there
However, (undergraduate) students are often not employed, so there are also no work hours
A similar thing holds for Victor Orban
But as I said I don't think this represents the average Polish view on this at all.
Nice I like tom scott, i'll check it out, thanks mate
We haven't got much snow in the years prior to that as well, but at least a few times, even if it is gone in a day or two
It was on a very okay-ish level before Kurz got govermental responsibility
As an Austrian I was obviously very lucky as a kid that I was able to talk my own native tongue at school :)
German, of course, is also a great choice if you‘re going to work in Europe, because it‘s still the most spoken first language in Europe, so I‘d definitely keep that up
If you are not _in_ a city you are rural
Each was great and breathtaking but my favourite was probably Horseid since there was no one else around at all
Actually, it's van Go*coughingfit*
Don't forget the all-weather jacket
(It was definitely malicious, not a honest mistake
Then I personally don‘t have one since I don‘t like alcohol and usually just cry in my bed
Literally any Austrian city or town would be more different
Brought back some memories
TIL i am Gypsy
Weirdly, i'm also really curious about the live ones
Like someone else said: it's elvish
Color me surprised
To be fair, the French eat Pepes, so not really a surprise
They seem to offer easy-peasy solutions.
Sein sich fia nix und wieda nix zgschamig.
Russians wanting to be german: don't know much about that, but it could just be people living in russia identifying more with german lifestyle.
America truly is first
Vicky is fun too
I was mindblown when I found out where it comes from a while ago when learning German
Also "Rotes Kracherl" but that's simplt Raspberry lemonade
Yes, in some cases there's a problem, and that's bad, don't get me wrong
To this day many important negotiations are held in vienna, like just recently represantatives of russia and the usa met in vienna to discuss a contract from the cold war which restricts the number of nuclear weapons in these countries
Vatican City actually produces nobody, because their citizenship is neither jus sanguinis nor jus soli but jus officii, so you can't be born a citizen of Vatican.
Only those that you can buy at McDonalds, which are called Wraps, if selfmade in the west of Austria we'd call those things Omelettes.
What people want is a small healthy child to raise as their own.
Funnily enough there's a huge park in Vienna, the famous *Prater*, and there's also a less famous and smaller and less fancy *böhmischer Prater*. Both are actually very beautiful though
[Council of the EU - Video]The EU boosts its defence against hybrid threats
Thanks for sharing this gem of a video
And I don‘t think it‘s a thing in Austria, sure everything is christmas themed, but it usually isn‘t a traditional or national thing
Krautsalat is wonderful and tasty, but Sauerkraut tastes like unwashed moldy socks
Norwegian is quite nice actually but has imo the same problem as many sequels in movies
You may have noticed that I asked a question indicating that I know that I don't know much about that subject in particular.
"kleindeutsche Lösung" and the year 1848
[Die Mayerhofner - Schei wi dei wi du wi dei]
Luckily the balcony door was open
But that's not them turning to authoritarian policies
but that doesn't make us giddy and loud and *excited*, I guess
I have definitely seen some in Vienna.
>This one isn't so much a lobby putsch
" which was misheard by soldiers with no knowledge of German as "Allah
Not driving people includes too young, too old, too fat, and/or (other) medical conditions
When I’m writing a long text, it sometimes happens that I can’t remember a word in my native tongue but I know what I want to say in English, so I have to translate the English word into my own language
as Russia
Tschick
I am sad that they seem to exist
At least where I live most people don't give a fuck
This seems somehow familiar, i dont know why though
yeah it's more a legend (but I want to believe...)
There's only two different levels of rape that have to be considered by the court.
Austria at this time was part of the Bavarian duchy and Ostarrichi certainly was the most Eastern part of Bavarian controlled land
The funny thing is, there are a lot germans with let's say rather "right-of-center ideology" in parts of eastern germany
Edit: On TV
: We say Ananas as well
Author explanation of that map:
Well, it is an ongoing problem in some parts of Europe, especially in France
I wouldn‘t change it much, just make the eagle mandatory
Calamari fritti is one of my childhood memories from vacations in italy
It's hard to choose if you have 1 city and else only villages of various sizes
Czech – Víden
But back to your original question:
They are kinda the same in some ways and kinda not.
glad you asked, I also just thought about that
Yeah
Other than being the descendants of horseback tribes they have nearly nothing in common.
guess I don't have to ask where you live
"Looks just like his daddy." - "Well, at least he's healthy."
I'd guess the ["Ibiza affair"] when a video of our then vice chancellor was leaked where he was drunk, in a tank top, on a Finca in Ibiza, trying to sell Austrian water and our largest newspaper to a faux niece of a russian oligarch
For some reason, a lot of German cities have really funny names
One man's very welcome comic relief is another man's super insensitive boundary stomp
Absolutely nobody is arguing that Mozart was born in the Archduchy of Austria
When they realized what I was getting at her husband laughed
Stop living in shit houses then
It's the eastern most state and was part of Hungary until 1920/21
000(!) Euros for someone to establish a ring of protection around the hospital to protect it from "Bad Energy". Yep high government officials regularly pay for esoteric things with public money
It stayed popular throughout the nordics.
Because the EU doesnt care about legitimacy it cares about her interests
€ 150,-
When watching it I only subconsciously thought "huh, that sounded weird for some reason" and it wasn't until I read reddit about the episode a while later that I realized it's in german
And yes
They said I sounded like a posh English kid from Cambridge
It seems to me like OP has spent a bit too much time in the incel subs, especially as there doesn't need to be a woman for every man
Salzburg: tourism, culture
Sure the EU changed things a little bit.
I looked it up, around 1600 Prague had ~60
Personally, I can understand it about as easily as an Alemannic dialect (Swiss or whatever), which is to say: I have to concentrate, but it's not all too different
Also, a tiny plaque mentioning the extremely late voting rights for women in a room supposed to show how progressive Switzerland is
Von da kommt Gmunden
If you deposit money in a bank, you are likely not part of the "rich people"...
The „Supreme Court“ - OGH, Oberster Gerichtshof
They've got a very large Portuguese community in Switzerland though
Alternatively you can read Werther by Göthe, it is said to also have had this effect.
Pretty dumb)
Besides major publishers, for example the Austrian Association of bookshops and the Association of Newspapers
Damn even our Jews hated on Eastern Jews
> the balls on a Jesus relief
Pity you don’t do then:) Maybe we should also add it’s also a Family Background thing: I grew up with a mom who was food-concerned and cooked meals for us everyday and the big family gatherings, like at Christmas, were and are joyfully full of great homecooked treats
etc
We'd play a lot of football/soccer.
I'm not OP, but when Austrians say "Rotes Wien" (Red Vienna) it refers to Vienna being very social-democratic.
austria had the lead of several countries from prussia to italy, from spain to romania when the hre still was a thing
Ah a Hawara vo Kuitur
That's likely different in tyrol
I'm to long out of touch with the scene but the classics still are the name of children and band logos.
(Technically, it would have been an error.)
as others have said, it's inevitable.
When exploring (whether it's the surroundings or another country), public transport is inadequate
It's forbidden to "make alcohol available" to kids under the age
[r/Austria insider]
Which part of Germany
Im sweden, slovenia, croatia and albania combined
Can also be seen in our [CoA]
What most people don't know is that Austrian banks have the largest share among foreign banks in Eastern Europe (Raiffeisenbank, Bank Austria, Erste Bank, Volksbank,...).
Actually more people voted this time
Can only yell when drunk and only use words from the profanity filter.
I usually root for Germany if Austria is knocked out
I don't think anyone does it illegally anymore
Plus most of the other things from German-speaking countries mentioned here
Not a chance
There's a weekly exchange between both their post companies
Er ist in Österreich geboren, aber beging seine Verbrechen gegen die Menschheit als deutscher Staatsbürger
"Sie werden sich noch wundern was Innsbruck alles kann."
Don't think that's common
The reform took place longer than 6 years ago.
But when learning a language you want to avoid sounding like you're reading from a book
City-like
Plain grean salad with vinaigrette *is* savoury
To the hip hip hop-a you don't stop the rock,
That was just what he said to the police.
Some women have a problem with discharge, especially pregnant ones
Every year we would have done a trip the teachers were on strike
I don't know, I'm hardly ever in Linz
And I don‘t think the Styrian dialect will fade _that_ easily (but I have noticed that Upper and Lower Austrian dialects slowly (kinda) fade)
> CADENAS LUI EN HAUT ! PEUX PAS SOUCHE LE LE STYLO !
I have friends who live in Boston and New York and their places are tiny compared to what I have in Vienna and I would pay about 1/4th of what they pay if I would rent
Take the Hofburg in Vienna for example
It's got a lot to do with our topography, being separated by mountains influences speech and other parts of our culture a lot
Americans tended to name cities after the places they came from, sometimes even entire countries
In Austria pancakes are called Palatschinken and the donut without a hole is a Krapfen
True, but if two countries, for example Pakistan and India, go into war without nukes, and one of them started losing, launching nukes would seem like a pretty good option for the losing side.
Yes
But I'd like to know who votes for macron in round one, sends him to round two and then says "well, I'm gonna vote for Le Pen now.
with education come questions...
I love snow and I have a little child - that its not snowing breaks my heart
Depends on the number of people
If you go by that Mozart is actually German
In Austrian schools we learned that this is part of the child development phases (may be an outdated concept nowadays, not sure)
Why not find out
Never forget who first ended democracy in Austria
But, even though the moves they take on the geo-political chessboard are inacceptable, they are still understandable from a wider perspective.
The pronounciation and spelling is pure chaos
I think it has something to do with convenience, sometimes the English expression is just so much simpler than the German one (big surprise, i know) that i tend to use it more, simply out of laziness
There's no y/i at the end
Plot twist even the dictatorship was right wing it was very clerical and hated the Nazis, even got Mussolini alliance at first to guarantee Austrian independence
A cat chasing a squirrel isn't that uncommon
Giving up Lisbon automatically means leaving the EEA.
Of course there are also quite some differences, but looking at other central american countries in comparison, CR really stands out
True
And then there are [461 Naturschutzgebiete] which are administrated by the federal states, so are probably an equivalent to a "state park"
For Austria: the chancellorship of Bruno Kreisky.
Unopened
You tried to explain to her to not have prejudices with the most prejudice example you could come up with ?
You can spot them because they're wearing sandals with socks and carry a towel everywhere
*Bundespräsidentenwahlanfechtungswiederholungsverschiebungsverordnung*
Mostly 1934-1945 for the hardcore nationalists
My Grandfather fought in Stalingrad, got wounded six times before they sent him home
>14 hour flight
Well, his version of Germany died with him sooo
And you know
E.g. I just looked up lots of stuff on wikipedia when I was a teen, but maybe I just was really dorky
Senner
[Die Mayerhofner - Schei wi dei wi du wi dei]
this still isn't really a topic that is talked about intensively in schools (probably partly because the successor party of the austrofacists still is the most powerful in the country)
- When a prostitute offers "französisch" as an extra service, that does not mean there's going to be language classes, but rather sex without a condom
It's not so much a set rule, but just convention
Paper id's (aka internal passport) were issued locally and are easily forged.
Nothing in particular to be honest, except for one thing, I keep mixing up T - d and p - b.
I commented on it [above] but I think over here it's actually -3 charisma
Such cafeterias as OP asks about are places in the city where you get a menu for a few euro, usually frequented by students and people on their lunch break (or typically single men who want a warm dinner without cooking themselves)
History is not as set in stone as you would think it to be
I'd say your special dumplings are those bohemian dumplings that get served to svickova
But that is pure compassion, so that they are least somehow funny
Once I found a dollar bill on the street in Vienna.
Any hub direct flight has that issue.
So what's the point in writing in dialect if you can't tell properly anyway because this alphabet can only convey so much
Teabags are very, very common
Damn right
Are they going on a sunday
I think its a colorized black and white picture
Right next to my parents on holiday.
Corona could be better and we had some embarrassing (goverment) IT projects lately
Who do thou yinkst thou art
Not popular at all
Also your bike should be conform to road safety regulations because police is checking a lot of bikers in Vienna
Well, I'm coming from Montenegro, and there you can't do anything with Psychology even if you had a PhD, and not just Master's degree.
Und dass der Anschluss nunmal keineswegs eine feindliche Übernahme war, sondern für die meisten Österreicher ein Freudenereignis
I know several Turks in Austria and Germany, including my sister-in-law who is an engineer, and they all appreciate our countries and culture
But the constant memes about "actually austria started both world wars because hitler was born in austria" are still incredibly annoying
I go there almost every year and it's always a nice experience.
I’m only in my twenties, but even I can definitely feel in shift in climate over here, and it’s not just this year
The only right they don’t and can’t have is to live in Hungary right where they are
He didn't understand why so many people had a problem with that wording
In the case of Salazar however there is a stark absence of evidence for corruption linked to him
Balkan love triangle (it's complicated)
Love it
Beware though that sometimes KFC has meh days
2016 did not let me down in this, thank God
I think he personally would not do it but I doubt he would veto it.
I don't know why it started, I don't know who won or why it ended and I don't know which countries were involved
His sick wife was left behind and had to do all the hard farm work on her own
I can only offer you the frontpage of the biggest Austrian newspaper.
That war ruined the US for a lot of people.
For most other countries in Europe I can easily think of one or even multiple signature dishes that are both delicious and somewhat unique
As a masochistic epileptic I think that's very discriminating
Well my friends get a little amused when I say things that only exist in Standard German
Now a reasonable person would say if I buy a music CD I pay a bit more and that is to cover that
Lupin (fr) is also really good
Lets see how much these countries love it without german cars, engineering and other stuff
# Rainhard Fendrich - I am from Austria
It is perfectly healthy and also contains important minerals
, to "punish" people who didn't buy their book
It's just a really beautiful language and I also enjoy visiting the different countrie there
The Heurigen are still a thing though, but their main purpose was never to feed people, but to provide snacks to go along with the new wine (=Heuriger)
I was quite surprised to learn that not every country does it
Also the political culture and freedom of the press are basically nonexistent in China
They don't care as long as you're looking "Austrian".
I don‘t want to argue over the importance of the EU again, those discussions are always frustrating
> Ostösterreich in dieser Definition umfasst 28,091 % der Fläche Österreichs (23
Well, nobody invited you back then.
Then Hitler
*ducks*
The chinese are building roads, the African Union HQ, the first electrical train in Subsahara africa and so on.
And, for eccentric reasons, Richard Lugner
It was to prove that they were better than Napoleon, with their mechanised Infantry and everything
Anyway, it reminds me that Vienna was bombed more than other cities and I sometimes try to connect this thought with the stories my grandparents tell about that time
But I also got to know a bunch of good ones there
I never understood why the Turkish are so stubbornly denying the Armenian genocide
they also made the longest cable car in the world in Phu Quoc if I am not mistaken
I just learned it has a bit more than 50k inhabitants, but it has that nice small-town feel to it, as well as the Danube at just the right size, and relaxed and friendly people.
Linz is very close to the Bohemian massif (which begins beyond the Danube, but also reaches south of the Danube in the Kürnberger Wald in Leonding)
My great-grandfather was drafted and stationed somewhere in Yugoslavia
I really don't care
Bukkakke-Krapfen
I actually never did that
Hes first and foremost a Machtmensch with no greater ambition than maintaining power
Spending a whole day in a train can be nice, but it gets less and less exciting very fast if it essentially means that your 2 week holiday lasts only 12 days
Probably depends on the country and if you just want to be a teaching assistant or a full teacher.
Until today, Falco is probably the most known austrian singer, so I guess ["Vienna Calling"] or ["Rock me Amadeus"] would probably fit here
We're very spoiled with public transport where I live
[Save your internet
Now they improved the signs, it is color coded in green and says "Ruhebereich", something you really cannot unsee
Yeah, but you don't give up on democracy in your country because some politicians voted for a shit law
I only know of them from US tv shows and movies
not sure about Slovakia but about those I do know is that a lot workers commute to Austria for construction jobs and other work
I don't mind
Yes, I'm from a military family so I grew up around guns.
In Austria we call that being Catholic
The silver is from me
But I agree, probably Hitler has something to do with it
If you are for instance a Democratic voter in Texas, there's no point in voting for a president, since Texas is going to have a Republican majority anyways, which means that all electoral college votes go to the state's victor.
Also the food quality seems to be better in Austria
Most of them are tbh
in Austria you can get a €10.000 fine for it
Both are unwanted
As a life-long Wiener I learned a lot from your post, thank you
According to my gf this is very similar in the Basque country
Probably not 100% all (as it would just take a single case to disprove this), but definitely not like in the US of A who have a huge amount of unregistered illegals.
Also, they just dubbed the English parts, but not the French ones
Estoy ciego = I am way too drunk ("blind")
Being of the Czech nation in an age before narionalism meant very little - especially in the framework of the multiple personal unions of the Habsburgs
I googled it out of curiosity because of this post and found this text
Members are usually citizens of their home country too, not only of the order alone
I have only experiences in Germanic and Romance languages so it would be cool to explore something completely new for me.
Felt horrible afterwards but it was fun :)
They are also able to form coherent sentences, remember things, read, keep their attention up for more than a few minutes,...
They have always been a cesspool of corruption and they fail to distance themselves from right-wing-extremist groups
He's unable to form a whole sentence in Spanish though
That's the results I got, when I googled for origins of the listed words above
We have the same problem with the Brenner Basistunnel
yes, you are right, the exact law text is "Vorderschaftrepetier-Flinte" and "Flinte" is a shotgun.
Both places also share some history, since Romania was part of the Austro-Hungarian Empire
One of the things the country is built on
A bit of „salt“ looks really good though
>which is why almost all armies reserve them for specialist units, and use semi automatic rifles with reduced propellant, called "assault rifles".
And I didn't even speak how I normally would, I moderated myself after seeing his clueless face.
That is because, to you, those are seperate countries.
Guns
[Margarete Schütte-Lihotzky] - inventor of the "Frankfurt Kitchen" - the first sensibly designed kitchen and other furniture for comfortable living in small spaces.
Some were imprisoned and so on, but Denazification was a lot better in Germany
Those are user generated internet dictionaries
Follow up question: Is Scots spelling standardized?
Definitely
I don't think I've ever seen an ugly city in Austria besides Linz
We recycle average 63% of our waste, highest percentage in Europe I believe
It's really good though
I've one too, I love the Coffee from it and could simply Put in the wood stove If it's currently burning
I wonder if the article even is correct in calling it "marriage".
I don’t exclude moving back, but I would rather try another European country in the near future before that
It doesn't include Norway or Switzerland.
I didn't mean the "Babyklappe", which is also good to prevent acts of desperation.
Oe just discrimlnatory over all
Like ... even those places that show up on far-out zoom levels ... you go in and it's like three hovels cowering together
The tallest building in Vienna is the [DC Tower] It's 220m high, and located across the Danube, outside the city center, which is great because nobody wants those glass-monsters ruining the historic parts of town.
(The village has 300 people)
>So basically they would create the problem and then use it as a strawman
Maybe intentional to get as many languages as possible.
Was pretty prominent in the news Austria
(Though I think its also taken as "Eastern Empire/Empire in the East" on occasion
And be sure to ask to speak German if you ever want to train with native speakers
In which part do you live
Since 1918 it is forbidden to use a title of nobility in Austria
We learn both Austrian Standard German and German Standard German in school
This is Austria, good sir
I'm actually just shocked that Austria is selling any waste to someone else, while we ourselves are buying it from Italy for Energy/Heat production
This motivates their own voters as well as everyone who wants to prevent it
I really like his license plate design
000): Industrial city, many joke about that it's a steel-factory with houses built around it
I, a citizen of Vienna, can only endorse the stuff about Vienna
For example:
Moscow is a place I want to visit and don‘t want to visit at the same time
I comprised myself one including 1984, Fahrenheit 451, Brave New World and wrote my final essay on SciFi dystopias
- a little bit of Egypt
I grew up in Aschaffenburg and there walking through the city at night was no issue at all
Ordering Windows that are not like that will probably be more expensive because they don't make it otherwise (if they accept such requests at all)
And he is actually still successful
I didn't even know there was that many
This happened **without** the official directive of the Nazi party, Austrians (Nazis, Anti-semites, thugs, regular people) did that all by themselves
It would be great if you could help him finish his research study!
I think Saturn or Apple offer them on a regular basis.
1219-1370 is around 150 years
Look at him/her using "Erdapfel" for other potato products besides Erdapfelsalat (potato salad) and Erdapfelpüree (mashed potatoes)
I cannot
Some do, but no one should
I wanna buy a bed in a specific colour and a specific size
Also, it's not even true
Talking about the Austro-Fascist dictatorship under Dollfuß and Schuschnigg that preceded the Nazi-regime, is definitely more touchy
Who are also all Mexicans of course, but wearing txapelas, and for some reason they can't cook (which for a Basque must be very insulting)
Da tirola dialekt moc t and tirola zum tirola, da steirische an steira zum steira, da fränkische an fronkn zum fronkn,...
As multiethnicity is a basic reality and a basic necessity of modern societies, acceptance of other ethnicities is needed for a modern society to funtion
There are also a few alongside the border with Czechia, though some of them had their czech opposite become ghost towns after WW2
A lot of grass will be burned,a lot of suffering
Cause they don’t get some ?
Curious: Is this popular with a majority of the people?
and as europeans i don’t think we can quite imagine how bad it is, because we are so used to accessible high quality health care
Yes that one
Glückwunsch brudi hier isses eh besser als in amerika
Not to English but to Spanish
I am wearing snakebites since 16 and i always showed it on mine
Kaisergruft
There's a plan to move more institutions away from Vienna, but currently only 5 (National Environmental Office in Klosterneuburg, National Office for Water Management in Scharfling, the Austrian National Forestry in Purkersdorf, the National Office for Viniculture in Eisenstadt and the National Center for Language Competence) of 68 National Institutions are not in the capital, and 2 of those are in suburbs
Habe die Ehre
I scheiß sowas auf di und des wiad da zvü sei.
Almost only about the nsdap, the holocaust and the Anschluss
There will be attacks for sure, question is if they'll only be against US/British/Israeli/Saudi government targets or against the civilian public as well
As a Canadian, you can get a 3 month tourist visa on arrival, which would be enough time for a first time experience.
Apperantly it's how much land a farmer can work in one "jutro", so it's really variable and depends on the farmer :
unless you drink diluted ethanol
The SocDem parties that did fared rather well like in Portugal and Labour in GB before the whole Brexit debacle
:-O
Or Turks and Greeks
You sound much more like 1 of those butt hurt democrat supporters who didn't get their way.
This coalition is, in my opinion, a good compromise between the conservative majority in the country and the more progressive parts of society
Recently somebody told me that they're naming their son Cornelius
Meanwhile, the Washington Post has Erdogan write articles for them, praising his actions
Living: Probably Schwarzenegger.
[Edit: yeah, one of the later ones]
Yes
In the German version, it was all changed to Dutch instead
served with mustard and/or kechup in the bagettue.
Although technically both get beat by Italy/Vatican.
Funny that you say that, in Austrian german it's the opposite way.
don't worry, we'll get switzerland to be part of the EU, one way or another..
You're either oversensitive or my wording might have been bad, but I didn't want to imply anything like that
No wonder they are getting paid less.
And in the background we can see what remains of the snowy Alps ...
I can celebrate that any day of the week!
Also, two of my friends had huuuge model train setup, which was cool
I said that I suspect they increase your normal income tax.
Now back to topic lol - Division in Austria - I know that my part was inhabited by the brits
> We are at the forefront of Europe in cocaine use
Dora la Exploradora teaches English to Castillian Spanish-speaking kids
I really like the Irish dialect though, especially with phrases using terms from Gaellic like "what's the craic"!
We were at the "S-Bahn" station and a teacher lost his second trousers on the tracks
Thumbs up for lappa
If you order one in germany more often then not it is made out of pork (in austria you would then serve it under the name "schnitzel wiener art" (schnitzel the viennese way))
Well I wouldn't. Maybe it's a regional thing
I know many Italians feel superior because of their style, but it's just too *Italian*. It's too flashy and cocky
Ukraine is doable on a good day and well beating Makedonia is a necessity to advance
The reason those countries are excluded from the ESTA program is that they have a higher then 3% Visa refusal rate - mostly due to the risk of overstaying in the US (so basisally the risk of illegal immigration)
If asked by police or something, you do not need to have ID if you're a citizen, they'd just look you up in some national database
Thank you france
this motherfucker winks at your girlfriend in the saloon
Luxembourgish sounds like a quirky German dialect
More proper would be "Es ist mir eine Ehre ..." and then the other person can reply "Die Ehre ist ganz meinerseits
Thanks
It's part of using the whole animals and all
I just love how it sounds, although it's a little bit weird
It was all a sham
I think it was the hottest summer after 2003 in the recorded history of Austria.
And some federal states have more main dialects (eg Styria has normal Styrian, Altsteirisch (Old-sytrian) and Stursteirisch (a very weird form of styrian that‘s well known but not widely understood))
I think in Austria it's pretty much the same as in Germany.
I don't know about Norwegian but in German you have 2 words for "you". Du (for friends, family, people that offer you to say "du") and Sie (teachers, bosses, doctors, strangers)
so are austrias different states.
That's because you grow up with it and get accustomed to it and it just makes sense to you.
If you have a religion that kills tou for denouncing the faith and seeing itself above everything else though that is a big problem.
The Netherlands
And I'd feel so bad if I couldn't do it by hand at least somewhat legibly, and efficiently for more than half a sentence
Both exist
our very christian christmas, with that very christian santa claus!!!
German beer is not that bad...but 25c deposit for all bottles and cans sucks...
It surely has downsides, but on the other hand I think it's also nice because you can get out of the city and have a lot of nature
Agree, Dubai was a terrible visit
In any case, revisiting and reviewing habits one might have "learned" as a toddler might be in order if you are figuratively burning through toilet paper (in the literal case get a smoke alarm in addition to having a talk)
The really "stylish" Austrians always end up looking like what Berliner hipsters looked like 3 years ago
So they say it's good luck for girls to get whipped
People handing you their kids to take pictures with, waiters at restaurants serving you before anybody else, and in general people treating you like an "achiever" just because of the color of your skin.
Counties nobody cares about: nö, oö
Bring the other statues to London too
But the worst was definitely that our army didn't fight the Wehrmacht in 1938 when they invaded Austria.
Kinda threw off one of their politicians when he posted something against it on facebook and his supporters trashed him in the comments.
We already have the best languages.
use protection pls
I will never fully understand how that old house works
for germans: thats 4,3 Merkels
It was my first time exploring a Vulcano
[St Stephens Cathedral 1945] \- whole album on[this site upper right] corner has an awesome [new roof now]
Sort of, the head quarters are nearby but fairly certain the actual manufacturing facility is in Switerzland due to tax benefits..
but overall the administration of the EU is rather sleek
I think Gus' actor is Italian
There's also a huge workshop of the federal theaters there, where they produce big stage set pieces, and they have rehearsal stages there
also not good
I'm pretty sure there are many FPÖ voters who wouldn't mind that, yes
Who did we vote for -> European Parliament
They do the same thing with the baltic countries and then when you talk to some people they answer "Nato Propaganda".
So on this day we walked about 20km while doing a lot of sightseeing.
In theory it's still open, this is just the first projection at about 60% of votes counted, without postal ballots
> cool username
I don‘t know if it was actually for that day, but I do know that it was around christmas or at least the holidays
On the one hand I find it interesting to see how, ever more quickly, Turkey turns into a dictatorship.
I noticed not many languages have that
Always works, and their faces make my day
This motivates their own voters as well as everyone who wants to prevent it
This guy completely lost control over the country and such person can never invite foreign forces.
Weird, I've a gmx account, too, and don't get the newsletter ... can you tag it as spam or something
It's relevant for accumulating ("thesaurierende") ETFs (i.e.
I cannot even stand the smell
How else will they makr the new soylent greens beer
"Tew tayke back cuntrole", obviously.
Ya'll ever heard of World War 1
They manage fine doing this by themselves.
Norwegian:  About the same
Last time I checked the B-VG our first article was:
Afrikaans on the other hand seems way harder than Dutch
Several floors are missing
But I can imagine my country being ruled by the Habsburg monarchy easily for whatever reason, and war is a given for me during that time
But People from western Austria do understand swiss people.
how about *houmor*
And for the unreal case it would
>I realize I apparently have a strong aversion against those two cities
My first thought was an assassins creed before WW1 that ends in sarajevo with killing Franz Ferdinand, because honestly there are way to many games about Hitler and WW2 already
I think comedies with to much Austrian reference and a very own humour like Muttertag would be impossible.
You can‘t compare Austria, were every road in the valley or flatlands will be free of snow in a matter of hours to Finland, were even the highways will be packed with snow for months
ImmEverybody in here should know him
[nah]
Flemish is a closely related dialect of Dutch, Afrikaans is a colonial variation of Dutch, and AFAIK relatively intellegible
And by not having to pay an employee they probably still make money on this, even though some people might just take water without paying for it
Stephens stickers
Get a haircut you hippie
Originally taken from the Avars by Karl the Great, the *[Marcha orientalis] was part of the [Duchy of Bavaria] (itself part of the Frankish empire ruled by Carolingian and Merovingian dynasties, and later part of the HRE)
best things I ever ate when in greece
It‘s so nice there and overall really great
or hiding your face/identity in public, like in the swiss case) then you can't just let that fly with saying 'let them practice whatever culture they want'.
It's very common in online shops.
Send help
It's far easier to be a huge country and being a huge producer, but that doesn't necessarily say they are the most industrious in that endavour
I always wondered about this, and this thinking does not only exist in the US - if anything I will think more of you if you obtained a good phone for minimum price and didn't throw it all out for sleek design
University: University ID (issued by the university)
So little has changed, you can even see that one asshole who built his house right outside in the greenfield.
>But the accent key software implementation is a mac thing as far as I know
hey psh wales, wanna have some independence?
And other than that, I just like (Austrian-)German itself because you can always make up new words by just taking other words and sticking them together
Time to take back Hungary so we can also have seperatist movements
It‘s a very beautiful city for skiing holiday and around here also very popular for that exact reason
Edit: I agree on the corruption problem though
However you yourself are still only Austrian.
I actually don't even know which university has the best reputation for my studies
Good riddance
Austrian here, hes name is Alexander Van der Bellen and he is boss of the fraction who is green and they dont use cars
Obviously they only visit you if you indicate that you would liked to be visited
It is part of some Austrian literature and depends heavily on the German teacher
Holy shit, we invented the polio virus
(Deleted old account)
Went sledding just yesterday
Those are facts, not accusations
It's a cool story
Viennas water is mostly mountain spring water
The real news and what their supporters are doing are so much more funnier than those comics.
that werent native speakers of german and I talked german with were people from Latin America that went to German Schools ( Like American Schools).
no, Vorarlberg is one of the wealthier and most beautiful areas
There's also butter probably, and milk
I hope Turkey is never accepted into the EU, at least not with the current government.
Last I checked, Czechia is east of Germany.
sadly the problems nowadays are mostly refugees stabbing each other
Just wondering, because there might be a misconception in Eastern Austria
So, what's the problem
The other doesn't ( only if you put in extra work and do a night-matura or go to a higher vocational school)
Swiss guy #1: "ey, did anyone write down how we got our freedom from the Habsburgs
I don't remember which card and how it's special effect was exactly but it was something like "if this is the only bug type card its Attack becomes 1000". We read it as "its Attack increases by 1000". The base attack of the card was 2000 so by our rules the monster's attack was 3000 if it was the only bug type card on the field
Which technically is different than how it would've been used a century ago (where the preposition "to" would often be omitted, also it would never appear at the end of a sentence as that was considered poor grammar)
is it genetic, a certain style of makeup, or something stemming from windy/sunny climate
I may be wrong, but I don't think anyone refers to scotch tape as duct tape
I am decent in German and can hold a conversation without much problem, but it’s really hard for me to be funny or to understand jokes
cringe
It's called statistics
2050 is too late
stopp posting stuff like OE24
Salzburg: Mozart, very snobby, best Austrian football club, expensive
Yugoslavia is often counted as part of the Eastern bloc and thus allocated to Eastern Europe (especially in the Anglo American context iirc)
Of course it is entirely separated.
Still, that the HRE is not the same as Germany
Austrian here
In my dialect of German we basically only use 2 tenses so that's definitely still hard for me.
The room with the books with all the names of the people who died there
But if you use violence to force someone clearly against their will it's just amps the punishment up.
Freedom for Livonia
Cannot speak for Liezen though
I like this one: *leben wie Gott in Frankreich* -> live like god in France.
like someone who has to do all the work
Except the skiing resorts whole Styria isn't that common with international tourists.
I had to pay for that
poor horses
There surely is a difference in their skin colour, their native language and yuuuge differences in their favourite type of pizza.
A friend of mine said the central heating/boiler room of the asylum he worked for was always creepy
Then you are lucky
Sorry for the confusion
I can relate to that
You are absolutely right, gun culture is definitely very different between Europe and the US.
Agendas such as "we need to stop the russian bear" while we were the ones who poked the bear knowingly.
besides that 30years war ( I know it was the holy roman empire at the time but Habsburgers were ruling
Boccherini's Minuet
On the countryside it's not like that
No there are a lot who really hate him, like many of the old party members who resigned or [this old lady] Nevertheless these people still vote, because they see it as the vote for the party not the person, and since they see all the opposition as even worse
It's not very popular because of A) envy (why should someone get to have 2 citizenships and vote in 2 countries while I can't?) & B) right wing parties fear mongering that Turkish/Arabic citizens infiltrate the society and change the country into a caliphate or something like that
Science problem 2: Malicious textbook authors
3) Please don't
**„example“**
You shouldn't lower your expectations just because there's noone around to fulfill them yet.
;-)
Ulaanbataar's Stalinist Brutalism architecture is famous
Do people not have sharp knifes
Hahahahahahaha
Spain basically suffered from success
also makes sense to force people to update their knowledge on driving techniques and new laws, 40 years of "that's how I've learned it and how I've always done it" are another problem that needs to be fixed probably better sooner than later
Same here in Austria
Lots of people smoke, everyhwere.
Don't know what to say I have a considerably younger sister and she speaks way more "high" German than me
I'm know that's not what it means, but here if you said that it would translate to 'you hobo, you freeze'.
Years ago people wrote gn8 for "Gute Nacht" or just n8 but it somehow got out of fashion.
Should CNN articles that call Trump racist be taken down?
correct me if i'm wrong, but Finland is not actually part of scandinavia
Salzburg - directly translated it means "Salt Castle", the name stems from the salt trading and manufacturing in the region
And it doesn't strike you as naive to think that most refugees have that?
Austria of course being the very clear #1 in both cases (370 wins for the women, 490 for the men)
Beuschl (a stew made from innards) is absolutely vile
I had no idea
There are too many dialects
The regular-Josef supporters: most probably became Nazis, otherwise arranged themselves with the new regime, or just shut up about it
The city of Vienna paid 95
We should simply Anschluss Bavaria and found an Austro-Bavarian Empire.
Like dinner dates in separate restaurants
Firefighters quite rarely fight actual fires to begin with.
but the symbol of the corn flower is still not related to national socialism.
at or something, even if it goes to some gmail account in the brackground
Cause I guess that’s what you mean with the claim
see what they mean
There is a lot more stuff to do in Salzburg that are way better experiences
Well, the "Proporz" is really a very typical Austrian thing
If anybody who likes them reads this: Why
People on the internet always say that it is half English and half German but in fact it's much closer to German.
Aptly named
The general limit is 130km/h, but there're some parts of the Autobahn where you can drive 140km/h.
> Why
than the powerfull had excess to the goods in the west.
Dude, fasten your seatbelt: [
My aunt told me scary stories about it about it when I was 5 or so, which then I told my best friend, while I was sleeping at his place
And don‘t forget to drink water
If you learn German as a secondary language, you will probably learn a standard Germany German
Oh God I hate this language
Sorry for being a bit of a dick and posting an irrelevant comment but did nobody notice the statistic is only a prediction from '16 on?
The original Thai variant is much more like a syrup than soft drink.
Especially because Russia proved to be an everlooming hate figure
It's going on since SOPA in
Our election campaigns are mainly about domestic issues, and about the EU.
How much did it cost to do this
Here it is the same
(And many others too)
Only on public buildings, if
Now if you would dress up as hitler, go to a party and joke around, i think many people would not find it funny.
(Was always a unpolitical man and hated the nazis from the beginning)
It also leads to little more than a round of self congratulating circlejerking as it is the worst possible way to communicate with people that hold other opinions.
What I noticed in the UK as Austrian is that the UK seems to lack in the whole grain bread department
Some fundamentalist Middle Eastern terror groups.
The only thing they do is to give then working material for the next weeks and then the school is closed for everyone
Or Turks and other Turks
reachable by train, but might take the whole weekend.
So that might have had to do something with it
No no it's not a false cognate
And Here in lower austria we got nothing ;(
Stephen's in Vienna burned down, but man, not by much
I think it's just my specific Austrian dialect though, afaik
0°C at 2500m feels like - 5°C at 250m
However, I had one friend who worked for an American company in Vienna for 3 years and *didn't* learn German.
If you count neighbors as the guys to left and right of you:
Residents do get free pornhub subscriptions though
True, but also kind of missleading since the valleys are packed and the rest of the alps isn't really inhabitable.
*Maybe* it was used like the [Bundesdienstflagge] is used today, but that is speculation on my part
Thanks (not the countries, but actually the people) to all those women (99% *are* women) from the east – especially Slovakia and Romania – who come here and take care of our old people, 24/7 for weeks en bloc, for shitty pay, under shitty (pseudo self-employed) conditions, with no labor organization backing them, in a strange country with a strange language and strange laws, far away from family and home, and enduring chicaneries of a xenophobic and neoliberal government
I can't even hear the differences between all the different "cz" sounds let alone all the nasal sounds which are quite difficult.
As an 8yr old my mom used to send me to get cigarettes and there never was an issue, they always sold them to me
Wait, that's illegal
And then he proceeded to tell my mother that her food was too heavy, and asked me why I was not fat at the end of dinner
I know but no one in Austria (and to a lesser extent Germany) calls these languages by their official name
It has since then always been a part of Austria in some kind, be it as official flag or as part of the Habsburg coat of arms
Let's start with ZKW, they produce LED and matrix lighting, especially for BMW for example
(iirc)
Having better things to do has nothing to do with being important
Downvoted
1) Wash and throughly dry the apricots
not so much
Well, as I said, same goes for Thuringia and Cologne, as far as my experience goes :)
Ukraine will eventually become a EU member
I'm 26
Haven't seen germany and Poland be the same colour on a map for a while
also not good
Was supposed to be there for Rampage
Tbf most German dialects and Luxembourgish are pretty much mutually intelligbile, right
English is too
And in the private sector gmail and hotmail are like 45:45 in my area
It’s common even for high ranking politicians to use public transport in Austria
Weird flex but ok
A Flemish and a Dutch guy once taught me some alternate meanings, especially in curse words, which of course were the most important differences to them :D
Wouldn't make much sense in German, for the same reason most people here already stated
Wikipedia wieda amal faktisch unschlagbar lol
How cute
* -> Marie Antoinette
Sorry I don't understand what you saying
Guten Tag is a socialist thing and basically not used outside Vienna in Austria.
"Feinschnitt"
Vienna
That's the reason why the national color is the color of Trumps skin
If you are in Vienna and you wanna go to a concert or the opera, don't by tickets from those guys running around dressed up like Mozart, in a baroque red jacket
It's one of the reasons Empress Maria Theresia is so well loved in Austria to this day
How do you answer the phone
Also was weiß ich
Triggering Brexit means invoking article 50.
Thus German scholars often call the pharaoh Akhenaten Echnaton instead
Karl from habsburg: haters gona hate
Apartment wise: - new built: a 60-70m2 two bedroom modern apartment with a garage spot and balcony/garden
I think *they* have arrived
I don't see my culture as something Germanic/Baviarian but the product of centuries of intermingling and coexistence of Slavic and Germanic culture and several words in our dialect has Slovenic roots, although there are too many who think it is important to crowbar those things cultures from each other and I also feel sorry for the damage nationalism did to our slovenian brothers and sisters by shaming their language
St Martins
So I would be grateful if you could clarify
>In my university (in Scotland) the code/programs we write belong to the student not the university,
Just crime, occasional political unrest and govt paranoia about photography of anything military apparently.
Senner
You surely wouldn't want to start throwing rocks in this glashouse of yours.
He is still a member of the Green party and their former party leader and was primarily supported by them, despite the fact that they generally only poll between 10-15%, which means they have way less money to support a presidential candidate, which they also have never done before.
Austrians will often stress that Bavaria is different to the rest of Germany, maybe because it is culturally same same but different
I walk down 4 floors, walk about a minute to the subway, have a 8-10 minute subway ride and then walk up 2 floors and I'm there
Why don't you drink tapwater in Europe
They are just very well written and delightful to read.
So, Russian
But honestly I don't care enough about the Germans to actually research it
there would be a massive outcry all over
My great grandfather fought in WW2 (idk where tho) and he got away from the front after he got shot where the heart is
Do you have those in your country
Very
It was even a topic in an election that we just had.
So just refuse everyone who is violent.
That is a huge deal for those archeologists
Very edgelordy indeed
**Salzburg**: Bavarians
* the terror attacks are based on Islam (he's saying not all muslims are terrorist, but the people doing the terror attacks in europe are muslims)
[Meanwhile in Kosovo]
Yeah, you can barely find any hand sanitizer and no face masks at all, and noodles and flour are almost out in the local store where I live
I would say my favourite false friend is "laufen", which exclusively means "running" in Austria, but is walking in Germany and "rennen" is running
I mean if you don't count semi-detached houses as houses then you're right
Brave man
As a chef this also bothers me as rule number one when boiling is always to wait until its really boiling
I can't go to Salzburg without half the town being aimed at international tourists who want Mozartkugel and the Sound of Music
These are considered a great classic of Austrian/Viennese cuisine
-**certain toiletries
I hope you can deliver your promise to fulfill the deal.
We got a total of 3 pity points for [Bob Martin's "Wohin, kleines Pony
Wir müssen die deutsche sprache streamlinen um value zu adden
> Also, use your inside voice outside and your outside voice inside
During the Battle of the Bulge, his small tank was hit by an allied anti tank
But I agree, probably Hitler has something to do with it
“The Mountains Are Calling, and I Must Go…”
Probably Glock's?
I really can't remember the last time that I used one
I think that writing classical music was just a way for Austrians to look busy while procrastinating
This could increase the immigration on Germany and therfore the ammount of people who see it as a problem.
Only the ideologies dont
>the Nazi party was the only legal opposition
Ignorieren wir österreich einfach mal
Besides that there are no checkpoints
But as a matter of fact, I would say that since we used to rule that much of Europe, the whole continent is somehow important historically (not only the regions we used to rule, but also those who were our rivals and enemies during these times)
From that point of view this seems quite reasonable for Russia to secure important areas, if you just focus on the strategical sand box these politicians find themselves in.
Again, who is it in Americas interest to hold us back in this regard?
My grandma used also to cook this soup but I can't renember the name...
You mean the post-austrian part...
If you eat food with low nutritional value but you eat a lot of it, chances are you will still sort of get enough of what your body needs
Let's hope it stays that way and that the last attackers get caught
Vorarlberg mostly speak Alemannic and they are culturally pretty similar to BW
Oh you mean the first translation of Margaret Carroux (prose) and Ebba von Freymann (for the poems) with the help of Tolkien himself VS
If you wanna see this in the old East v.s.
At least ten to fiveteen minutes.
I think it’s a difficult question
At least the UK has to be involved because of this:
My experience in Paris was that most people ignored my French, that was obviously enough to make myself understood and have a conversation, and just replied in English
It's not like people will give you a weird look or anything but I definitely feel a little bit lost whenever I'm in a restaurant alone, just because I don't really have anyone to talk to
My city Vienna got hit too a little bit
Same here
I think Europe is not a nation, but Europe is the idea that it is possible to live together in peace and in democracy and to leave behind the history of millenia of war that this continent endured for a prosperous future
haha, well I think the only motorcycle Shops here without money problems are the Piaggio and the Harley Shop
Du rüttelst am Watschenbaum, ~~Saupreiß~~ lieber nördlicher Stiefcousin
1944 the latter's independence was declared
well I've used [this]#/media/File:OeWB_42Aufl.jpg) in school (but the old speibgrün one)
Ever heard of mechanical efficiency
Fink fährt ab (1999 film)
It's moving the goalposts by taking a view and crossing out all evidence that doesn't support it
It comes with lingonberry jam and a slice of lemon, which you can squeeze over it, to give it a nice taste.
Oh right, yeah he probably edited it :)
German adds -land to a few certain countries, but not to others
Neither currywurst not mini bratwurst (probably Nürnberger) are Austrian by the way.
The thing is, there isn't really such a thing as "Austrian accent" since the dialect vary so much in Austria
>What if their feet smell
Well, not quite
Plot twist even the dictatorship was right wing it was very clerical and hated the Nazis, even got Mussolini alliance at first to guarantee Austrian independence
so takeaways aren't fresh meals in your opinion
Not too big of a difference if you ask me.
Pintxo, Pintxo gure txakurra da ta,
Look at that, Austria is actually leading a positive statistic
** it's really rare in some countries to eat uncooked crunchy veggies
He's viewed ambivalently here
edit: [This looks dope]
One time this elderly lady with a heavy texan drawl asked me where the Fortress Hohensalzburg is
Gleich an Befohlenen
In middle and high school, it was strictly British English.
Also Finnish
[At least it's not hordes of starving monkeys
This isn't directly covered in the [tax treaty] Can someone check my understanding of the technical German in the EAS rulings from the BMF?
We have a very intimate love-hate relationship
Nowadays Austria plays a role in the migration politics of the EU with the well known "Balkan route".
There are some Museums ans zoos where it's banned, basicly because people did stupid things with it in the past.
Everything in Hallstadt, I mean 200 gramms of salt for 13 Euros or Restaurants at the lakeside charging 27 Euros for a simple Schnitzel
Salzburg with the Fortress Hohensalzburg
Some examples:
I went there twice last year with friends
If you just have to pee, those are way better than smelly, stuffy stalls
Baba und foi ned
Women need toilet paper for more than that :)
Arm in German means both Arm and poor (adj)
Just admit it ffs
***
That was my favourite part about Spain
it's decidedly foreign, no worries
And it didn't help them at all.
Canada comes to mind as another country were liberalism almost exclusively refers to "social liberarlism".
&#x200B;
Bit bold to assume that Greek people forgot about their ancient history and not just didn't bring it up in this thread about modern Greece because it's just not relevant at all
Which is quite fitting tbh
That indeed is rare
(Deleted old account)
Yes england isn't known for good food but i was eating way better on the main island
I'm pretty sure Österreich-Ungarn would be better here
So you could say it "came out of" Slovakia
[Fucking]
Canada, Australia, New Zealand, etc
If you get a second helping, the bypass you need is free
I mean, come on
The economy was down and people had nothing left to be proud of
honestly thought that's from Schüssel
Cigarettes
Where did you get the Austrian one from?
* From a distance: Speaking an arabic language
Now thats just like climate: The old guys give a fuck about it, the young ones realize how important it is
Because that's weird, it sounds weird
And St
I am not worried about the handshake.
Chances are this won't change to a non-suicidal warning level till Saturday
I fail to see how pointing out a strawman and differentiating between adoptive parents and foster parents is controversial so I just chalk any downvotes up to homophobes enraged that I dare to suggest that gay people would make fine foster parents if they are willing to commit to that difficult task.
In German, Kuvert means envelope too
In the beginning of18th century it was bought by a (then noble) family which overhauled it in baroque style and lives in it still now
Thus German scholars often call the pharaoh Akhenaten Echnaton instead
It's pretty much tongue-in-cheek.
Schnaps is also amazing
(This same girl traveled to England and couldn't even name the capital)
Vienna is still one of the safest citys
From a mathematical point of view
Am i right
if you aren’t belonging to the race of Mole People you sure want to see the sunlight at some point and not solely be confined to the hotel-mall-restaurant circle
Perspectives
We hate the Chinese
Issue an ultimatum
If so I too am trilingual
actually, quotation marks are always quotation marks, and the ones used to just quote are also the ones used to *ironically* quote something
I know you guys are very patriotic and you definitely have good health care specialists and all that, but the health care infrastructure can’t be compared to europe
Isn't duct tape just one specific type of tape
however from all the experiences i ever had with people and their opinions about LGBT people, i can say for sure that i don't feel like taking my chances either, and i certainly feel like i've been bullied enough as to not actively put effort into giving other people more reasons to hate me.
Ah ok - yeah Schas doesn’t have the ei sound
Bitch, where
But of course there are the obligatory monarchist who think austria should get it back and we should be a monarchy again etc
That's a big deal for some gay couples that wanna start a family.
So does Heidi Klum
Also made the experience, that there is waaaay less work to be done when you go regularily
But I have to say that I dislike clubs/bars
We are not counting Reichs to begin with, that's only the Germans
But maybe it's that famous German directness :)
Okay yea sorry for the oversimplification, I'm from lower Austria so I tend to wear Tracht on those days you mentioned as well, but tbh I only see my generation putting on a Dirndl when it comes to these October fest events, where you're more attention-grabbing if you don't wear Tracht
Looking at the Moldau towards Krumlov I assume you'll be fine
You need an AUSTRIAN to fail such a project
My gym membership
ah, we used to do the same
Fuck that rich dude
when I was in croatia it didn’t taste as good, sry friends
Public transport and standing tickets to opera houses (but not everyone knows that:))
(Yes the ó is in there even in the German version)
- in religion class: ancient desert peoples that are featured in the Old Testament
Austria has not a single provider that provides world wide roaming unlike the US or Switzerland.
most popular would be Puntigamer and Ottakringer.
- Senegal
Some houses instead of the "Parterre" do have the "Mezzanin" which is a bit higher than the ground floor (4-5 steps)
people give themselves away with what and how they say it.
In Linz (the 3rd biggest city in Austria) you can get a 90-100ish m² flat in nice condition, which is slighty more expensive than Vienna due to the freer housing market here :/
It should really be very simple
A dutch complaining about spelling
maybe hiking yeah, but the really nice spots are kinda far away
I straight on died of laughter watching this
Edit: spelling
I wouldn't exactly say culture
fun dungeons are not for weirdos like you, you go straight to "summer camp".
Tüftler = Diftla
yeah, the diphtongs and the "tzlschw" consonant cluster always get them.
I've never been to Malta
Is ma blunzn
Sure, it has downsides
Today there's huge, huge fines on selling cigarettes to minors
You brought us Lotus cars and Monty Python
What's with all the royalty butt licking in this comment section
fuck
the culture of 'sudern' (=complaining about everything)
Otherwise something like the Bavarian Wikipedia site would be kinda hard to do decently
(apparently I don't get it
They projected a turkish Flag for the New Year one, but yeah, it is rather selective.
...by a margin of 6%, no less
Especially when it comes to both thinking their shit smells good and that they are ‘better’ than everyone else (although Americans are still much worse in that regard)
In Malcolm in the Middle, Grete and Otto are both Scandinavian, with their accent changed accordingly (and quite hilariously: "Sieh mir in den Augeenn")
So that might have had to do something with it
you put that on your border on purpose.
But "privince" is a common deragatory term that is employed
Probably Glock's?
It doesn't literally mean "Eastern realm" ("Ostreich") in modern German nor in the language that was spoken at the time afaik, but that's the mainstream theory of what the name most likely means
Klagenfurt is the 6th biggest and many people outside Austria have never heard of it
A few flakes around Christmas is all we got
ahhh sweet...remember the time when you were young and naive and thought you could bring death to all the infidels and other thinking people ?
It might be official, but do you think it is the right thing to do?
As a mathematician: There has to be at least one fixed point
Furthermore I can also identify with this currency.
me personally I had some great religion classes (like a homeroom class, doing stuff to build a harmonious class community) and some not so great ones (teacher came in and put a TV there and turned on a movie, often didn't show up at all), it really depended on the teacher
I suggest a quick google search if you want to take a look at some examples, you will find hundreds of lists
I find this very interesting, the spelling of some of those words is extremely similar to the actual pronounciation in Styrian dialects of Austria
Interesting how different the same news can be reported.
Scandinavians and making up "trendy" new words for universal everyday concepts, name a more iconic duo
Hawara
Is the sun ever thought of as male or female ?
(many different sorts of them)
I mean its not like people talk politics and enjoy it all the time in other places, but in Poland "all politics suck and they will suck forever thats why I don't vote" seems like such a common stance to have
Yeah that was a national embarrasment
"Can I have a spot of milk in my hot water please
People are much more open to you if you do sports together regularly
Near the area that was formerly used by many street hookers there was one stating "There is one that loves you, Jesus Christ". on a church wall
[USA (Arkansas) ID Card]
Hmm, we have: Tomate, Tomate, dei Zipfl kunn Karate (tomato, tomato, your penis knows karate) - nonsense saying
Graz: (290
A "Job" is most often referred to as some sort of irregular one-time work or a part-time job, while "Arbeit" refers to a full, 36-40 h/week occupation
Spanish, Italian, English, German, Polish, French and danish
Is that right
I propose the name "Chillige Oberzillertaler Bergabwärts-Rutscher Austria" - but it's a bit unwieldy, maybe we can come up with a shorter variant or an acronym
Source: Am family tech support
It simply feels foreign and not like home
He was really lucky though as he got released in autumn 1945 without any organs or kneecaps taken away from him
Putting sauce on your Schnitzel is considered a hate crime in Austria
They look a bit like calamari, also the texture is similar
He's not the head of rhe executive so he can't sin executive orders.
Turkey is half way there
I don't know how I can describe it
"Since this part can be used as physical support for a music playback device, we can't ship to your country :/"
Those corrupt people are still Russians being corrupt in Russia.
If you are talking about small cramped shops that have a variety of products, then they are generally very rare here.
So yeah, we've got a lot to do, but I'm crossing fingers that we get a less right-wing and more progressive government sometime, that will help with that, among other things
are you repeating the republicans position on russia?
And besides that, most mandatory vaccinations are targeted at children who cannot decide for themselves anyways
No need to keep them occupied even more
If he can play up the “savior of Turkey“ spiel he'll get votes
It doesn't taste bad, it just tastes different
Die heutigen Parteien ÖVP und SPÖ waren in den 50ern ja personell nahtlose Fortsetzungen der Zwischenkriegs-SPÖ bzw
That's a good description, immediately had the smell in my brain
they are pretty tall
The colorful mix of everything.
Portugal on the other hand had the issue that they were forced to sign a free trade agreement with England in the 18th century
Chippies will generally fry about anything you bring to them as far as I know
Yes
Why are right wing movements generally eurosceptic?
tourist area (does not have to be a tourist trap, just a place that gets tourists) = pay toilet
How radical-right faux-pas in our right-wing party FPÖ are just one "isolated case" after the other
Holy shit that's funny
Importing even more with no plans to fix these issues will make things worse and we'll see these attacks rising over the next 20 years when the current wave's children become old enough...
They turn into soil
next capital (bratislava) is about an hour by car, or an afternoon trip by bike away
Granted, I've never thought about it and if i had to guess i'd have probably said that they have them anyways.
Imagine smuggling a whole bunch of old-timey alarm clocks through a forest in the dead of night, with the Guardia Civil looking for you
But yeah, most likely we were just called the eastern realm of east Francia
There are troop transports of American warfare through Austria.
Nowadays I do not care whether I speak German or English, but depending on the context I might just be more expressive in English than I would be speaking German
Yeah, ofc it is dominated by Germans so it sucks a little.
We have deaths every year from people going into the Alps like it's a giant theme park
I consider myself a proud patriot
Do they hate the name or something?
They are Austrian citizens but German nationals.
You're not paid enough
**Linz** -> The Celts first settled the place and called it *Lentia* = curve, because the Danube makes a big curve here
That's gotta count for something
In general, the soviet occupation forces have a very bad reputation
I've been to Eisenstadt once
There‘s a little bench in the middle of the lake where you can sit on in winter and scuba dive down to in summer
i guess the point of this sport is to get to the nearest skilift?
"it happen still signs and wonders", that's nice to hear
Seems there was a slight shift in meaning happening after our teachers' graduation
Nicht mal **D**eutsch könnt ihr richtig...
Edit: a French guy named Michel Breal invented the marathon
The linguistic relation between Germany-Austria is very similar to USA-UK and Brazil-Portugal.
Our ROEs will be two thousand pages long and in 23 languages
Prague was also for a long time during the holy roman empire the capital of the Habsburg's since the Kingdom of Bohemia was in the HRE and was a kingdom in comparison to Austria proper which was "only" and archduchy
Hammer in German is just Hammer, pronounced somewhat hard
The IT sector there is great from what I've heard.
Sounds like RAF just aimed for the city and the US Airforce already bombed Messerschmitt.
Right, Europe doesn't even exist, it's just western Eurasia.
Well technically correct, he did acquire German citizenship later in life
I always put them in the fridge
Probably having a "professional" army leads to more glorification of soldiers and wars in general.
It's not like we had much of a choice in that - it was the Allies who pushed for a distinct Austrian national identity in our occupation time, for obvious reasons
Second this
If you want to study law or chemistry e.g. you just sign up
Old, conservative people used to think all you listed above.
Picnic, but I do like your version
might not sound like it but damn I miss Japan
The republic was paying rent for the house since the 70s but the contract they had with the landowner prohibited them from using it as a museum and it had been a social project for disabled people until 2011 when the owner started to act up.
I can only speak about my, and my friends, experiences and I hardly ever see Spanish speaking guys (I'm from the vicinity of Vienna btw) only today I met someone from Spain at university but that's really rather an exception.
What is somewhat common is a newspaper-sized thing near a church door (on the wall or some sign post etc
Well, we like to joke about Germans
My neighbour has a 400 year old house with 4 masonry heaters
What are the chips now
At least traditionally, although they're becoming more left-liberal (in European terms) lately.
Edit: If anyone’s wondering the region is the Zillertal
80 	g Semolina
Edit: I‘m going to an engineering school so I barely have any other languages other than english
Die / Das Cola
Are we doing Ibiza again
- Doing [certain taboo gesture] or expressing favourable views towards [historical totalitarian or autocratic regime, which is viewed very negatively nowadays]
Waldviertel
My 3 year old niece already can go around 10 meters on a regular bike because of that, it's very impressive
Im not a fan of crowded places nor expensive rip offs
After lots of negotiation it was decided to release the island into an independent state
Did you see that ludicrous display last night?
The thing with the tables starts around min 2:22
I don't ski or do any other winter sports, and I don't go hiking
[Source]
Ma vlast by Smetana
Because the US has a two party system, one of which did its absolute best to block everything in the past 8 years, simply so they can now sell this narrative that the other party failed the country just to get Hitler 2.0 into the office.
Mozart
Yeah, I mean why not
other parts are still in more of a patchwork manner, require stopping at traffic lights and riding next to cars, etc, but overall I'm happy
Despite bein neighbours, I only learnt about him when you put him on the 2 Euro coin.
Not sure if you count Austria to West or Central, but:
Italy
Because they save us from the big, bad, immigrants
I thought on the [Juli-Abkommen] which forced Schuschnigg to grand the NSDAP members giving amnesty, but it didn't make them legal again
Most of the country has the same quality, in some other areas it doesn't taste that great but most people still drink it
> Political disaster
Austria would be thicc again :)
Salzburg is attracting mostly Americans and Asians
But that's great if there are enough jobs.
Now they've got a second wave ahead without even having beaten the first one
Ez da alemaniako
Du bist doch schon gegangen
This wasn't the first thing that came to my mind about this topic, but this is interesting
took me a few years of struggling with "cloth-s" before I realized natives just say fuck orthography, and call it "cloze" instead
Over time these areas just came into the hands of nations like east frankia which were majority germanic so the culture and language spread south
Sorry for the German Youtube video, but I need to plug this because it's just so important
Great in soups
if the tech were there, which most definitly isn't the case
"Bluatschilling" basically you sat down as a group and had to keep a coin spinning
Have you ever met a Czech person
According to "oh shit that big-ass animal is way too close": wolves (very few though), bears (hardly any), boars, rats, cows
Of course it is possible to find it, for a price, but the overall quality isn't that high in my eyes.
I don't ski, I dislike coffee (never drink it), I barely eat cake, I barely go hiking, I barely visit farms, I only speak a bit in dialect and I don't like some of our classic dishes like Germknödel
I could also use a highway most of the way, but that's too risky
Austrian here - short update 10:40
I've actually brought relevant ready-made meals or ingredients (like [Germknödel] [Mohnnudeln] [Kaiserschmarrn] with me to show them to friends
He‘s well known
Its just that the rest of austria is more rural and even in the next biggest cities the people are a lot closer so the big city feels a bit distant from the rest
Leberkässemmel
it’s a thing you take into adulthood
Scotland definitly has seen better times but the Austrian team has had them too
Meh
*ducks*
Yet Austria also has a nice thriving gun culture full of competitive shooters, hunters and enthusiasts.
> the other UK languages do
In my own interest I'll say no ;)
You will have to pass Vienna first - bring coffee ;)
Because Austrians as a rule don't have a voiced s, and it's pretty hard to learn it and consistently and correctly use it
Was this one actually taken in Latvia?
I suppose spiders would also make their way in eventually.
They're often international productions, so I can't really call the movies Austrian.
So yeah we have those paper tickets but those are for tourists who don't want to install the app and old people
Almost nobody here had a TV in the 50s.
France is not the second largest country
Are unisex toilets a "tradition" there?
And it looks like Van der Bellen was better at this
Steirisch  and I don‘t get lower Austrian dialect on the other hand, it‘s a „I know it but it sounds so foreign“-feeling
But I agree, every special treatment of religion and churches should be banned
Djibouti and Timbuktu are used for that in (Austrian) German
This kind of speaking is giving me a circleruntogetherbreak
An und für sich ist das ja alles egal, dennoch frage ich mich warum er r/Askeurope hinters Licht führen will
And I like to believe under certain circumstances and with enough reforms, it could have survived and even thrived, possibly to the present day
You can also roast them with or without eggs
Austria chiming in, it's pretty popular.
I looks like *hingschlazt* along the Traun, completely pointless
But it turned out to be not durable enough (and too expensive), so they invented a special kind of resin at some time in the 19th century
Either that, or emojis
But Finland still lost
The world in Austria is too small :D
It seems people have a chip on their shoulder when it comes to English and for some reason  feel the need to assert their superiority by bragging how complicated their language is compared to it
...actually pretty clever
A bsoffene gschiecht
"Richi" didn't refer to Empire in the classical sense but rather land directly controller by a ruler
- that was wtf-worthy, but very entertaining).
I somewhat doubt that tabloid article as I'm not sure how/if a slavic expression about a place/mountain in Styria would have carried over centuries into modern German
Sure there are some areas where the drunks hang out and whatnot but Vienna is as safe as can be
Exactly
Nope, not in Austria
a restaurant/cafe) of your business after which you need to start providing toilets to staff/customers.
Later examples from other people included fireproof coal, square circles and the senator Duca Melbista-Berso-Thum(Du Kamel bist aber so dumm / You are a stupid camel, though)
The average is about 60 shots per year, most of them warning shots or to scare away animals
But there is no white nation down there?
Kannst ja gerne in Österreich eine Umfrage starten, wer sich selbst als Deutsch sieht.
So Austrian-German has many words that are different from German-German but are for the same things
And **THANK YOU** for giving us Dirk Stermann
If you want cheap food, then you have to eat kebap
we did not see Germans fleeing all over Europe.
Yes it does, the penis is less sensitive and sex doesn't feel as intense
How weird would people look if I just said извини, где библиотека? Would that be rude or something
They are only allowed to sell their own produce (so it's regional), it's typical, simple Austrian food (cheese, sausages, ham, pickled veggies) and it's really cheap so that farmers and the like can get their calories at an affordable price
I too love it
Seven wonders was the question
Works on Windows just fine: é È É è
Cash or per App
They know, that they won't achieve anything, but still disturb the flow of passing people to make anybody notice them by blocking ways and stairs.
I'd say it's quite the opposite, but the above poster seems to imply Austria hasn't done its "fair share".
You know sh*t‘s about to go down when politicians start rapping
After all, it's mostly free of normes or symetry, so you really could build anything you want and let your creativity roam
Is the security on this sufficient, after all I'm leaving all my money in 1 account, or should I sent savings to a second, unrelated account?
That's also why I said it is the prejudice
A few years ago I was in Bratislava on New Years Eve
Austrian here
But "everyone hates them and no one uses them" is plain wrong
In the future I would actually support this, if it's also the will of the Turkish people (of which I am doubtful).
IT does Look classy as fck
When I went to Spain and I saw people party, I thought to myself...
Also you avoid horrible European city traffic (you'd probably end up using the Metro anyways inside cities).
OK fair enough
Whenever I go back home, waiting in a big line for KFC is always on my bucket list (pun intended)
Didn't they get all the way to Poland
His father is German, but he grew up in Ireland, and while his German is ok-ish, his accent is totally noticeable (not only in the film, but generally)
I'm Tyroleaan and I love Vienna and the Viennese
Also the road isn't unsealed for the most part
That's because the cancer usually comes with the mainstream.
The Arrow-cross is so ugly
You guys still bitter about the fact that your government took out loans and you were expected to actually have to pay back the money?
* [Schloss Belvedere, specifically Upper Belvedere] or more specifically: [The Österreichische Galerie Belvedere] And wikipedia can explain why I chose it better than I can: _The Belvedere's art collection presents an almost complete overview of the development of art in Austria and, thus, an insight into the country's history
Vana | Grüne | 136 | contra
- the dead terrorist did wear an explosiv belt, bomb squad had to come and take care of the body
City-Airport-Train - regular trains can be used fort like 1/5 of the price
We didn't have the same level of "denazification".
There is no need to paint Putin as anything, he is bad enough
Yeah, I don't know what they do different, but no other bottled iced tea compares, most don't even come close
"Sranje"
I hate you
i spent 16 days in the ICU with a life threatening situation, got a ride in the ambulance, got a shit ton of meds, 2 MRIs, 2 cat scans and an angiography during that time
And I hate that thing along with the human that created it with a passion I usually don‘t have
I was shocked when I first heard that Germans don‘t use that phrase
It's lonely
It feels like an impulsive decision based on current politics about gender
Which also severely hurts the housing market, yes
Shh
If you think about the name you realise it's meant the mouth of the river it's located, but it's odd nonetheless
In my experience, most Europeans like meeting Americans and like asking them questions about the US.
* 1156 A separate country (at least a duchy within the HRE)
According to a guy from a health workers union.
We are all humans, I don't need anything else
too bad they are not doing the same in america that would be great
And not everyone lives in a chalet and eats schnitzel or something like that every day
Probably Vorarlberg to join Switzerland cause they share the same dialect and actually tried once
Austria is Australia (especially the stupid line from dumb and dumber "throw a shrimp on the barbie...").
„Źdźbło“
So the Luxleaks made him very unpopular.
Feeling sorry for our neighbors on the other hand
There's definitely a ch sound
Nobody under 60 would say that we were the first victims
English = Green
Thanks
Italian tales of heroism
Because even back then (1156) vienna was way more important then melk (the capital before vienna)
Well, in the city we have Würstel-Döner-Hotdogstände instead
Man hat halt nach den Nazis gesagt "Lasst uns das Kriegsbeil begraben und das ganze Thema noch dazu, arbeiten wir zusammen und reden nie wieder über diese Zeit
Threads about my country always turn to shit
You can't just ship your own citizens into another country because you don't like them.
There's a good chance I would have gone into administration or the army (and probably died in the Napoleonic Wars)
Wow, I've never seen someone from French Polynesia around
A: "He, gib mir Lineal
Sure does happen
I'm sick & tired of voting all the damn time already, but I will of course do it.
This is *such* an Italian mistake, I love it
Although it is always a treat when I fly over to get the real thing
No, my wife is even Germany, the most hated nation here
Säd america is sad
Ah yes
But minor details
And I even googled that if anyone did a study on how much Austrians cook at home
i second that
I mean i didn't expect rural Anatolia to be doing swimmingly, but Istanbul I expected to be yellow or even blue
Not German, but my grandfather had an interesting story
After the second world war Greece began supporting Greek independence groups on the island and turkey did the same with Turkish groups only shortly after
The work done there is way too valueable
Just not worth it
I'll try to recollect:
As a german native english is not so hard to learn also the internet helps a lot because you need english every day
There's other, more reasonable ways to say things,  but the above is a perfectly legal and legible German sentence
I always greet when I enter a smaller store, it's kind of comman courtesy, no
* -> Franz Ferdinand
As for the most successful Nations overall, Norway has the 14th most wins in history of women's races (9 wins), and 4th most wins in men's races (143 wins)
(Now I luckily know how it’s pronounced :‘D)
Der Nutella of course
The article then goes on to a completely unrelated study from 2011 about hospital infections, pulls a 9.9% of GDP public healthcare expenditure that I can find no source for out of its ass (9.9% is close to the total health expenditure public and private) and then goes on to lament about the low amount of nurses per patients without mentioning that [the ratio per population has actually gone up from 2000.]
Everyone bitches about Taxi drivers being against Uber, but everyone should be
Yeah but those aren't creative spellings, but the same name in different languaves, eight
About 20 to 40 minutes by car, heavily dependant on traffic
I thought it was like 4 overall 2 in vienna, one in Innsbruck and a last one somewhere else, Salzburg maybe
So, Erdogan as private person has the full right of freedom of expression.
i would remove the one from slovak flag too
Houses from the 1800s are quite common everywhere and quite a few across Austria are (at least in part) considerably older
With plenty of lubricant around...
When I send pdfs back they claimed several times that they cannot open it
In english you say "are xx (years old)" instead of "have xx years".
You can say that, but he basically insulted her country, her mother and her home
porches are rare, if packages are left on terraces or the like they're normally not visible from the street
Our drinking water is so good, I've heard that some people bottle it up and sell it overseas
In which war did the neutral austria participate since ww2
I have seen one of these Spanish decks once
hard question for Austrians since basically everything leads to a world war
Which was not Germany or Austria but its own bishopric in its time
Austria: Most people don't want to join.
War is always a bloodbath without sense.
Take the Hofburg in Vienna for example
And overall, sorry to say this, but around here the balkans have the stereotype of being quite poor and asocial ("shitty") people, and yes I know that‘s not true and a stupid stereotype but Austria definitely doesn‘t have that stereotype, if you mean this
The very few times I do this is when no one has commented so far on a question that I find interesting, and I want to tell OP that his question is reasonable and good
Thank you
Aka the darker your humour is, the better it comes off
Source data appears to be this.
Then, in 1923 the greek-turkish war happend and the relationship between these groups got even worse
We also read an originally greek work "Antigone" in german class
(thats one point where I see most advertisements)
[At least it's not hordes of starving monkeys
> Salzburger Nachrichten
First of all I would be irritated that the light didn't detect my car and turn green automatically.
Not Europe and also not my home country, but I've had a US ID card at some point
:D no, I married a way creepier guy
(Also, that hair
Didn't know Irexit was an issue at all?
Where did you get that word from
Then it makes sense to have a look at the actual Agreements.
Because then I'd like to have a Chipotle here, so we get at least *some* Mexican food
We don't have any in our own country, but honestly, I prefer to be influenced by the Americans compared to the other alternative
Or do you might change irish to english?
and we force them to try saying "Oachkatzlschwoaf" anyway...
They never do
We don't want the risk if we don't use the energy.
This is the right answer if you want to save for the long run.
Because people carry their passports with them …
Flag confusion
And beyond that I don’t drink anything made outside of Czechia/Bavaria/Austria
(in Baruch it's different than in Bernard)
And of course it's a crime to put it on Schnitzel
Salt, pepper and nutmeg are the most common ones)
Even when native German speakers get the pronunciation and the accent right in English, the last hurdle is usually the pitch
Wous
I personally find it funny that the last coalition entailed two parties which both created fascist states in Austria independantly from each other
I swear, as soon as it spotted me, a blood moon happened and I had no fucking idea what was going on
just look at the british museum :)
People often just prefer what they are used to
And when
This is just as dangerous in my book.
"in varietate concordia" - united in diversity
Then you are lucky
I'm bad at beeing Austrian either
Mohn is best used sparingly
I had to google this because I had no clue and didn‘t find anything related to it so I think, sadly, no, we do not have a national pet
No, actually it's not even even that
I've never heard anyone express this opinion, not even very old people
Well in my last job I went to lunch every day, so make that 10€ per day for that alone (so about 200+€ per month)
Or when there were heavy summer rains and I could run into the garden and run around in them
000 in Prague
The version of it that is used in Denmark seems to be slightly different as to the ratio of ingredients that are used, and pastries made with the Danish variant of the dough would apparently be called "Kopenhagener Gebäck" according to Wikipedia, but I've honestly never heard that before
), it was almost always 1-3 beers max
Why don't you ask that in /r/Austria?
Ours is called "Matura prank" (Matura being the upper level high school finals/university entrance certification), and sensibly done *after* your final exams
Strümpfe = Strimpf
no one wants street dirt in the house.
In Germany being a Nazi is outlawed, so punching someone doing a Hitler salute is not any different than punching a robber
Yeah, you get very one sided answers from this sub on political questions.
There's a prehistory of animosity to the Croatian collaboration with the Nazis you know
That's one part maybe, but it's not the first thing that comes to mind when I hear it
The people were the nicest and the weed was cheaper
One of the main reasons (I think) is that besides those ads the only time anyone talks about Africa is when there is something terrible on the news
Spent 2h waiting in Atlanta this year
There always is that one german person that thinks that his own language​ is some kind of provincial language only spoken by a handful of people in central Africa and is genuinely surprised when people want to learn it.
not at all controversial in austria.
In general once Romans expansion, which was the major source for slaves, stopped attitudes towards them changed.
Waltz is very accurate in his assessment
I'm seeing more and more e-cigarettes in tobacco stores here, but I'm not sure how many people smoke them.
there are lots of places you can buy cheap schnitzel
I personally never do that, we always either use informal shakes (like half-high five or double-shake, I don't know whats the proper word) or do a half-hug
I usually drive "auf Sicht", which means "on sight" - so if I can see far enough to stop within a reasonable time I drive the speed limit, sometimes faster
Except for a few movie cliches I don’t remember any cringy moments
May have a garage spot
We loved the city center but we made sure to sleep and eat just outside of it
Rock paper scissors and Schnick Schnack Schnuck
Yeah seems to o go down all the time
3 out of those 4 countries have the same population density as germany :)
Interesting, the way you use it, it nearly sounds like the meaning could be defined as "vorbeigehen, vorbeischauen bei". Eventuell noch wie "zur Hand gehen"?
Well Brexit is a crazy shit show (that will hurt the British a lot more then they think) and trump is a complete imbecile
Do you have a specific one in mind or should we talk about all of them?
Housing prices have gone through the roof and it has become extremely difficult for a normal family with kids to afford housing
No, Sachertorte is good, but you can get it everywhere
I'd guess in the middle of a giant forest
I might be biased but I like the Austrian plates most
I guess they will sooner or later
Yes, the language of the Elves was greatly influenced by Finnish, and for that reason, I owe the Finns a limitless debt of gratitude
Considering how many of my peers regularly got *blackout* drunk all the damn time, this is nothing to be proud of.
Josef Fritzl
For the Barber Shop of Herr Artner
There's furthermore a couple of healthcare benefits I haven't looked into because frankly I haven't needed it yet, the option to have lunch with the CEO on your birthday (which is kinda fun truth to be told), an extra paid vacation day a year, child daycare, and some other minor stuff I don't recall
I grew up/lived near NYC when I was in America
So maybe they thought that Italy, France was just as normal as Norway, Michigan
Ich mag den vom Kebabhaus in der Faulmanngasse recht gern
But that sentiment seems to change in the last 20 years or so, but there is still a way to go
It fits my natural sleep rhythm better, I can enjoy the sun in the afternoon (which makes me quite depressed during winter times) and I'm much less tired during the day
We also cannot get reptiles shipped
The fact of the matter is, "refugees" commit a disproportionate amount of crime in comparison to native Germans, so overall crime statistics hold no weight in any argument in that regard.
Frankreich, fick ja
Hey we learn about your history
The fuck are we doing
Belgium is unique of course becuase of the Flemmings and Walloons thing
Also we have a green president
* making a sort of list of radical imams (I think, could have understood that wrong)
Rip
When voting came his wife still voted for the functional, because she always voted black and she can't vote red
That number includes all people of possible Irish descent leading back, as you said, to all the people ever leaving Ireland.
For us it‘s both red and white wine
You do realise that the establishment of Indian Reservations in the US were an influence on Nazi concentration camps, right
There is Schuachblattln
Forgive my ignorance, but can't the President stop this madness by not signing the law?
Oh, spare me that
That's what I liked about the knick
Also, Herr Kutz in GTA 5 :D
You don't have free public toilets in the UK
Gandolf and every once in a while someone comes by to correct it to make it *Gandalf
I use them sometimes to pay the exact amount, and the cashier is happy to receive them because it makes it less likely to run out of them
The final court decision was not only about the difference, but that the former minister insisted on hiring the woman over him because she wanted to have a female for the job
Opening times of supermarkets and stuff are too tight and chances  if you work longer than 6pm and are stuck in traffic you won't make it to the supermarket
Yeah true
I didn‘t even know that Austria actually invaded Poland during (or after
Maybe it's some sort of digital performance art...
Fission has come a long way and is incredibly safe and Fusion is still entirely theoretical
Aaah, the song of my people
Best case scenario are the people who try to get up there in crocs and need a helicopter ride down.
No, in fact they were made illegal after they killed the former austrian autocratic ruler Dolfuß in 1934 in a failed putsch
beautiful
They stole some stuff and then had a snack with some food from the fridge
Compared to what there is in the Alps, I'd say a kindergarden.
> But you're right
There's a big cultural difference between Austrians and germans that aren't bavarians though.
And quantum mechanics make even the craziest things possible (i. e. quantum entanglement)
but the real story in the immediate aftermath was the unthinking hipster Brits, clearly so uninformed about the EU that they automatically jumped onto this American trend without even the slightest knowledge of why they were doing so
just make it have good actors, and let there be some good guys (mostly in Parliament) as well
^^^Südtirol
Lol that's sad
Rome wasnt nice, that is widely know
His reply "Nun, wenn ich so ein Vollidiot bin" showed me that he did take that too literally, while here it wouldn´t be considered that awful but more as a figure of speech
I know I know, really just wanted to make a lame joke about British cuisine.
It's called "Liachtbratlmontag" meaning "light-roast-monday"
Sorry because of the late reply.
**Slovenia:** thanks for having roads, for when we go on our holiday in Croatia
who knows
>> so punching someone doing a Hitler salute is not any different than punching a robber
* [EC 217 near Pfarrwerfen] train at the same place]
Is this still the case, not in theory but actually
You should read up on the real story of Rapunzel
plus the small stones in your profile can really fuck up wood.
I think almost 2 million out of ~9 million people
They took this knowledge home with them and built up this stereotype through movies that were shown all over the world.
)  (Attention is on the human)
Well, the far right in Austria (FPOE with Strache) didn't come close to 50%. In the last election they had 16% and before that 26%.
Throws our next wannabe dicator after you ;)
Isn´t it always the other way round in austria that all the other states are looking down on vienna and "die gschissenen Werner"? Even "Gscherte" in vienna isn\`t so much used for people from the countryside but more for viennese from the poorer city districts
I live in Vienna and I sometimes drive to other cities/villagers per train
- I like eating sweet things and I enjoy baking stuff like Austrian Christmas cookies or Sachertorte
So people were like "the real reason surely was the cockroach, not the YPG
Noische, Noische, Noische 1, 2 1, 2, 3, 4 Noische,
-HC Strache
But there simply is something about snow that makes people feel good about it
I d say below 10 is cool, below 0 is cold
but i guess we are too concerned with our celebrities and sports games drugs, and other obsessions to even care about the fact that our government and current political party is slowly but surely destroying our country
Blümchen = Bliaml
You might be thinking of a "Verordnung" which would probably be best translated as administrative order.
The Schlossmuseum in Linz had a really cool exhibition about it until last year
She wasn't even smart enough to be the smartest knife
Don't stand on the left of an escalator
And those bubbles
Identity does not necessarily have anything to do with a common language and culture
It really depends on what you count as "country".
The most successful alpine skier in history was indeed a Swedish man, not Norwegian: Ingemar Stenmark
There isn’t really a standard handwriting here
Every second hipster shop that's remotely connected to producing something is calling itself a M A N U F A K T U R nowadays
There is no evil entity behind it.
For me in German that would be Heil (or at least it was until the nazis ruined it
Sure, that might be fringe part of former ÖVP members, but neither Strolz nor Meinl-Reisinger are excessively right-wing, economically speaking
And they should return to or debut at Eurovision
After being called a Nazi over and over again Haider said "well at least he had some proper economic policies (unlike the current government at the time)". It's a quip
The taxi scam happened to me multiple times the same day
but you're fine if you go to a somewhat typical german tourist destination
Hah
hard to bring with, sadly
Also, no, that‘s not how languages work
ok you got me
" he said
Err, than I have no clue what flag that is.
A cat chasing a squirrel isn't that uncommon
I figure it must be pretty hard to live in a country if you don't speak the language
There is no other words to describe it
In Austria as well
Franz Schubert
I don't understand what you're trying to say.
I always said that Scythians, Khazars, Huns, etc.
Am I not understanding the balkans right or is it really more of a polygon
It's always funny how things get ignored because they "can't possibly be true"
And maybe gloves
I can count the women I saw wearing full-face veils on one hand.
Jaja que casualidad
Baden is german for Bathing
Examples, according to Duden (online version) can be:
The good thing about eating McDonalds while being completely shitfaced: When you inevitably throw it up again, it still tastes exactly the way it did when you ate it
Poor Texans have to use assault rifles like stick horses
Probably the [Kaprun disaster 2000] A funicular burned in a tunnel on a mountain
Whenever I read something about my country here on reddit or elsewhere from an international audience there is a 95% chance that it's complete bullshit.
The same guy trying to get manager positions for close party friends within the country's largest casino corporation in trade for new laws favoring the casino
- I played with it first
Teachers can do the same shit for 20 years and people just go along with it, even if it’s complete bull
Not German, but I think so can still answer in the spirit of the question
well, weak
I’d move to Bavaria and have the water right there
Mead, sure
I know a bunch who went there solely for bike trips, something which I consider strongly myself once this Covid mess is over .
Austrian here
We use a lot of poppyseed in traditional dishes
English adopted this name for our land, I guess, with the Norman conquest
So someone from Austria could seem similar to what you described in Manchester
Wiener Wiesn - for some reason (aka money) Vienna decided to rip off Munichs Oktoberfest
Also cool article, I've read it a while ago and found our stances quite similar
*Kleidung/Kleider* (G-G)
I think the above user is referring to the double headed eagle Coat of Arms of the Austrofascist state, [which can be seen on top of the Austrian flag in the English Wikipedia] But afaik that was never an official flag
) but considering the performance of DHL & FedEx in my area that's very convenient
I like them
Ahhh that explains it, totally forgot about that possibility
The pound is now worth less meaning you have to spend more if you want to get the same stuff and interests rates are in the gutter.
Well played
>water fountains with sparkling water
The big fight of our generation is starting
Can you answer that ? Or is there noting ?
I prefer Norway cause I know a few Norwegians and I've also started studying the language (even though I've been slacking the past few days).
This one is, but I remember the same "debate" about the Rammstein song that was a little more subtle.
Plot Twist: Czechia is the dick
Yeah but the biggest ancestry group in America is Germans.
Ahhhh
The Oude Markt in Leuven and the Campus Arenberg because of my semester abroad at the KU Leuven
Oh the pain ... here you can get [potato dough powder] in any supermarket where you just add water
The „Administration Court“ VWGH, Verwaltungsgerichtshof
We've read Faust (Goethe), Die Verwandlung (Kafka), Jugend ohne Gott (Horvath), Die verlorene Ehre der Katharina Blum (Böll), Der Besuch der alten Dame (Dürrenmatt), Woyzeck (Büchner), Draußen vor der Tür (Borchert), Kein Platz für Idioten (Mitterer) and Die Leiden des jungen Werther (Goethe) among others
A factory owner needs to compensate by hiring more staff
You can vet the people coming form SA, but you cannot do the same with the seven countries on the list.
Haha yes I know them
If that's the song I think it is, I have no idea how it goes but I was a big fan
The rest is Bavaria of course
Dumping untreated waste is banned in all Germanic countries in Europe.
The Guardian is hyping up that election a bit too much.
You can sell all your stuff there.
everybody else
It's not, as it is extremly Austrian
I don't hate them
On the 12th of March 1938 Wehrmacht and German police took control of Austria, with people cheering them on in the streets
And I never heard somebody say "gmail me this". That would be weird
I do have friends from other European countries, and when I visited them, I was surprised that often they offered me still water from bottles that they bought in the supermarket
You're making it sound like there aren't any alternatives to apple products (itunes was discontinued a while ago, btw)
Not even the cliffs that many say look beautiful look in any way intresting
Interesting thought to be honest - but I guess that would fall under sexism and thus can’t really be applied in this case
It‘s probably also the reason why I practiced my English so much to the point where I barely have an accent/have the American Accent
education level in Austria is so low
What is the point is that guns aren't "personal freedom" for everyone, but kind of a sport to which you have to be trained
That Beethoven was austrian
what I still can't fathom after reading through many articles reporting on the details of their WhatsApp conversations (because of course, they, including a prospective candidate for finance minister, were all stupid enough to just talk about it openly on WhatsApp), what I still really can't understand though is: why did the FPÖ try so hard and against all opposition and better judgement, why did they try to install *that guy* as chairman of the board of the Casinos Austria
The Waldviertel in Lower Austria too
It only crops up in some newspapers well after the fact
/u/titletoimagebot
Most of the time you can not call one of them directly but have to have a trial at one of the “lower” courts first
Could also be worse tho
For decades our big parties have added all kinds of irrelevant legislation to the consitution
She's not a princess, and we call her Camilla the Gorilla (idfk why).
Due to various issues - his epilepsy, perceived incompetence, and being influenced by a group of shadow rulers ("Geheime Staatskonferenz") which included Metternich and others - people were not too fond of him, and turned that into **"Gütinand der Fertige" (Gütinand the Worn Out)**.
I see this question often in r/AskReddit but the most people there are Americans who answer with cartoon network shows.
The same does not work if you need to agree on frequencies.
As an Austrian I have no problems about hearing news about our little neighbour Germany
Welp, at least it explains it
I have been to Germany only a couple of times in my life, and I hadn't seen it
I think it really depends on the employer, but as far as I know are piercings not really accepted if you work in a bank or as attorney or jobs like that
Heck one of their largest group of voters are immigrants.
So maybe they thought that Italy, France was just as normal as Norway, Michigan
Already been there
and a lot of traditional professions are there too
with their [Swastika clothes racks] :P
As a Styrian I‘m also kind of surprised that nobody really spoke English where you went
etc
The ID card is basically for people who don't have a drivers license
Because more and more people don't like those things, every year millions of tons of slaughter waste has to be thrown away
How difficult was Latin for you as an Italian?
All the resources are property of Greenland itself and not Denmark, while Denmark is stuck with meeting defence requirements
I'm inclined to say that Flatland Austrians pull down the percentage for Austria.
So you seriously never scribble down notes in a meeting, or write a shopping list, or pen a message to your mum, or put some talking points on a whiteboard
Then there are many Not so Common one
Continents are kind of arbitrary in definition
Anything to do with Germany
Almdudler already made it that far north
I know plenty of guys with multiple cars
Letting private companies run things the state should do
That was banned in Switzerland
Although it is more challenging for people from Vorarlberg, especially older ones
But if you are getting lunch in any restaurant there is always a soup included
Those smells do seem nice
He has the best words
I mean - here in Rome we have something that might (somewhat remotely) classify as such but it's a former housing estate full with druggies, hookers and thugs.
Some light hearted Belarus content
Hide the pain harold probably won't last much longer then them
K.u.k. is an adjective/prefix applied to various things, not an informal name for the Country
More a café thing, but also applies in bars
I realize now that my first statement may be a bit narrow minded in itself
I still have a few follow ups:
Schwizer gond eigentlich meistens zum verstoh, isch jo o allemanlisch
With the dead Minister of War hanging from a lantern post
Someone coming from the countryside can be (derogatorily) referred to as "Gscherta" (person, who's head has been sheered)
Nothing i saw in France came close for me except maybe Dijon-Prenois, if for completely different reasons :))
It's technically not illegal to eat Wiener Schnitzel with sauce
Impossible
Jakob, Lukas, Felix and Paul are traditional.
UESC: United European Space Craft
It can be applied in a lot of different contexts and usually means that there is enough of something (time, money, space)
Yeah I'm not exactly holding my breath for that either.
Reminds me of our old paper driving licenses
But our system may be different than yours
But a Tschusch can also be everyone else living in South Eastern Europe except of ex Yugoslavia, those people are called „Jugos“
[Website] of his tour, including a [live tracking page]
The numbers above don't seem to be accurate, I trust Statistik Austria more.
And unless the nation states are willing to confer more powers to the union this isn't going to change.
To add to the confusion of the presidential role, let me mention that there is a chancellor of Switzerland
Not so much in a cringe-inducing kind of way, but rather in an endearing way.
Most of us just used what the french were already using
Here it's not commercials *for* gambling, since those would be illegal
Unfortunately this is not only being used as a compliment
Lots of people use their internet providers mail, especially if they stick with the same company they started with (or it's original name) - tons of @ chello for example
Also there is [Not that much north of Bavaria that was not Prussia at some point]
The Lavender fields od Lavender town
This does neither extend to all US states not all European countries.
And many Austrians think Frucade is Austrian, not German
Trust me, our pityful potato Kroketten don't even barely play in the same league as Spanish croquetas
Yea kinda fucked up
- the dead terrorist did wear an explosiv belt, bomb squad had to come and take care of the body
all that being said, if you get construction material like a pallet of bricks and order a sizeable amount, you'd normally have it delivered to your home
For Austria you know what I‘m boutta say: the dialects
I visited a university lecture by the CEO of that company
A shame, used to rely and pride itself with neutrality :(
Not 100% sure on the latter though, Prague or Buda/Pest/Budapest might have been bigger at certain points in time since 1600, but I kind of doubt it
In this raid German paratroopers freed Benito Mussolini from captivity
Drink tea whilst complaining about the Yanks again and the fact that English breakfast tea is actually a thing, whereas Yorkshire breakfast isn't, unless it is the bastard lovechild of English breakfast and Yorkshire tea
Because Austrians had just gotten rid of the Habsburger, after almost 800 years, so being a republic was a big deal
E.g. Welsch is related to Wales, Wallachia and Walnut etc
Well, in the past Austria rented it for a home for handicapped people but when they wanted to add a barrierfree entrance the owner balked and since then the house is empty which isn't ideal for obvious reasons.
Also the Case of the Franz Fuchs
As for my hometown Linz, it's very similar really
Chers amis français, veuillez sortir et voter, même si votre premier choix pour le président n'est plus en cours d'exécution
Clearly OP didn't assume everybody knows it, otherwise he wouldn't have explained what it is in his post.
Best trips around the time when I finished school were to the czech republic
Throw the papers away, say you lost them on your boatride from Canada to Denmark.
You have 5 days to leave the country
The facility burned down around that time
I see troop transporters fairly often on the Autobahn and the Jets usually on their supersonic training.
Austria numbah one
However (and most Austrians don't realize this either) the colors of the CoA are black (eagle), red (tongue), and gold (the "trio", the beak and the fangs), which is a hint to the [traditional pan-German colors] (i.e. Germany including Austria), which also have a strong republican connotation – opposed to the Prussian-dynastic black-white-red
good idea - i mean we could do it but then no one north of the Danube would be able to pronounce it
Such chocolate buns aren't very good
Yeah
Venice participated in the containment war against France.
Below ~10 i use my jacket (not very thick
Chilly  0
Don't go to /r/de
[Divide Poland you say?]#/media/File:Prince_Metternich_by_Lawrence.jpeg)
The village I grew up in was initially part of the Soviet zone, and the closest town was in the British zone, so everyone going to town had to cross the zone border, which, as my grandmother told me, was quite difficult sometimes
I rather have myself a hot Burenheidl, at my local neighbourhood Hurenbeidl
Both used to be way bigger empires, kinda dark humor, one big tourist attractor city, smaller industry-heavy cities, lots of space for agriculture but at the same time basically no dangerous wild animals, cuisine is meat and potato-heavy, often when people think about the prime of the countries they think of past times, they share a language with a bigger country and it’s basically the same but certain words are different and people point it out a lot, ... but that’s just my two cents
Are you drunk
Heute wissen die meisten Österreicher, dass nicht "die bösen Deutschen" die Täter waren und "wir" die Opfer, sondern dass "wir" Teil der "bösen Deutschen" waren, und vielfach Österreicher in führenden Positionen im NS-Regime bzw
Spitzen Liste
Actually pretty centristic
> selling all kinds of premade packs of herbs and spices for specific meals that require minimal thinking from the one who prepares the food
also it's my exercise, I normally try to be fast and get my heart rate going
right, thanks
When I see a woman with ridiculously high shoes in Vienna, chances are at around 70% she's Spanish
What I meant is that for you it’s only natural to speak French besides Flemish, however here in Austria English is not a language people speak here besides German
Edit: [Kärntner Kasnudeln] are similar, but filled with quark
Also, I'm pretty sure German police has a few Porsches too
I would totally add "Blum" to it
The shelling is the direct response to the agreement violation by the Ukrainians.
not really a culutre shok but Tunesia in the 90's, was quite suprised how overly present the military was everywhere
Nobody should be pissed if you say that Dutch and German are sister languages from the same dialect continuum.
So whenever they dig up something, or build new houses anywhere in those areas of Vienna, they find some antique shit, and then a team of archeologists come and take a look at it
The first is responsible for civil and criminal cases, the second one decides wether a law, act or sentence is in accordance with the constitution and human rights and the last of them is responsible for all trials regarding the city, county, state or federal administration, this also includes traffic fines or construction projects
The funny thing is this very conductor has been conducting the Neujahrskonzert with the Wiener Philharmoniker on multiple occasions by now
next capital (bratislava) is about an hour by car, or an afternoon trip by bike away
I mean if you buy some rather unknown brand or brand known for building cheap phones then yes
(We gave them a blank map from europe for this)
It is the very first time in her life that Rapunzel sees a man
What do you call them if not racists and bigots
This groups have been working on gaining influence in the political landscape of these countries, which has resulted in i.e.
I mean it's bavarian so we have quite a good claim on it
I get your point, but the difference between Mozart and Ressel is that Mozart was born in what is NOW austria, and Ressel was born in what is NOW the Czech Republic
Depending on the social circle: very common even among friends
We have the movie poster in our office, and from afar it looks like it has a [big glowing penis] on it
Liechtenstein is ja ned in Österreich
Unter diesen Mennoniten wird Plattdeutsch noch als allgemeine Umgangssprache benutzt
We could have been gloriously a mix of nuclear and renewables but alas by a tiny margin the country went the wrong way and banned nuclear :(
It's pretty disgusting
I actually started using mapy
You might get extra charges/restrictions for going to Poland by the way, make sure to tell them in advance where you're going.
I'm not sure if many public transport buses cross the borders, in general though in Austria it would be possible (but really expensive) to go everywhere only via public transport buses.
the article you're commenting on says so :D
Chances are higher, though
At least that's my experience
That's too long to remember, we started history lessons with Schliemann and his discoveries about Troy and Mycenaean Greece
It's not a copy, it's a different version (and there are at least 4 very different Gulasch variants in Austria)
Didn't work out
) with it
I would say that we're part of the DACH region
We haven't got much snow in the years prior to that as well, but at least a few times, even if it is gone in a day or two
In big cities (also in the eastern part) you will also find schools that teach in “international” languages like English, French or Spanish, but locally you’d also find other minority language schools for Serbians, Bulgarians, Ukrainians or even Slovaks
I have to say that 30cm of fresh snow would even (and have in the past) cause problems here in Austria in large cities
Especially his choice of party, because I really believe he‘s homophobic and yeah, I‘m in the closet
I had [this] in mind, but you're probably right
The problem is that all the parties that focus on climate change are extremely opposed to nuclear reactors of any kind
That's not exactly something people are denying
The argument for longer terms is that it's more likely for the legislature to pass unpopular (but necessary) laws if they don't have to constantly think about reelection.
its the same in austria, i can basically forget going to university if my parents werent ready to support me which they thankfully are
Austria is a small country, so it's not easy for a filmmaker.
Also tbh the military is just ridiculous
It is just easier if you don't have to plan with other people in mind and find the right time and cinema
It's still in the Strafgesetzbuch
"] The song actually isn't that awful, mind you, especially considering that we've had much much worse ones since then
It's happened a few times that construction work had to be stopped because they dug up some old structures or artifacts that then needed to be evaluated by archeologists and historians
If you don't mind taking longer, there is a bus connection that's significantly cheaper.
> Also, it‘s considered formal wear and you can get into many balls wearing it
A day train starts at 19, a night train at 29 - a couchette starts at 39, I think - but at the same time you safe on a hostel.
That’s what happens when you back a proud, but humiliated people in a corner
>I can't think of any words in English though that sound the same but can be identified based on stress
Background
Where do you live
There's still chechen refugees in Austria to this day.
Auch diese Regel ist in der Praxis schnell umsetzbar
> Austrian Hangarian Empire
For comparison the "real" map, showing most of the rural areas voting for Hofer (blue), who lost, while Van der Bellen (green) won big in large cities and urban areas, including Vienna by almost 2/3.
3) in cities: if parking fees should be introduced and parking space managed/limited, or not (parking fees and city toll, bring it on baby
Agree
I just feel like they don't trust 18 year olds to be able to read
Thank you for your service
(Yes i know that you call vienna wieden but wieden is just one district)
It works better than before, but it would be nice if the reservation system would have sort of a checkbox system, if you are travelling with a kid etc
Normalerweise backt man ein Schnitzel auch schnell schwimmend im Fett raus, wenn man es mit paar Tropfen Öl für ne halbe Stunde in der Pfanne lässt wird es natürlich trocken.
Pretty much every Südtiroler I've met in the UNI Innsbruck isn't happy with being Italian, but then they also chose to study in Nordtirol, Austria, so that's probably connected.
Even during Waltz's Oscar speech, you could see how much Waltz thanked Tarantino, and Tarantino had praised Waltz in countless interviews.
Yeah, I'd say house parties exist, but clubs and bars are more common.
It used to be a school for the disabled until 2011 when the owner started to cause problems.
That is true, but it also happened a very long time ago.
Yeah, you're fucked
It feels unnatural and awkward when I'm speaking it.
For example, poor people in the US have it harder than poor people in most of Europe, since we have more safety nets.
I would be even more radical
Although city employees are decently paid AFAIK
Greekness wasnt tied to genetics and one genetic group until very late
Costa Rica felt surprisingly close in some aspects to Austria
This would violate every country's constitution I can think of.
Also, regional patriotism that has its roots in the napoleonic wars was pushed, especially by older teachers
Hi, thank you for your contribution, but this submission has been removed for editorialisation, because its title does not reflect the title or content of the link.
As an Austrian, I'm so happy I could cry.
When you want to live in a big European city come to Vienna.
Something like "Already surrounded by mountains and nothing better to do than staying down in that ravine and taking a shit".
I'd say the urinal etiquette is the same in Austria, unless there's like a queue already waiting
We have the first female chancellor in our history
Not "extended" ones
Going home after work I sometimes pass screaming and fighting, extremely drunk, drugged or otherwise crazy people, I'd say it happens about once or twice a week
Try our "Most" then, but it is probably too strong for you...
it's easier to just come to an ATM and take out smaller amounts
I mean alcohol is way more dangerous and my village would march against vienna if they would try to enforce some sort of alcohol ban so why not legalize canabis
well fair enough, so do people in most countries that take off their shoes inside
And that's clearly a lack of education, empathy and humanity.
Right
better not mess with them
You see the trains and trucks everywhere
-HC Strache
No because a sham is something intentional.
The only complication is that you have to keep this 49/12k part of the salary on a separate account for a year.
Ah okay
Hey, why is Austria not on the list?
You never know
Not as far as dry as the German humor, not as witty as British humor
From my limited experience I don't feel like doesn't help you at all
A minister is not directly elected by the people, so he doesn't care for votes
That's also why I said it is the prejudice
At the same time, modern politics and economics get way to complicated for them.
To be elected president you need to have the simple majority, so at least 50,1%. In the last election we had 5 (I believe) candidates so we had a first round of voting in which no candidate got the 50,1% so it got into another election where the top two candidates from the first election were against each other so one had to get the simple majority
So English is your language
It's barely over 1000m tall
You're not building something and hoping for a miracle.
We had that too for some years
Look at Argentina for an example of how economic politics with a crowbar work out in the long run.
Yeah back in the late 90ties going to Moravia, a mug of beer cost about an eighth of what it cost in Austria
And thats the stove for heating and cooking at the same time
You'd sneak through lavish balls and assassinate rich aristocrats and industry magnates, sabotage the construction of some nobleman's palais along the Ring avenue, blend into the crowd while eavesdropping on some artists or scientists debating in one of the coffee houses, visit doctor Freud's office and go riding through the green and hilly countryside around the city
Or is it an equally big pain in the ass all over Europe ?
This is an act of solidarity and not to show our identity.
People there ask for cigarettes, without saying "Bitte".
Italians tend to give less of a fuck
I can just tell you about my personal experience from about 80% of the house parties I attended: The host fills his bath tub with water and puts in a "base" amount of alcohol, like two trays of beer (2x24 cans) and the leftover alcohol from the last party
also we don't do much construction with drywall
[nah]
In the 60s there were even some [terrorist attacks]#Bombing_campaigns) by a secessionist movement, but
The only true island nations in Europe I can think of are Iceland and Malta
** one more shoe category
But people feel helpless and they fell enraged when they read about a teacher getting **beheaded** because he showed a picture and when people feel threatened with no help in sight then they will turn to extremes good or bad be damned
Sil Maria and Personal Shopper are insanely good films, but I think it doesn't have much to do with Switzerland at all
Also Traubisoda or Schartner Bombe
It would be just as dishonest and weird to claim any specific dialect as the "Austrian" way as it would be to use the Standard one
[He also took a photo with staff and some guests]
I would argue that Vorarlberg ist closer to Switzerland and Baden-Württemberg, and the rest of Austria is closer to Bavaria, since Bavarians after all are only lowland Austrians
After the second world war Greece began supporting Greek independence groups on the island and turkey did the same with Turkish groups only shortly after
Basically two regiments fought over some alcohol, someone thought there were turks, and all of them fled back to the main army
No, because the hayflick limit is not the limiting factor for human life.
the second one; the first one is a general phenomenon in all german speaking countries i think
Yeah thats because Russia just annexed a huge junk of territory from a sovereign fucking country.
At home it was legos or playing pokemon on my gameboy color
The guy who got completely wasted at the last Christmas party
I thought the polls were looking like she would win.
Came here to say this
It claims that the Austrians sent their supplies to the city of Karansebes while the cavalry should keep the Ottomans at bay
Dos Nutella
[The H&M on Graben is the fanciest H&M you'll ever see
It looks beautiful for a day and then it just sucks
Not their government and not everything they do, but they have a right to exist and it is important, that they do.
Thing is, he even speaks some half-decent Italian, so he isn't too touristy of a tourist
Sounds like something you'd expect to see from Nazi Germany.
There is yoga that is merely physical exercise.
yes, eastern european cities like Venice and Vienna aren't big tourist destinations.
Their upkeeping is rather costly, so I think it is fair to share the costs between church and country.
Oh, yeah
Seems terribly inconvenient, not to have that
Not common, but also not super rare
You mean actual mountains, not wine-hills
I thought the same, so I observed the surrounding car brands a little (im in a bus rn) and throughout all of innsbruck I hardly saw any Škodas and also didn't really see any car brands that were disproportionately popular
I‘m not sure tho, so it would be nice if another Austrian could confirm or deny that
But in my opinion the mentality of Austrians is very much still "monarchist", even if they don't consciously realize it
It's as safe a city as any
I am from Upper Austria and heard that song many times at public events
You only get visa free access for 90 in 180 days.
Absolutely nothing in Danish, Norwegian or Icelandic
Yeah, you with your damm ALDE flair ;)
Hmm
Most of the shows are sounding familiar but there weren't very popular here
Yes, I'm not a big fan of the voting system either, but we have something similar in the European parliament.
Once an old lady in Vienna asked me where I'm from and then she said "Ohhhh, Sie sind aus den Bundesländern" ("ohhh, you're from the districts") which felt like somebody from the capital of Panem said "oh, you're from one of our districts".
In the 14th century, Vienna prospered due to clever policies of [Rudolf IV] (Rudolf the Founder), among them the founding of the University of Vienna (1365), who in doing so tried to compete against the local importance of Prague
They have little in common with the FPÖ (the far right Austrian with all our Neonazis in it)
Yes, men are so equal that women can decide on men's bodies.
There is a quote from pope Pius 6
Please don't take offense to this, but if I had to choose probably Slovenia
At least these are the jokes I always hear from Germans
It’s a part of Germany where you travel through if you go from the state of Tyrol to the state of Salzburg
Just no tax benefits/pension tied to marriage at all.
With the PC, the easiest option is probably a financing option.
Both investor have apple stock worth $110 or 165€.
I love the thing with the nouns everyone mentions
I love hearing people speak in korean, it just has this melody to it that i like
Noice
Mead, sure
That being said I also know many nut-jobs from both deeply religious and atheist backgrounds
The Vatican cellars are sealed for a reason
Wennst ein Gebiet mit extrem hohem Wachstum in dein Staatsgebiet eingliederst, ist das original kein Argument für das niedrige Wachstum des Gesamtstaates.
You pay into a budget that also has things in it FOR YOU
the act maybe not, but the radicalization process was definitely supported by a lot of bearded men that don't belong in europe.
However, I don't agree with it.
look at the discussions under such posts on r/historymemes, the prime sub for armchair historians
But all in all not very well known outside of specialist circles
Also the reason why German-Nationalism was so popular after WWI was that Austria's economy was basically busted
Something like 98% of German war repetitions were paid by eastern Germany.
It's in my personal opinion and I mean this without any offense, the most elegant and melodic of the languages I've crossed paths with
Yeah sounds like you're on to something
Fight me
I am Austrian and many people here make fun of Burgenland, which is a state of Austria
You switched to metric fairly recently and people just keep using in everyday life what they've been used to.
Dude, you should have stopped going to the ladies room at the point you were using their sink as an urinal!
Also, that the empire was small
I see you avoided the part where Sin Fein is elected (in Northern Ireland) but does not take their seats
Schnitzel of course, or the smell of forest and mountain air
In NYC, where people are supposed to be the unfriendliest in the whole US
Exhibit C: Krampus
I get the feeling he just likes to talk a lot of shit.
So, back to the Habsburg Empire is what you are saying
as long the infected people are outside and doors well shut
Even worse is how they are ridiculing the victim
" is very important IMO
They di that where you live
I am
"Griaß di
Well is a [RT interview] an official setting
AFAIK mermaids have the same origin and they do basically the same, luring and seducing seaman to join them and then kill them
especially when driving the red goddess
Sure, there are differences in taste depending on brand, but while I like some less than others, I've never met a Leberkäse I didn't want to eat
by profit you mean they will get a slap on the wrist, and the whole thing repeats again.
We also have lots of 'false friends' between English and German, so words might ot be identic but since the pronunciation of certain words or phrases are the same it is easy to get the translation wrong
If Brexit didn't go through, you'd get kicked out of EU for this pun
Guess what people were saying about Bosnians a few years back...
I sat under them at school (while being in the tropics, mind you) and hated them
I think it's generic, inoffensive and boring
With the current conservatives I never have that feeling
Starting with a little chapel in romanic style built in 12th century, which became the center room of a bigger church in gotic style, when the village grew in 14th century, until both of those old buildings were integrated as a side wing of a bigger church in classic 18th century style, when it was renovated after the great turk war, when the church was partly burned down during a siege, which still can be seen.
Spoken like a true swamp German...
In my head canon, the sixth corner is the Île de France
>While it is perfectly fine to talk about the Nazi reign in Germany, saying sth like "if Hitler was in charge, the trains were on time
Women need toilet paper for more than that :)
We also read "Die Schachnovelle" (Hesse) and "Die Physiker" (Dürrenmatt)
Can i insult you and say that dutch is basicly a german dialekt
So let's call them Austrian born German/American politicians then, and not Austrian politicians because that's false.
There are positive and negative examples of this
I still hate it with a passion :D But I'm happy that there are some people who enjoy it
And small-scale fraud by a bank employee, lying to me about the conditions for some optional offer, to get me to sign it
*may or may not be completely void in 4 years
We already have had so much standardization in the education system
So the austro-bavarian dialekts get recognized as slavic dialekts and slovakia, czechia and poland are now north slavs instead of westslavs so that austria can become a westslavic nation
you have never been to eastern austria then.
The only thing that's really sure is that it was first officially mentioned as "the region that in the common(ers) language is called Osterrichi", with no further explanation (regarding what that word means, etymologically speaking) and that it is very likely (but not 100% for sure) an old Bavarian term
The alpine folk is a bit different than the rest, but I would guess the most difference would be how rural your place is.
Credit became unbelievably cheap and fuelled spending habits even more
I didn't know that thanks
I would say Vienna tries to hold up old standards with high culture such as museums, opera and theatre, but mainly for tourists
The problem is, those magazines used to be completely free to buy  and sell
An example that fits me personally: Chemistry
It's something many especially slightly older people don't even do consciously or with any kind of malicious intend but they sometimes are curious nor just don't know how to deal with being out of their comfort zone and experiencing someone 'different' and I know from some international friends that they at least at first feel/felt rather uncomfortable because of that
- Calling us [bigger, neighbouring nationality or people group that speaks the same or a similar language]
I think Germany has some good actors, but most of the series/movies have a boring plot (detective in a rural town style, there are 1000s of these)
December 25th is considered a holiday bur we don‘t do anything on it
Makes sense though
He did win with a much greater lead this time around though, so that's reassuring :)
- The [Kaplan turbine] was developed by an Austrian in Czechoslovakia
where this person would be denied to enter
000 votes ahead at the urns
Username checks out
You don't "push the surface down before the cut", the cut starts as soon as you touch the toppings
helped me a lot when learning Japanese, and equating some of their own modifier words with ours
Not so much an annual event per se, but also something with a kinda violent historical background
I think, that we're more European.
I'm going to have to break with the tradition of Brit bashing.
It's interesting to look at cases where people defended themselves
For me Germany feels like the  older brother, we look up to them and know everything about them but in the other way around the just think It the small brother they are just cute with their dialects and nice with the landscape but otherwise the don't know to much
Edit: And if you chop up Palatschinken to make soup with them they are called Frittaten all of a sudden, and the soup is called Frittaten-Suppe
It's like saying doggie instead of dog or ringlet instead of ring
Almdudler is a sweet carbonated soft drink made from herbal extracts
Exactly, that word however is also used everywhere in Austria, so depending where you are you'll be asked if you needed a Sackele, Sackl or Sackerl.
We're born with it
Lets hope this person moved to the Gadertal, apparently still more than 90% speak ladin there.
But it's a matter of training
Huh, I guess they haven't updated the English text [on this official website] in quite some time then
I werd di wegblosen so wias nu nia wer gseng hot.
How many millions of people did the US slaughter in the past
Id add Muttertag - Mothers day as a classic early 90ties example
Why do we have them then?" and is being trusted with the big red button to do with as he pleases, I have this feeling that his first big mistake might be something with really awful consequences for the rest of the world.
There is something nice about eating lunch at 3 and dinner at 10
By train: Nothing happens at all
Your first word to learn will be "Oachkatzlschwoaf".
To this day many important negotiations are held in vienna, like just recently represantatives of russia and the usa met in vienna to discuss a contract from the cold war which restricts the number of nuclear weapons in these countries
You would more likely be married off somewhere in the 22-27 range depending if your potential husband was able to establish his household
Dunno, I'd have to ask him
A good time to remember that you cant compare america to a deeply in europe invested austria
December 24th
It was replaced by Anstand (decency), Würde (dignity) and some other words
But if a ministry does use such an absurdly fine scale, it is obviously bound by it, duh
oh lol
That's not some long shot but that's going to happen within the next 20 years on an ever expanding scale.
Have they ever existed
That's just disgusting
But we have way "better" differences we can show north germany to annoy them
Generally never compare us with germany except if you are comparing us with something bavarian
Everybody disliked it at first because „oh my, **I** don‘t care if anybody around me smokes“ (not really caring about the kids 10 and below having to endure smokers blowing their smoke into their faces
Don't forget, size-wise it's more like me saying "I'm from Austria, it's a country in Europe". If you tell me that you are from Crook County I also wouldn't have any idea that that's in Wyoming or even in the US
A candidate for a small, local election had a steam account linked to his email where he played with nicknames as "Heinrich Gaserboy himmler" or "Adolf Hitler", used Himmler as his profile picture and was active in a steam group called Panzer division 57
Do you think Slovenia has a claim on Southern Carinthia in Austria?
Our oldest documented building in town was built sometime before 1164 and the oldest church, along with a castle were built in 1438
Maybe they had a few too many interwar fighters
You‘d rather shove Bavaria over to us lol
Das heißt 'Gib mir Lineal bitte
This is no way of talking about your democratically elected president and philanthrope Vladimir Putin
When it comes to universities
Maybe they see people in need and want to help them?
Current modern favs are CS:GO and TheHunter although EU4 is creeping up that list.
And that doesn't only concern biology teachers, but all teachers
They are apparently still hunted and eaten in parts of Slovenia and Croatia today
There's for one stereotypes
00% or so over the next 10 years
They have clue
Try to read a German textbook on a complicated matter
Wouldn´t it be more like the food truck across the street that EVERY employee just loves to go to and that then somehow thinks that he is working for the company too, because one tire of the food truck is actually on the company parking lot
ooh yes, wouldn't know what to do without Topfen
Why does Erdogsn have free speech rights in the EU?
>How do you feel about the return of the wolf
I use [the E1-Layout from 2018] and it has almost every Latin-based and Greek letter plus a few other symbols
Wow, did you guys really have to expose Helene Fischers most passionate fans like that
They are still projected to gain, so I'm not holding my breath
Yes to both, though for the eggs mainly because I don't have counter space so the fridge is just convenient for them to put away in ;)
[Some cups or plates from Gmundner Keramik]
At least the övp still pretends to have social ambitions
Exactly
Read the party line from the green party
have their own heraldic emblems
Territory: [South Tyrol]
No but the culture of slovenia is way closer to austria and bavaria then to the other ex yugoslavic countries
This worked for me in Spain - I called 911 in the hopes of getting someone new  who spoke English, as I do not speak Spanish
a super boring ballad
"\[...\]  to secure the deal recently promised by Trump and Ursula von der Leyen, the European Commission president
One more year unfortunately, then I can finally go and visit all those bars and cafés I couldn't go to so far, leave money there and prove the whiny restaurant owners that got us into this mess wrong...
In my girlfriend's very very abertzale village a lot of people do that
Also, not even high school kids need to be in class after 4pm
I thought, that there is no good beer in southern countries
The biggest austrian newspaper, the "Kronen Zeitung", calls the syrian government a regime all the time ( as far as I know)
And with some rifles
Thanks to Slovakia for having your captial city being so close to Vienna and being so easy to visit and hang out in
I am always  happy when a German who lived here for some time adopts the essential phrase " es geht sich nicht aus" I don't know how you can live without it
They are hooligans all have far right views (not directly nazi, just far right) but its not rare to also come across nazi/skinhead in their fanbase.
Although I probably can't hold a real conversation nowadays.
(Or maybe just throw the eagle out as a whole)
I know
How does this even remotely qualify as a monopoly?
He was also of noble blood whereas Roosevelt and Stalin were of common peasant background (yes, the Roosevelt family was rich, but they still had not a drop of blue blood in their bodies
How is the current situation in Poland?
Aufschneider (2010 tv film)
At least in Italy, they forbade doing this
no, Vorarlberg is one of the wealthier and most beautiful areas
The German words for healing, holy and the homonymous adjective (which means safe, unhurt or "in one piece" for objects) are derived from it
Which is a different issue as it is taxpayer's money
I would argue that a smaller area is also much more manageable, and rules can be enforced more strictly and permanently.
[Alfred Redl] I guess
Even when you don’t have any kids your own, you just have to recognize that
(also known as German QWERTZ)
And what Uber does (Scheinselbstständigkeit) is in fact against the law in Austria, it's just that nobody sued them for it yet
[Bauernkrapfen]
My gf's almost 90 year old great uncle lives almost like hermit, in the Pyrenees
You're also home to my favourite racetrack Spa-Francorchamps and of course the best chips
I bet lots of Germans and Austrians of my generation (early 90s) know exactly what I mean with this feeling
this time it will work for sure
I'd say there is one exception to this rule: Cold Schnitzel on the day after.
I wouldn't say that Austria is special because that would be arrogant.
I guess some high speed routes could widen this to some degree, but I'm not sure if getting from Vienna to e.g. Lisbon for let's say ~200€ in current purchasing power in one night by train is realistic any time soon
Could get a map of Austria and throw darts at it and you're bound to hit a beautiful building in the nearby of where it lands.
// Also it should be noted that a good percentage of Austrians live in Vienna
"Sou you're basically german right
* wand (Wand = wall)
It was planned to reintroduce face mask requirements on Sunday, but either Kurz is against it or, worse, he just wants to be at the press conference personally announcing it
Every person injured or dead is one too much, just to be clearl
What are your similar stories
As strange as it may sound, austria isn't just one big mountain as some seem to think
Edit: or go there, at least
Edit: I just now noticed you said „relax and enjoy“ at the end
mal, leicht, gar, denn, ...
Yeah Romy Schneider looks great in it
Looks like Neuland to me
I'm serious, look it up (if you know Spanish you might be aware of that, but it was a huge surprise for me)
Or taking a walk in the snow
If I speak the original language then I will play it in that language
But you probably only visited the touristic highlights and not the less fancy districts where immigrants live.
Since my work has quite cheap but good food for very little (€3-4/meal) I get away with spending less than €150/month
And just like that is illegal now, abusing your workers should be illegal as wiell
....and somebody could see some similarity to the situation then and now
(In other words, there are a few words that are used for the same object, depending on where in Austria or Germany you are, and of course, the other one is WRONG and they should start learning the proper word for it)
And politicians are just being polite
I wouldn't even fault them for taking that angle if they had sourced it better.
Manuel get down here right now
Less than 2m distance
>Its in German and i wouldn't blame you if you couldn't tell
Even if they do not get the leave, it gives you to think over how that affects their performance.
To my knowledge, wel just means good
Friend works at McD's, I asked.
Meh
My favourites are the Attersee and the Wolfgangsee!
Andritz is huge and mostly unknown too
Maybe they shouldn't have tried so hard killing off Opel a few years ago and shoving Chevys up our asses
This laws usually don't apply to age.
...i‘ll show myself out
Public transport and petrol are the two things
Extrawurst is baloney in English (more or less)
So basically Alexander Gauland
How is „szajs“ - pronounced ? Cause in Vienna we have „schas“ - which means „fart“ or something is shitty
That's about all I can think of to see directly in the Hofburg - you can also just walk through the courtyards.
Same
Edit: It is true that after WW1 a majority of people living in the new state auf Austria were in favor of joining Germany
Was perfect for go there after work when I still lived at my parents place or visit my parents and then go there.
" Noooo please no
The two biggest are probably whether potato salad should or should not contain mayonnaise (and of course it shouldn't, anyone who thinks differently should have their taste buds and/or mental state examined) and whether potato dumplings or bread dumplings are superior (and again, the answer is obvious since bread dumplings are far better at soaking up sauces and don't taste like rubber)
University is mostly a place for studying, and all social debates happen elsewhere, either in the political parties, TV debate shows, or maybe some NGO/activist groups.
Wels is like Linz without the good looking parts
As a parent I can confirm that kids are indeed pretty fucking stupid.
*Es lebe der Zentralfriedhof...
all the time, but I'm a man
Das Recht muss der Politik folgen (the law must follow politics)
Agreed, however wenn talking about the people, saying "die Briten" is more common than "die Engländer" - probably because it is shorter.
I remember looking for salt and there was like two meters of aisle full of different types of salt, I just wanted simple salt damint
However, even as an atheist(not on paper though) I have had mostly good experience with those lessons because I've always had good teachers
Oh the pain ... here you can get [potato dough powder] in any supermarket where you just add water
I wonder how much of that is directly related to what people read on social media – and I wonder how much *that* is related to Russian propaganda activities
So yeah, definitely enough to get by I would say
france vs africa
Hi, thank you for your contribution, but this submission has been removed because it is not on-topic for this subreddit.
They are just terrible
I wondered why don't all the migrants just take a plane, legally, with their international passports, **visas** and other documents, and land wherever they want
That's our word in the Standard language.
Luxembourgish: A bit less than those maybe, but still understood it pretty well
And have another beer with it
Yes he does
Hascheeknödel are dumplings filled with ground sausage, Grammeln (so dumplings filled with is) are some sort of roasted pork belly fat (I cant't exactly describe it) that is a little bit crunchy and very tasty
Also the [Lassing mining disaster]
I can smell this picture
It's basically pancakes stacked on top of each other with ketchup and meat (not like, steak, but "minced" meat, had to google what it's in english) between the pancakes
* Keeping a big eye out on the people that where released after "not beeing" radical anymore
In the Kannada-language version (language from India) she teaches Hindi
Whereas Catalan is "merely" a regional language
abusive relationship type of thing.
You can't have political discourse if neither side accepts that there are differences of oppinion and a differences of interests
Toni Erdmann (2016 film)
Shh
The historical background of Southern Europe is a late or non-existent phase of industrialisation
Hahaha
You use a long pair of scissors and gently slide under the pizza while holding the scissor almost vertically
You want that doctors have open on sundays so that its more convenient for you, why should they sacrifice their sunday if you don't want to, same with all the other services that are open on Sunday
While I’m sure the guy did some outstanding deeds at the time, he was by far not as potent as Romanian historiography still claims he was
You‘re 100% right
It isn't that in-depth since it's a wide topic and elementary school but usually quite interesting and done with many excursions.
You might meet lots of older people working too fast for them to put it away, i assume
We have a federal system in Austria and usually that's all being handled on the local level but if it is a site of historic significance the federal government is responsible and the house has been private property and had to be seized from the owner before they could do anything with it.
Well, not agreeing with the lesbian sex appeal argument, but other than that I see your point.
If I had to explain it, I'd say that being a bit late can feel like the more *dignified* thing to do
Are you going to acknowledge that
Not because what I just said above but because of the distribution the vote showed
Many shops and whatnot are missing, and street view simply doesn't exist
People need to stop expecting these kinds of things to be absolutely perfect
And (SI-)Units, understand the unit, know the unit, breath the unit.
Yes, that's something I try to do, but it usually takes me to long to realise, that she is almost running because of me
I remember Jeannie in "I dream of Jeannie" use it once lol
Depends on the company
but in my experience NA Anglos often try to be friendly by being open and jovial, and while that alone can sometimes be good or a bit much depending on person and situation, having it combined here with a situation where it would probably be better to act a bit
My Balkan colleagues agree with you
Every town and village has its own tradition
The legal market feeds the illegal one.
What are these fucking protests even about
Eisenstadt and especially St
But i do appreciate my cheese slicer
I guess you're right, but it looks like if you just stop the killing for some time, people start being ok with it.
he lived his Life in the Austrian Corelands, that Area that goes on to Form the Nation of Austria
When they were done with US citizens, they closed all counters except for 4
The second part is a very subjective thing
Thats far from an official name of the country itself
The death if the public figure itself wasn't unique to my country, nor was the program that was interrupted for it
Anyone interested in local meetups?
> Aprikosen
Leberkassemmerl ftw
This isn't that big of a deal
* [Prehistoric pile dwellings around the Alps]
no problem, but to me it's kind of important to remind people that there a female people on reddit, too.
Just earning more money is not always a motivation for migration, Hungary might be "good enough".
Edit: I went to a "Gymnasium" and then a "HTL", just in case this makes a difference
Düsseldorf - retard village (kinda)
Also the way the president gets elected
Burgenland means "castle land/country", but the castle it refers too are nowadays not in Burgenland anymore, but in Hungary and Slovakia (depends what you count, it was first named "four castle country" but after Pressburg (Bratislava) became a part of Czechoslovakia, it was renamed to castle country refering to 3 castles which stayed in Hungary when part of it became Austrian)
I think the old official name was Marburg an der Drau
People were advicd to boil the water before use
Or Handy
So we still don't have access to the ocean AND lose our mountains too
Hope you're doing well and that you guys can find some peace and safety
They should manage that
It's called Das Fest des Huhnes (Festival of the Chicken)
That hurt a little bit to be honest
A 18 year old from my country was charged for having consensual sex with a 17 year old girl in the US
Still was a weird feeling though but nevertheless beautiful
I don't know which is which and I refuse to look it up, but I do remember it was totally counter-intuitive to me
Germans are generally seen as more arrogant and brash, doesn't help that high german is a rather hard language, compared to the dialects spoken in Austria
* Der Gefangene floh
But I had to assemble it at home as it came in parts
> history is brown
The incident escalated to the point where the whole army retreated from the imaginary enemy, and Holy Roman Emperor Joseph II was pushed off his horse into a small creek
The millions refers to german refugees after the war.
Eat while still hot but not too hot because the apricots will burn the roof of your mouth off
In my Austrian dialect (west Austria) it’s something like „huma“ which is also quite soft
All this during a foggy night combined with the crosses of the dead was pretty creepy
Really
[Des is die nächste depperte Frog!]
in most apartment buildings people have their own washing machine, not all though
It took a nudge of just a few percentage points in each case to achieve victory.
So: are fruit filled dumplings "a thing" elsewhere
Eh, at least it's a great backdrop for [reverse graffiti]
One was at the western front and later POW under the British
A democracy that weighs the votes of people differently depending on where they live is not a democracy.
It is still used in newspapers for example.
Iraq had almost daily bombings a decade or so ago
The difference between Schnitzel in Germany and Schnitzel in civilised countries
Historians almost universally loathed it
[Austro-Bavarian German and Swiss German]
And for the non-native option, we do have a bunch of ostrich farms in Austria, if you want to classify those as poultry
Butter + soy sauce is an awesome flavour combination, by the way
Definitely not fusion reactors, only fission ones
You've forgotten the most importent one, [the Döner]
I once forgot my money at the ATM
because we were going to all work together to make life better for each other
Now if you tell me the people in London on average come closest to speaking 'BBC English' then it's pretty much the same
I will never not watch the whole thing
= I don't know what to say
Honestly i just gave random video that i searched in 5 seconds, the point is important.
The Flying Bulls have quite a few former weapons of war in their inventory:
do you actually speak standard german
I'm sure there were a lot of people who really didn't have a choice but to play along but on the other hand, looking at [pictures of the crowds] on the Heldenplatz for Hitlers first speech tells a story on its own
I already heard that "Servus" is a really formal greeting in the countries where it's still understood.
So that one is only partially on us I suppose
If you condemn Populist voters as idiots / fascists / etc.
On the air quality note, my city actually has quite decent air quality for a city with a population >1m. That is thanks to a wind constantly blowing from the west to the east
If all members decide that something should happen it will happen.
Riot put out an official statement that they do not care wheter the casters call them HKA or Hong Kong Attitude
Slovenia|Hungary|Czechia|Slovakia: honestly, since we share so much of our history with them as one people, they seem so similar to us that i can only say, it's a bit like home (and reminds me of all things good
>Are there different track gauges though
The green party candidate (though techically independent) Alexander van der Bellen is standing for an inclusive society, with equal rights for LGBT, women, minorities etc.
Over the course of the last months I've seen almost all of us complain about our bureaucracy at some point.
I don't think it's available for streaming anywhere
Every guest would then bring something along with them as they arrive, be it beer in cans, bottles of wine or something like vodka/gin/schnaps
South-Eastern Austria here, last year in November we had record-breaking snowfall here
Where I live there was like a centimeter snow that was gone after the day and the rest of the days it feels like spring
You are supposed to make eye contact while you are saying "Cheers" (or whatever)
Well, in a way they do, it's just called Swiss german
I feel deeply sorry for him as it sounds like he had a similarly painful experience, haha
But in the city, not as much as it used to
There are schools for e.g. building technics, for Fashion and Design and so on
English isn‘t an option here, it’s one if the main subjects every single school no matter what and every class has
And that we are grumpy, but I think this is more a stereotype within Austria.
The EU with its 28 member states has over 500 million inhabitants, and we are on the smallest continent of the world.
Enough is enough
oh wow that's funny to read
Die mag ich ehrlich gesagt auch nicht so sehr
Also, the flowers are really pretty
paris, but i feel like rn (summer) isnt the best time to go there
Lets have one bus for men and one for women.
It means something like "We finish up in time".
Y'all make enough money
It's smelly, the traffic is whack and it's just not as special as it's always portrayed
Nothing i saw in France came close for me except maybe Dijon-Prenois, if for completely different reasons :))
But since the perception of your opposite is already that they **are**, you can certainly comment, but all comments will fall on deaf ears
Basically it's now forbidden to leave the country (I don't even know if that's legal), no holidays, and extra shifts
Btw merry christmas in advance to anybody reading this
I'm not sure if you seriously don't know that there is a big difference between the two examples you gave.
Andritz is big in powerplant business, from turbines and generators
After having been recaptured from the Magyars in 955, it was ruled by a certain margrave Burkhard
Killing
I like those coins
Nua wia ma kunstvui a 'Oida' anwendt
The first two Anno Games and Ori
what song in your own language gives you goosebumps or makes you feel proud?
People who lived through WW2 and the following occupation always told me that gaining independence was the best thing that could have happend
2 things i take away from here:
I dont know - I am from Southern Styria and feel no connection whatsoever to Bavaria
No way of telling without knowing both sides of the story
But overall I have very few complains, and it is definitely preferable to the alternative
So I re-watched the scene on [YouTube]
I had to google that myself, and I just learned *Anna Fenninger* is now called *Anna Veith* (got married in April).
I see, the numbers aren't that high - In Austria we had 90,000 asylum applications in the year 2015 alone, and even more people traveling through towards the north as long as Germany had its border open.
Do *former* heads of government count?
She does Indie Pop, her album Green Flash is amazing and her voice is really special
Und saufts ned zwenig
I must be out of the loop on this one
So all their words individually might be "right", but when you string them together into speech something's off
:O How could I not think of Tom Turbo ...
The regular-Josef supporters: most probably became Nazis, otherwise arranged themselves with the new regime, or just shut up about it
I'd say that among some groups, flounting your material wealth is kind of looked down upon, while going the hipster/eco-friendly/beige jute bag route is seen as more favorable (among educated people)
Really
Stop reminding me
Btw, I much prefer watching this concert on tv - relaxed, while having breakfast
It is in Austria
Any party that provokes reelections gets soundly blown out on the day of decision
There's a big banner saying "Jesus loves you
In the city 50sqm
>Is this generation obsession an American thing
iE Singular/Plural and form of file
Haven't been there since the birth of my daughter 3 years ago, but cancelling it *now* during Covid would feel mean
Lol
I am pretty sure the penal system of those countries haven't been the reason why the DHS put them on the list though.
Doesn't change the fact that FGM is far more horrible
How is that complicated
Only then did they start bargaining for the price of the crafts, while also selling the Germans a different, worse wine that the one they agreed upon tasting, without them noticing until they got back home
Sounds similar like the cigarettes here
The only exception is that I know no good translation of the word "Datenträger", so I use that as a loanword in code (as "datentraeger")
Every fucking thread, all the fucking time it's exactly this shit
Here's a list of how Austrian have voted:
It is open on the bottom
org or dict
Of course they do, without the Americans they would speak German today!
And the spirits are called Wuzelen (little ones) here.
FPÖ | 0 | 0 | **4**
hook
There's no reason to ever want ottakringer.
Also snow in cities becomes dirty and ugly really fast
" which is a very chilean way to say that you are from chile
I am in favor of it, but under 2 conditions:
Isn't that a legit question
it was more popular in the past, I can remember the "Kinderfreunde" always had adds for their camps in the alps
Oh and finally, would it make sense to carry decoy wallets with less cash/cards in them
There was(I think it doesn't exist anymore) a product line for italian food that was called de spar
I've got a paid account
> Welsch-Bern is old German name for Verona
Shouldn't have been surprised though
I live in Kärnten,Villach and have never notices a bad road in my life
Wanna bet that when it comes to implementing the local laws we'll hear a lot of "we're so sorry, we really didn't want this, it's the big, bad EU that forces us to do this"?
Chains are made for a short emergency
>With older brother I meant that Germany is bigger and it's economy is superior than Austria's.
You can honestly wear it almost anywhere, it‘s that weird thing between formal clothing but not formal enough to be considered weird if you wear it on a normal day
Apart from tasting a bit of beer & wine as a child, first time really getting drunk was with 13, with Tequila.
Even when they aren't about to do that
> 20 minutes to the city
The son of the current owner does ongoing Renovations currently
How am I not arguing in favour of the children's best interests?
In Austria, it's an "Ausschankverbot". Basically, adults are not allowed to give alcohol to people under the drinking age
Most just have two holes
I am guessing you were in Bleiburg
Honestly  i hate the self-locking ones
From the russian point of view he tries to destabilize the government with fabricated stories about an assassination (honestly, that phonecall was too much
Standard German itself doesn't have any that I could think of right now
For emergencies of course everything goes, but you better have a good explanation.
The best we get is Schwarzenegger.
Also because it's the flattest region of Austria
The Bereaved sue the farmer
One Thing that has really become apparent is how different our news sources are
Probably, since the german word for lame is "lahm" (lamb would be "Lamm").
And the SPAs
Well it‘s none of their business and they don‘t bother me with religious stuff anyway
This is also true for the first two things on the list:
Norwegian is quite nice actually but has imo the same problem as many sequels in movies
What is it you don't understand
In Vienna they use the waste heat from garbage incineration for example.
It's a traditional meal after skiing
ever heard of sarcasm being a kind of humor
We have a Dutch football trainer in Austria, Frenkie Schinkels, and he has quite the accent
Yeah, it's just weird that for example the Austrian flag they oh so rebelliously display would actually cause issues with Austrians too...
About an hour
That really depends on the area of studies though
So basically middle aged Austrians ;)
*Mountains* not hills, thank you very much.
Long live the EU, long live the cohesion policy.
Hiatza grod während du mit mir so deppat umanadaredst hul i schu meine Komarodn vom Blosmusiverein, und dei IP wird grod im moment zruckverfulgt, olso richt di schuamol her, wal wir richtn da di Wadln glei, du blede sau.
Grzegorz Brzęczyszczykiewicz, along with his wife, a Constantinopolitan woman, sells tables with broken legs
Oh boy, we have a lot of unknown companies in Austria that are actually pretty big in their sector
"Ich komme" is valid Austrian German
Mit der dritten Regel wird der Umlaut ü durch eine Kombination zweier Vokale ersetzt
The only ones I've ever seen are from our local cult of crazy, founded by American "missionaries". Sadly, my parents were members and I had to grow up with that shit
Disney tends to leave out all the good parts
They are rather split on migration though
I'll admit that the Harry Potter studio maybe isn't the most unusual place but it was still nice meeting someone in Great Britain who's also from Austria
Imagine creating a Union and not even join it
We're growing closer together, yes.
Oh I misunderstood then, sorry
Nice to hear that there are still places where it is spoken.
My father still thinks his beloved Seiko watches are a German brand, with their 'great unmatched German engineering'.
Last time I've been to Vienna I was shocked to see that nearly no one was speaking Viennese and was rather speaking standard German with an accent.
as an austrian, i always had the european identity in me, considering how important it was for austria through its whole history
*esta viejo y podrido
There's no need to "remove" anything, because there's no maximum of EU languages
Why is there a EU flag in the banner?
DDr
There wasn't a large burgher class nor were there any really big cities beside Thessalonica, which wasn't conquered until the 1890s. Athens at the time of Greek independence in 1830 had 4000 population
That's just outright evil
"Egal wie gut du fährst, Züge fahren güter."
Interior Minister is just being interviewed and he confirmed it is a terror attack with multiple attackers and multiple people dead already
I don't know a lot about it
A 1000 Schilling bill was blue(ish)
Heutzutage ist die Situation anders und kein Österreicher will mehr zu Deutschland gehören, bis auf Angehörige rechter Gruppierungen und ja, heutzutage ist einen Österreicher Deutschen zu nennen eine Beleidigung.
(because of the second verse which starts with:
Shall I go on
the Carinthian system pays less than the Styrian system...
Haha, the Luxemburger community in Vienna is awesome
That stereotype was like 20 years ago at this point
Depends on a branch and people
In my opinion, you can't be proud to be born in a certain place, you can only consider yourself lucky.
Beuschl (a stew made from innards) is absolutely vile
Not to mention the several attacks that were prevented by police.
So the overall market share isn't really that high
&#x200B;
As far as it is known to the public, there has never been a closer investigation if the Daesh agent had instructed the attack driver.
It has a great flow to it and it's very effective
well that may be easy in your country
You can get away with saying some very, very nasty stuff about Germans, yes.
People here tend to say St
German is a formal language and Austrians are really obsessed with titles
I actively looked for spots in non-airfanned corners
Nah, also Skis just like Norway
The Netherlands
Cannewood it is then, or Forêt Canne or something similar
This only works for regions like yours because there it is the standard to speak more than one language
Certain people are pissed at their oh so miserable life's and that the government can't give out 70's-style freebies anymore.
Absolutely
> Austria is basically Germany
My point is enough with gender politics, Europe needs strong anti-immigration, pro economy politicians.
All true, but that are just the base stats.
We learn both but it depends on the school on when you learn which
I don't need to switch lines on any of them so that's super convenient, but I need to walk much more for reaching the tram (which doesn't bother me much, at least not in summer)
But, for the rest of winter we had almost no snow at all
It's also not clear whether the figures are accurate, as the US has not been administering as many tests as other countries
Oh you are lucky that you never had an argument over the gender of Nutella
I think that's why people are still salty
it will be our launching pad for a universal, mostly english focused language
yeah used to be a thing, don't think carp is still very popular though
In theory it's still open, this is just the first projection at about 60% of votes counted, without postal ballots.
The hell is goalball
Do you tip in Swedish restaurants?
Oh [you barely notice them]
What savage walks over red
Teachers are the product of universities of which (especially in social studies) the vast majority is very far to the left.
Sometimes I see a well dressed Italian, nice suit and everything, cool glasses, but then he wears like, neon-green gucci-shoes or shit like that
Linguists still aren't sure what kind of language they use
you guys are only joking
Imo this only applies to numbers you don't know/recognize or people you are not on a first name basis with
I.e. K.u.k. Monarchie for the monarchy itself, or K.u.k. Hoflieferant for companies that were chosen to deliver to the royal court (which was a huge badge of honour and proof of quality)
My mom taught me that one
End of May = End of May
I wonder how much damage the Netherlands have done to other EU member states with their tax avoidance schemes
You simplified it
I heard Sardinian is the closest language to spoken Latin
zzzzz
> Seriously people I'm just a fan of /r/vexillology, not a nazi
So basically they practiced make love not war, before it was cool and more successful
Instead of Insel they (sometimes/often) use Inselen
The path is also made of light grey gravel, and not red dirt
Millennials are those born between 1980 and 1999, those who spend most of their adolescence after...
The lists of nations we got as answers: norway, nederlands, belgium, luxenbourg, poland, hungary (was the most common answer), switzerland, bosnia, slovenia, belarus, ukraine,(estonia,latvia,lithuania,kaliningrad (this 4 were one guy who was 100% shure that we are trolling him that it isn't one of them, espessially when we said "no thats russia" when he pointed at kaliningrad)) and tunis (north africa was also shown on the map)
I dont See a problem with it either
No, no limits, we'll reach for the sky
If I may ask, social role in what sense
We have quite varied accents and dialects (yet always intelligible), but they’re almost never used in media, since it’s traditionally considered low-class/peasantly to use anything else than the literary language
So all their words individually might be "right", but when you string them together into speech something's off
PISS, amazing name for a nazi team
We don’t like our dictator, nice try
Bread, butter and jam are considered as normal
Really depends
Oh, here something very Austrian/Bavarian:
If its snowy I will take different shoes, if its raining I take a rain jacket
I’ve had KFC in Romania, Austria, Germany, Czechia and Slovakia (haven’t been to Poland yet, nor to the US)
* the possibility to close mosques
it will always be Vienna
Now that's comparing apples to oranges
if things are really big, nothing beats renting a dedicated car
I wouldn‘t move to another country just from my free will
* Because the US is a close ally, both economically and militarily (NATO).
Well of course, as every system could be
Then as not every was always kind in the last year, the krampus are allowed to enter(this depends on the house owner, some just let one in others none and others all)
If the thing you believe in is outlawed then it just might be that you deserve some punches, the same as a robber or a thief deserves it
> My personal favorite is a collection of photos by Bruno Barbey that shows Poland during the 80s. My heart clenches everytime I see the photo of the grandma at Auschwitz gates
it is in fact still the same conflict, it was just paused because of Soviet Occupation
Overall we have many dialects, I looked up how many and according to YouTube videos too many to even count them
Austria = Eastrealm
Not to self: Don't trust that french guy on Reddit about food
I just read how Sweden knocked Denmark-Norway out within a year and only through the bloodthirst and hubris of Karl XII's defeat at Poltawa was Denmark brave enough to reenter the war
Beautifully said
With the dead Minister of War hanging from a lantern post
Viele der grossen US UNis verwenden gmail
Haha, maybe this is the last big mystery that language beholds for me :D
Counties nobody cares about: nö, oö
I mean it is good that religous organisations are doing this, but they are not the only ones capable of doing such services.
Cancelled
Yeah, Hofer has pretty much moderated so much on the EU
If it's any comfort, they normally don't stay bright very long
Ich glaub du hast ein bisschen zu viel Curry auf deiner Wurst gehabt
My dialect is way too far gone to even consider calling a handy/smartphone "Telefon" non-sarcastically
I'd rather buy something that is measured out to be the amount you need for a portion than throwing away stuff I don't need
Scrolling through the programmes I was impressed when I found them showing Black-Ish on a Saturday, as that's the newest series I found
Confirmed cases are not infections
I think by now it feels really wrong if you are, and I'm glad we're not.
Correct me if I‘m wrong:
Afrikaans: Also understood a lot of this, similar to the former two/three
Nazi gold!^Aaaaand ^it's ^Godwin's ^law ^all ^over ^again...damn!
A working fusion reactor
Punishment includes heightened prices in Apres Ski tents.
In case someone is curious, the worst thing is to put sauce on your schnitzel
In the end it boils down to a case by case decission by a judge
They could have made them French at least, that would have made more sense
>\[...\]  to secure the deal recently promised by Trump and Ursula von der Leyen, the European Commission president
Also isn't an appropriated version of "Gott erhalte Franz den Kaiser".
This is no joking matter
Hab in Wien a nu koane guadn gfundn
I think only the Bundesländer at the border can identify that much with Bavaria
The only right they don’t and can’t have is to live in Hungary right where they are
I'm in
yeah but it's dependent on the priest, some are more liberal some more conservative.
Qatar 2022 is that tipping point for me
In Dublin I had the worst tap water ever,
Firebrigade, Police etc
an hair dressers
Lots
And then I wouldn't call it hate or dislike either
Especially when it comes to both thinking their shit smells good and that they are ‘better’ than everyone else (although Americans are still much worse in that regard)
This is all just personal experience from discussing this with Germans
I adore the plot of Les Miserables, having seen different movie adaptations and the musical countless of times, but I just can't get through that brick of a book no matter how many times I try :(
That stuff holds months, if not over a year if you store it right
I loved the story with the thumbsucker
Made inquiries about chemtrails in parliament
They are already big in Austria (which is a reason why we are also fat) but it is no comparison
The latter bears this name, because it's in Favoriten, where all the "Ziegelbehm" lived, i.e. all the Czech immigrants who came to work in the Viennese brick making industry in the 19th century
I'd be a farmer
The one thing we don't get around here are circular teabags, and those huge 100 bag boxes
He had the opinion that German "Elf(e)" is a loanword from English "elf", while "Elb" is closer to the "original" Germanic "Alb" (e.g. Albtraum), which makes it sound more authentic in German
This doesn't really matter much anymore today, but in the past, this should have made a big difference, considering catholics grew up with a dogma of "life is suffering, salvation comes after death".
I have a friend who lives 15 minutes away and she doesn’t even know some words I use lmao
This is the real unpopular opinion here
French is 100% Nr.1, closely followed by the southern european languages.
I haven’t married nor have I ever been to a wedding, but I think I know the concept of bride stealing - if somebody knows better feel free to correct me
Nope, we say "das 17
I really enjoyed the Van Gogh Museum in Amsterdam.
Well, is this post about present day borders, or about any historical borders that include ones country
*But* since that's not acceptable, we just have to force them to act according to our values, whether they want to or not
Those two and English + Scots and derivates are usually grouped together as "North Sea Germanic".
Here in Austria, we have quite a noteworthy Romanian community (around 80000)
[Did we just find Jan Böhmermann's account
>Are you drunk
when people think of the US pre-WW1 it's not exactly because of intellectual or economic achievements.
It depends from which part of Austria you are from
It is just like yes I know where you are from
You gotta tackle the problem at its root
true
It's our privilege
I think German astronaut Alexander Gerst jamming with Kraftwerk was pretty cool
There was an ad about a hotel room with labels on everything, saying stuff like "EU has regulations on pillow size" and "EU has limited the number of threads in the linens" and "EU limits the number of curtains"... etc
To be fair, Vienna is probably the most interesting vacation spot in the country
it's not "fun", and doesn't improve my or his day or our transaction in any way
The involvement in the war itself is universally seen as bad though, there's no real argument about that
Especially the that town wich didn't give a damn that they actually are near the Italian border
Everyone is on the same page, really
>And Americans aren't the only ones using that terminology
* [The Hofburg] (the former home of the Habsburg family, currently our president lives there and all of our political debates are in it, but it‘s also classified as a museum)
Oh yeah, coffee is gross too lol
>All the cashmoney in my wallet after I return from holiday
Besides the joking about "Happy Ends", no, not really.
I always thought it was Italian tbh, because their selection of goods seems very italocentric
Those who go to English medium schools have to learn Welsh pretty much from the start of education until the age of 16 but many leave still not being able to speak anything beyond the very basics
Interesting that the luxembourgish word for Berg is Biech.
It’s suppose to be an Austrian dialect of German (which I speak) but it’s nothing like it
>šajtrga (Scheibtruhe : samokolnica)
Just a guess though :)
Geographically speaking, Finland is not located on the Scandinavian Peninsula
I mean i didn't expect rural Anatolia to be doing swimmingly, but Istanbul I expected to be yellow or even blue
Remember the time back in 2012 when a small island of Greece wanted to become a part of Austria
It's not that I don't like to go there
Francos Spain ironically enough fell so fast because the monarch Franco wanted on the throne also supported a democratic spain and made full efforts to transition to democracy asap
Nobody fought the Turks in the mountains
I know it's a shame
Normally you set up a hypothesis, measure it and then evaluate your results.
At this point I can speak English better than German and usually use Denglisch (German + English) when texting or speaking
Well done
Local stuff is always (much) cheaper than imports.
> In May 1915, Italy attacked Austria–Hungary
The truckload of babies is easier to unload with pitchforks
I suppose I'm inclined to believe you but a single picture is a pretty bad reference to base such an extreme statement on
That cant be the reason, We are Team Catholic since the release and we still have tons of folklore including the mentioned "Wasserman".
Dear americans
Don't forget Frank stronach, who suggested reestablish it in 2013, when he campaigned for national elections
- the dead terrorist has been identified, ~15 house searchings happend 2 or 3h ago, few more people arrested during this house searchings
Frankfurt was definitely scary though
I live in Styria and I am in my mid-thirties, so I know lots of families too
Other Grandfather was only 12 when the War ended, had to hold some russian Soldiers at gunpoint who tried to rape his sister though
After the German Jewish comitee complained they removed the ad
Clarification since my reply got accidentely deleted below
Your racing drivers are unbelievable
Austrian here - short update 10:40
The USA just doesn't have that kind of laid-back, chilled image of Australia or NZ
That includes bystanders who just let it happen.
He could have tried to save the peace process with PKK instead of escalating, he could have tried acting against ISIS earlier, he could have not pissed the west off, he could have not pissed Russia off, he could have not seized so many businessnes over the coup.
I think it may be related to German "schwindeln" which means to cheat
You're way better off with America than China in the long run
> Are there occasional controls / roadblocks
Tenses are the most difficult aspect for me as well since we basically only use 2,3 tenses in German.
It took forever
You would just need to go through security check again.
How is he not in some kind of mental home?
Austrian (watching German TV channels) : I was born in 1981 and grew up with *lots* of American shows.
I would say in theory with a bit of a smaller apartment and more frugal lifestyle, 1k would be possible
Tja
The south was US occupied
(I don't remember the rest)
Except a ton of them are scammers :D
The chancellor of course is the head of government
I am not sure if this is a good option.
What else are you going to look at tho
Everybody I ever met from Bonn seemed to have a chip on his shoulder regarding his hometown.
It's hard not to love that one, it's just so legendary
Never seen one
70€ a year for students with a valid student id
We went past a school and it seemed like PE class was held outside (it was something like -5 or -10°)
And they will use this to pressure the europeans to do not execute any cuts.
I've never seen a Kfc in Austria
I hope his star burns bright and exhausts itself fast like Haiders
Nobody is advocating for the break up of the UK - or for a blockade of Gibraltar
Austrians just don't like frivolous elections
Because thats the tradeoff for it and you still pay into EU budget as far as i know, but i dont know if you would pay more as a member
Personally, I prefer black olives since they are often more salty than sour
Wait Sean Connery is the voice of Draco in the original
A true train wreck
My guess: Because the neighbours want to sleep
Where's the pizza, pasta, the mafia's tight grip on local authorities and the wine
"Heidi" and "the Rose of Versailles"
Regardless of asylum which they will of course not be eligible for, it's always hilarious to me when people from western countries proclaim in an overly dramatic fashion they are gonna move somewhere else is this or that person get's elected.
I'd love to see a second vote just because I want to see how the pro-brexit guys wanna make people believe it is a good thing this time
If I understand correctly our system is like this:
Acabo de vomitar un poquito
She sees her the most fitting candidate in her own party
There's also a Maori-language version, Wikipedia doesn't say what she teaches there
As an Austrian I am not offended
So much so that a person from the far west of the country (Vorarlberg) would struggle a lot to understand a person from the far east (Burgenland) and vice versa
How common is it to say "thank you" compared to other languages?
In Western part of Austria Vorarlberg, where my relatives live, even kindergardeners walk there by themselves
At the same time, books by Lindgren (Mio, mein Mio/Mio, My Son) and Michael Ende (Jim Knopf/Jim Button, Momo, Night of Wishes).
Ihr verwendet das "eh" nicht
Alcohol here is legal at the age of 16, but everyone I know had tried it once at an earlier age (~14y)
The new regulations do not permit the user of a SIM card for extended periods of time outside of your country.
Damn that's interesting, you seem to know more about that region and time
The really dangerous thing about Hofer is, that he is working against the EU membership while claiming that he would priorize relations to Russia and Serbia
I haven‘t been to Salzburg often, but every time I was, which was about during tourist season, the city wasn‘t *that* overflown, which is a shame considering how beautiful the city is
But i agree on Liezen
don't even get me started on your German food terms ... \*cringes* ;)
However, it is quite similar in Austria imo
Immediately made me think of the best parties as a student
Vienna was first made its own state around the same time, in 1920
Juncker shouldn`t lecture us on migration.
Works too, yeah
Pero bueno ya te dejo en paz que si no salgo del baño ahora se me hace tarde y no llego al desayuno.
***Alles Erdreich ist Österreich untertan
Germany also has a strong industrial sector and loads of people in apprenticeships.
There is a common attribute used for viennese: "großkopfert" or "big headed". Since more than a hundred years some critics referred to Vienna as the "wasserkopf von Österreich" literally meaning "hydrocephalus" since it was already big for the capital of hapsburg empire
Sizes of beverages/food
Could also be worse tho
The artists twitter is @Lullindo
Sounds familiar :)
Well, I was semi kidding
The debate whether men and women are equal got put to rest some time ago.
Edit: thank you kind stranger
It would be a shitshow
... any more ...
The electoral college makes sure that they don't do, attributing different values based on the state
The question remains: Was it ultimately used to help the people of Ukraine or a few businesses/geostrategists
There are catacombs below many churches but mostly just in the basement
Also, it doesn't really sound like an anthem to me
Party | Pro | Contra | Abstain
Warm: 25 to 30
ahh like the austrian method of building a door with long side parts, instead of a wall xD
I don't even know what to say...
But who wants to listen to an Austrian talking about re-education camps
Their aloo gobi is amazing
You should treat it like a warning
Because they ask in every shop "Sackerl dazu
"You can't trust USA, better trust Putin"
Austria usn't quite right
It's always baffling that people are actually superstitious enough to care about these things..
(The map already annoys me)
The mountains
the situation couldn't be any different.
no polish restaurant in the area :c
Nope
I would suggest the Korobeiniki
I wouldn't consider Salzburg Eastern Austria.
- I sometimes experience a slight subconcious sensation of disgust, when I hear a person from north of the Main-line speak German
Yeah, but hardly if you invite people for dinner
Brexit: Philip Hammond issues threat to EU partners
Well, that’s kind of a problem, no
**Edit: **Correct link:
A good example which demonstrates this is the movie "Die Hard".
at ad with christmas stuff in JULY
Clean it all up with a Union
Serbs/ other ex-Yugo folks (?) sometimes use it in graffitis here
I personally don’t even count Swiss German as German because who tf can even understand them besides the Swiss
Seems a bit too cliché. I mean "How do I avoid Roma
Tokyo, Fukushima, Nagasaki, Hiroshima, Kyoto, Osaka
The highest I found was the Millenium Falcon for 799,99€. I‘d say the average is 199,99€ for a full set (aka most of them cost 199,99€)
But that is just my opinion, please don't take it personal
I understand that standard German is necessary for communication, the same for English
etc
So when will the first round be?
_ Can't even blame you
I sure do say oke
Switzerland seems right although many Swiss people would probably say Germany or France
Only this time the Germans choose a wise guy to stay sober this whole time and only step in when it came to discussing the price and choosing the wine, so that they don’t get fooled again
Yeah i know about Bec
Well, those people might also even eat their "Schnitzel" with Tunke
I‘m not that good at german dialects
I gotta say tho, I'm a big fan of wearing Lederhosen to any occasion (except stuff like funerals)
Two cars can fit side-by-side but both would have to have 1 tire practically in the grass
Source: personal observation
Tbh I'm not sure what you mean without examples.
shouldnt the most googled country be the country itself
Here in Tyrol, our Tracht is very common and seen on feast days, weddings, birthdays, ...
/u/LXXXVI has mentioned it in spirit but the region bleeds out of human capital in exchange for subsidies
"Austrians are like [Punschkrapferl] Red at the outside, brown at the inside and always a little drunk
Ok, bit of a different topic, but I like to rant about this:
Oh yeah, coffee is gross too lol
I always thought a phobia is an *unsubstantiated* fear.
'" ("Are you stupid or what
elevation of Austria is also 910m.
Too many people against this
It was really creepy and annoying until I blocked everybody
AFAIK is Vienna the only city over one million people that grows Wine inside the city limits.
And the public transport is fantastic
Ferror is italian but the german branch of it made Kinder
If I go out and i'm 'lucky' i can spot maybe one or two.
u/lila_liechtenstein posted this link that summarizes it quite well: [
I understand the feeling though - i always lock at night, not even because i think anything could happen, just because it feels nice
In Salzburg, the quiet areas were also tested in regional trains
next you will tell me you also like trump
Try getting Haschee in Vienna
What then happened can only be described as an overreaction from Germany and other Northern states
There are several stops and a large stop at the end
15 1000 ATS bank notes
And teenagers don't have much knowledge yet
There is no money to be extracted from this person so I doubt they will bother with a civil suit.
10min break between 8-9
Sauerkraut
Second of all, what swiss people are doing happens, happened and will always happen all over the world - just on different levels
120 	g 	Butter (für the breadcrumbs)
Most of Germany's "unique" traits and behaviourisms like that are shared by Austria I think
Regel 1:
Also, you don't get a "Tüte" for your purchases
No not at all
Germany (are really close to it, nearly ended up as a part of it)
For the past seven years I have been living in Austria and man, I have super mixed feelings about this country
Is there any information on the extent of the fire in the interior
Ernest Kaltenegger, with him the communist party became a important member in the city goverment of Graz and the party succeed to get into the Styrian parlament.
My former boss has a name I can't even say out loud
How do you clean the leftmost and rightmost windows on the outside if that's in the first floor instead of on the ground floor
It was a celtic thing back in the day
Thank you
- I complain a lot, but do little to actually change things
As previously mentioned there's not only just THE Constitution ( one "Book" where every part of our Constitution is included ) but rather there are hundreds of different laws which have "Verfassungsrang" (
Why do you think it took them so long to conquer it
Bundesstaat Österreich
nothing suspicious about that name eh) that called for getting it back but they were irrelevant
I can speak some Yiddish but not school level
Do give them a try, they may look humble but they're really tasty
Altough living right next to Slovenia rocks of course :D
He was drafted age 17 in 1942
One for the small living room and the hallway (its basically a woodstove and wall at the same time)
2004 and 2018
[Check this link for more info]
I love the stuff, but OMG, the sugar
They are Christian parties as well.
A perfect way to reduce the size of the government as he promised.
"Sinn machen" is perfectly fine in Austrian German at least
Der Nutella
He caught the second shot but not the first
And the whole incest thing
There is even a gun and a target on the city's [coat of arms] The HTBLA Ferlach is also a famous school for gun smithing
Jk, I think we would just use sponges or brushes to clean the sink
But it won't overtake Glühwein anytime soon
>The problem is American culture
(Okay i am not that far away from the upperaustrian border but thats still an insult)
Also, it‘s considered formal wear and you can get into many balls wearing it
again, of course you can express the same meaning, but it's kinda clunky and just doesn't feel the same
In India or Pakistan that's maybe different but who cares about that.
> but I'm not aware of handles installed outside a front door
We don't do that here
if I go to the post office I use my driver's license or student id, if I go abroad I use my passport
But hear me out
That’s complete bullshit
"do you hear voices?" is like question one of a psychiatric evaluation.
It was, even if a majority was for it, it was still a foreign military marching over the borders of a sovereign state with the intention of occupying it
Question: How rampant is corruption in small things over there
This right-wing candidate made a point of telling lies and becomming outraged when beeing called out
Stalin actually tried to do the same thing with Germany
In Austria it's called "Pfand", and as far as I'm concerned it only applies to beer crates and bottled beer, as you said.
Sometimes I use both
Fernweh, is my favourite German one
Living here (Vienna, in my case) is great, I don't see any problems because the city is "old". Infrastructure works really well and is looked after regularly
They are very proud, because I can eat almost like a Basque
However some never move to the city, especially farmers kids who tend to continue their parents farms
According to my parents it was really popular in Germany and Austria about 40-30 years ago, both of them travelled all around Europe via hitchhiking and loved to tell us children stories about how great it was.
Unlike Italians, the Spanish don't travel in huge groups
Many people in Austria use [these] Some of course just use a knife
History is often more nuanced than people make it up to be, you know ...
One Grandpa worked at a flight field near Graz as electrician
The worlds greatest reality show that could potentially destroy human civilization.
Technically when he rose to power he wasn't legally Austrian
My second name is Wolfgang, glad to hear some people enjoy hearing it
" (a *very* loose translation
As u/sencer stated, you won't be able to get much higher earnings without taking higher risks (which you should only do if you are investing for the long term)
Luckily nothing really (except some people in the government wanting to make a tracking app for Corona mandatory, but they seemingly changed their minds on it now), but I think with another FPÖ-ÖVP Government this would probably different
Some trains you can use, but have to pay
A love for human rights and a severe distate for fascism?
I don't give a shit about something as trivial as gun control.
It's comparable to the sound of an "ay" in English or an "ou" in German
Jodeling is a thing, although may be bigger in Switzerland.
Would love to be 25 again, so this is educated guesswork for the Austrian situation in one of the four larger cities and Vienna
Doesn't mean people don't celebrate it, but it's not such a big deal here: normally there's no engagement rings, there's not such a big divide between genders where the guy has to "prove" his love by buying something expensive, girls don't assume that this day has to be the best day of their life, bridesmaids and groomsmen are just your friends coming over and celebrating with you but their clothes don't have to match, and even though stag nights are a thing, that's kind of a lower social class thing here
Uhm try being Austrian or Swiss on r/de
It's not all that easy finding reliable numbers for population like that
But then they are my friend until I die
Czechs dying while diving in Lake Attersee, Czechs dying while skiing, Czechs dying while hiking/climbing.
We shouldn't even try to approach the amount of money they spend on it.
Somewhat ironic that Braunau of all places voted VDB.
I wänt tö ünsee it
However, the black white red is way cooler
Austria under his presidency will most likely continue its policy to battle Czech Republic legally over government support for an extension of Temelin.
>Poles don’t really mind Austrians because we are taught that the Austrian partition was fairly chill on us and if we paid taxes you didn’t minded us either
The fact, that im basically living on a 1000 years old graveyard, but thats only for my village
The house I live in was built in the 1880s ... and it's just a regular house of many, nothing super special
You dont get it, the more the state does the more socialist it is, thats how it works
Wanting Austria to join is more serious than wanting to regain Alsace.
Germans have forgotten about it long ago.
It's those slight cultural differences you need to look out for to "instantly tell where a person is from by looking at them"
It's a fucking satire account...
I already said above that I agree it should be illegal
I truly believe that mankind will manage the turnaround
Asola	IT
This
Is the English any good or is it just basic sayings?
Isn’t the queen technically also German
This alone accounts for 1/3 of the score in the category "political empowerement" and 1/14 in all categories.
Same !
Doesn't Starbucks usually have fairly normal (albeit their own brand, IIRC) espresso machines?
I think there is still to point out if friends just take super powers and make unconditional alliances that the game indeed becomes rather unplayable for some countries.
The EU should stick together and start to actively boycot any country that stands against France in this matter
*holds up a chopping board* - Me: „ Br-ä-idl“ - She: „br-A-itl
I thought [you already conquered us...]
The arguments of Ireland are basically that they aren't even denying what they did, but that it was correct o.O
Really, look at old german writing: the s used to be written similar to a modern f and the z used to have a weird underthingy like a handwritten g. The ß used to have one too, but I guess it kind of faded along with the one the z had
UK and Denmark are not part of the monetary Union though.
It's not a political thing though
I already voted nobody in who is for this bullshit, what else can I do but not vote for these madmen
And after the off putting chlorine smell during my first shower there I didn't dare to drink it anymore
I didn't have the septum yet when I applied for the job, I actually got it one month after I started the job
So I guess I have a bit of advantage here, its been a long time though
A lewakassemmal ohne am ketchup is traurig
Isn't it crazy how René Goscinny had his fingers in most of them?
" (= "oh dear")
I'm not sure but I think he may have gotten it for his actions during the Gran Sasso Raid
I think the reason why it looks childish is bc it looks so awkward
- No
I know not, if I that can
* Irmgard Griss, former judge, running as an independent
Yes, lets switch to glorious communism and anarchy instead!
...by a margin of 6%, no less
Lithuania - Litauen - Lietuva - Wilna (Vilnius) - [European Africa, but has the coolest coat of arms]
Vorarlberg
I guess everywhere that requires long distance travel to the mountains would consider skiing expensive.
Or do you mean you only buy the eggs non-refrigerated
You're already the second Swede I have seen on Reddit to complain about this
It's like it's burned into my brain
japanese are guilty of their own food crimes towards pizza, but I guess they get a free pass for the way the world has been raping the concept of sushi
Kukuruz (Serbo-Croatian origin, from 'kukuruz') = Corn
Admittedly I usually write in Umgangssprache, not proper standard, too
However, the fine is so inconsequential that the last two companies I worked at just paid the fine
Edit: spelling
Yeah im a Lower Austrian living in Vienna and we don't put salt on our Mohnweckerl here - gotta try your variant out tho :D
Just saying that not everyone hates then, and people do use them
Minced beef liver mixed with bread crumbs and spices
For a long time I thought that Balaton was just the Hungarian name for [lake Neusiedl]
So maybe a control question about other life events would make sense there
Or I'd probably write "Erdapfel" instead of "Grumba". But I wouldn't translate "leiwand" or "oida", even though oida  clearly just means "Alter". Cause it'd sound too weird
Mostly because I wasn't alive during that time
So u in anarchy
A gift, as well as poison is something you *give* someone
Before Elementary school
You came up with the new law in your example:
The house I currently live in has a Parterre (ground floor, there's two shops there), Hochparterre (slightly higher ground floor, you walk up about half a level to get to the first flats), a Mezzanin (normal height, more flats) and only then there's the first floor, which I live on
(It was definitely malicious, not a honest mistake
Cause I guess that’s what you mean with the claim
Obermayr | FPÖ | 444 | abstained
Also a looooot of Turkish bakeries and speciality shops
I remember that time
Can confirm
Two Americas
Nowadays it's all in the EU family anyways ️️
He is the personification [of this Basque poem] He is probably the most Basque man I have ever met
Northern California and Oregon looked always nice, Australia would be also interesting.
Cannot agree more
it might be nice and interesting to be an expat there for a while, but from what I've seen so far, I doubt that I would want to permanently move
Yes
I don‘t know how well our federal state capitals are known, but maybe those
Talking about "human races" is just a nonsensical concept - where do you draw the line?
So English is your language
But they voted for him only to get rid of Trump, not for his own merits, so they won't feel responsible
Just admit it ffs
English - Vienna
But those are all things that are measurable in my imagination
aah I miss the soft and lifess Japanese welcome hug
To me Rauchbeer tastes as if someone put smoked ham in a keg of beer for a week or so, then washed a couple of old crusty ashtrays in the resulting liquid before finally putting it in a glass in order for me to drink it ;)
It took over years since it had to be done step by step
Basically at the time austrians considered themselves german as well
I know about the investments of China into renewables.
IIRC Franco changed Spain's timezone to CET to be in the same timezone as the Third Reich, but that might be anecdotally
Today it's used as a quite successful festival venue, so not a completely failed project
He is still way too right-wing for my taste, but definitely better than Clinton and Trump.
I guess its because the ground is still a little too warm
[In reading up about it I learnt] something new about the relationships between the Southern Slavic languages which was terribly interesting, though
Telling you that imports / exports will be scrutinized ?
I wouldn't have spelled it "Labberl" like the other commentor, but "Laberl", as the "a" is long
Than there's tschechische Republik (Czech republic) but this name is beyond ridiculous, so nobody uses it.
A good example which demonstrates this is the movie "Die Hard".
Not in the next few years but who knows what the future might bring in 50 years (just think how different Europe was 50 years ago!).
The articel you reply to talks about doding import duty and VAT upon import which is a conpletely different system and procedure.
Verzweifelt ("Desperate"..... I am only joking
> German is somewhat less used and more rare, at least in the center-south of the country
"Endlich ist der Führer da
Worked well against the misrepresentation of (even current) facts spewed by Trump
Honestly, who keeps making those maps that include Turkey but exclude Russia
As you can see in the recipe, there's no sugar in the dough and you can't always depend on the sweetness of the apricots
Should we have fought back after Britain, Italy and France refused to help under any circumstances already
50 walloons, 50 from flanders, 1 from that german area
' and nothing more because the polite thing for me is then to answer in normal German but then I have to realize you don't speak (normal) German and everything gets complicated
Why does shit like this get 11K upvotes
'tis decided then
Stand up comedy, that is
What
Italian is pure music for me, there's always such rhythm and flow to it
Which of these castles is the Letzebuerg?
I think one of the most important equipment is a helmet
He proceeded to ask me if I find it weird too that he got arrested
Yeah, if you want hostels and AirBnB's which are in the larger cities, then please don't bother renting a car for the whole trip.
Sorry wasn't meant in a derogatory way at all, I just noticed the difference between the place I'm from on the countryside (paying whole rounds is a kind of one-upping one another among younger males there), and how it's never done among a student crowd in the city
Thanks, this is a great map
But I don't feel like googling someone is invasion of privacy
Smoking is quite common in most other languages
Don’t get me wrong - but you are basically say that the UK for example made its choice (Brexit) and the EU should just continue as before and if they change anything in the relations with the UK that’s nationalism and jingoism
Orbital solar would be nice
that
At least in the circles I move in.
Probably the St Gotthart tunnel
* Hiking and eating a Brettljausn while looking over the alps.
I don't do cocaine in Ibiza :(
Pretty sure it is not effective against air strikes, as of now
then your name should be SouthPole.
Unless it's something entirely out of the ordinary I don't normally ask non locals why they're doing the things they're doing, they themselves probably don't even know the answer as it seems normal to them.
Rauch Eistee
We are not meant to carry around our guns to stop terrorists.
*Maybe* I still have some pity for content-based websites, but online stores
strawberry I know, but cherries is definitely new
They don't have the best reputation quality wise
As someone with friends and family in Russia this is a very negative general development.
Banks and such probably would prefer if you don't have those, some don't care
911 also works almost everywhere
My eternal enemy
Sooo, without a premium account i can't see that statistic?
Not that Burgers and Pizza are inherently bad, but there's a huge difference between a Burger stuffed full of veggies on top of the meat, or bacon
On the other hand, I feel sorry for all the Turks who seem to blindly trust Erdogan and who will one day wake up in a nightmare.
800 EUR ( Austrians get 14 payments a year with a tax discount on the 13th/14th wage)
Just wieden
Oh yeah, right ;)
Yes to both, though for the eggs mainly because I don't have counter space so the fridge is just convenient for them to put away in ;)
To this day I prefer the German version of Lord of the Rings over the English original.
It's a nice size and not heavy at all
We don't have any in our own country, but honestly, I prefer to be influenced by the Americans compared to the other alternative
I think this is blown out of proportion and overexaggerated.
Lots of voters received faulty absentee ballots and complained at the ministry of the interior.
most of the european countries have to have english in their curriculum, so most of us speak it
I agree, should've worded this differently, to include the 90s in it as well.
I welcome it, as long as they don't do it to make fun of us
All we can really do is to look at cause and effect.
Schahmlos Karma farmen der Obraka :)
(Ok, the chance to fight them back was null so giving in was reasonable, but there should have been no enthusiasm about it)
Wouldn't it be more interesting to ask, what they've got in common ?
Moved in Austria 2 years ago
Maybe you should look into the [commemorative 2€ coins]
Source
also the members of the SA and NSDAP in the first Republic
Pretty much all of it are man-made environments too though
Except when I'm celebrating with friends
Love how you manage to drag Brexit into a discussion that has nothing to do with it.
The Austrian Jagdkommando has been deployed in Vienna, followed by "good hunt
Yes
It‘s just a holiday
So yeah it's pretty nice
haha then your uncle must be loaded if he‘s living there
She also told me that there's a lot of obscure names on it and you even can apply for others, it's just more of a hassle
I like irish Lo-Fi Girl
Reason for that is that my fathers ex-wife is Icelandic and their children, my two half brothers, live in Iceland and I have a very good and close relationship with them, I even speak Icelandic and go there several times a year
Otherwise, maybe Mietauto (rental car)
Dickshrinker
Unless you have a dog
No there are just more people where she is - especially in comparison with arizona
Usually when I go to Croatia the border control guy is too busy playing candy crush to even look at my face/plate
Eh we're good
I am on the political left and I like the country
The USA is the only country left that hasn't fulfilled its promise of treating all EU-countries equally.
Well, currently we are dealing with an enormous amount of foreign workers from eastern europe.
They know the tax since they charge it at the checkout
I was looking for this comment
They have loud-speakers everywhere, out of which the song ["Danger Zone"] blurrs at a high volume 24/7
He should have travelled to the main supporter to tell argument his story: Russia
Defenestration didn't kill anyone
Laughs in Austrian
Pretty spot on :) read the last bit as 'retarded-ish' first
I know little about contemporary Greece, but overall I imagine it to be fairly similar to other Mediterranean countries I've been to.
We have a similar culture and Slovenia has beautiful small towns!
Have fun suckling mustard out the tube I guess
I get why:
Obviously ... do you really think they make different translations for swiss and austrian german
Slightly more relevant, no
West/East: Eastern Austria is influenced by Balkan-countries
I believe you can argue the amount of reserved spots once someone has actually managed to qualify for a "very good".
The adults get to drink some schnaps and donate some money to the group
Adding a bit of lemon juice or cowberries, or even ketchup is fine tho
I usually drink milk/cholocate milk in place of coffee
Aren't Netherlands really good
I personally don't dislike vienna, but I think most people do
This leads to the sentiment by some people that all Americans should just leave Europe - no matter if you're in a military posting, a diplomat or just some random guy that some company hired and sent to Austria
Kinda strange love-hate-relationship
And then he proceeded to tell my mother that her food was too heavy, and asked me why I was not fat at the end of dinner
Well, I am glad it is totally different in my family and among my social circle, because I love trying out new culinary things, inviting friends and being invited, high quality ingredients and all the joyfull, gmiadliche package
Like it matters at this point
Sam here, also the classic "Cheeeeese"
He fought on the Western front after the D-Day invasion
I hate it when they pronounce the word "Palatschinken" like this "Palat-Schinken". That´s not at all how this is pronounced here
I backed Kingdom Come Deliverance eagerly since day one
We have that since 1980 I believe
[Hatschi Bratschis Luftballon]  (Hatschi Bratschis air balloon)
Well then ... nobody is stopping them from going home to their beloved Führer
the only "English" name I see is Fynn, and Jakob with c.
You left out the important information here: *Do you like it
Finally Iceland also seems to have had 2 soldiers in the Iraq war
And no such a clause or agreeing does not exist in Catalonia - so don’t even try to argue with that
Turned out you have to be at least 18 in most other countries
That's quite hideous for an international site like Reddit
And yes they would be partially guilty if they voted for the Nazis the same as any other citizens of a nation are responsible for crimes their elected governments commit.
Those parties were the biggest players in politics for the last 60 years.
I mean if EU wanted to sink every boat and turn everyone back could they do it?
- Gambia
Lentia was in fact devastated several times by invading Germanic tribes
Not familiar with Vienna, but oh so opinionated.
I certainly do
Pulli	IT
I was always so excited as a child when there was a thunderstorm and the electricity stopped working
Or an equal sized flat with 2 garage spots, but without garden
US-Korean friend of mine has such a hard time getting work as a language teacher in Asia (she's mostly in ML China), even though she has extensive education on the subject and is really knowing what she's doing
> He’s also a prolific liar
just sounded a bit like you would have implied that.
not seen as particularly tactful in the same way as calling romanian towns by their historical german names
This is by far the most accurate description
Either that, or it's everything stripes
Germany, or if that doesn't count, Italy.
FTTB would be a massive improvement
heck make little 4-question quizzes on general knowledge about politics before a vote mandatory, with the amount of points gained influencing the weight of your vote
This might have been like this in the 80s and 90s but nowadays we learn it in school as extensively as you do in Germany
No one has anything against womens bodies.
Tyrolean area
I don't think this will change as a result of this.
brace yourself
He lived in Turkey in the 4th century
Pro Hint: Austria with Käsekrainer
If you rise the sea level by 900 meters austria would become a island group but still exist to 50% but 99% of germany would disapear
It rained and cooled over the last few days
you are 1st in least cats/household.
for like a year yeah why not
In the end it boils down to the following: Letting nations declare and withdraw from article 50 at will and unilaterally is bad for the EU and an open invitation to extortion attempts.
You vote for politicians who will best represent your interests
damn rich jet-set mountian dwellers showing off their sportiness wherever they go
You never stop learning
would be “fart-rattle-village”, I guess
Yes
Especially the "Thank you
Meh, around here in Middle Europe people wouldn't give a fuck either
What about USA war crimes
Apple never reached the kind of market penetration it has in the US
This was before the restaurants reopened and the place was pretty much empty
law is only binding if people want it to be.
Wiederherstellung Österreichs als freier und unabhängiger
), Slovenian, German, Italian, French, Spanish, Dutch, Danish, Swedish, Norwegian
What happened in Brazil this week
That is an excellent question
When thinking about France + Military our first association is them as invadors/occupying force during the napoleonic wars.
I mean, you most likely enjoyed a better public health and school system and also likely a far better political climate, but you consider the country you visit once a year to see your grandparents more a home?
Imho if you live somewhere else after retirement it gets iffy but that's about it.
I think somewhere there was a bomb threat around spring or summer
So I think this has a big influence
Also, bring a student/High School ID if you have one.
Sounds like a deal to me
I hope yoh can see the difference (I start to doubt it though)
) Also how ridiculous some words sound, because everything is literally
I would add Voest Alpine to that
If you are working full-time this would often mean no warm meals during the week
It's not used in everyday life like it seems to be in the US
as long as you act a bit apologetic about it, or at least marginally self-aware that what you're asking for is probably not in the best interest for the bar owner (you trying to spend little money instead of a lot)
For whatever reason
it would also teach people a bit about the inner workings of the EU, something every citizen should know about
A country should try to avoid this for all costs, because it is way more expensive to deal with result
Police reports 9 dead and many injured :(
There are cities very close to the border (Oradea, Arad, Gyula), but they are entirely in one country
> Throw yourself over the houses
Hey, we got proper healthcare and low crime rates, don't chuck us into the same bucket like those crazies over the pond
Not the end of the world but definitely a social stigma and lady boner killer close to "Kevinism"
Edit: ayayay
Maximilian, The last Knight
Thanks to Czechia for delicious beer and having a great captial city to visit
We Austrians tend to take us way too serious
AFAIK, Vienna and Bratislava are the world's closest capitals.
We're getting a second wave pretty soon
honestly thought that's from Schüssel
Krapfen is quite German as far as I know, but Palatschinken came into German from the latin Placenta via Hungarian, Czech and Romanian
ok I think I want it to be written like 1•000•000„65 now
Pls remove this
Otherwise, I think Salzburg gets the least hate
Edit: Nokia sells directly to their customers, I've bought a Phone from their Website ;)
in styria
It's really fascinating how this instrument is considered "typical" in so many different places
I know a bunch who went there solely for bike trips, something which I consider strongly myself once this Covid mess is over .
My south tyrolean neighbor shudders when I mention that I sometimes add a bit of Berbecue ketchup when I make sugo
Usually called "Naturschnitzel". The unbreaded ones usually have a sauce
Recently read a story about a german moving to Vienna
Home clothes = no clothes
Well it's used in light woodlands here mostly
I was a convinced socialist 10 years ago, but then I have studied the realities of those governments and where they have failed
It's corn, not wheat, but I think it should still work
So *technically* Vienna has Alps within its city limits
Most people here have had the same social group forever and aren’t too welcoming to having new people join in
it's actually the ["wrong end of the oneway road"-Sign]
Maybe an apartment if its really obvious that nobody is home
When the kebap man told them that they only could pay with cash they angrily turned around and asked me where to get money because "in this fucking country you can't pay anything without cash".
My kid gets tangerines, nuts, and chocolate
And how we treated the Balkans and Italy 100 years before wasn't quite too nice either
Not every guy who is called Mohamed is a jihadist.
cinnamon ... ginger ... currants ... sounds nice
schorle has to be my least favourite german german word
It's not actually Erasmus outside of Europe, that's an EU/EEA program
I have a kid and I have a busy life, so when I am in Berlin, yes
Eksi Sozluk sounds like a turkish-only reddit.
You can construct a whole sentence with those: "A i e a", meaning something like "Is that so
[Other than wikipedia about the river] no, but i heard there's a great guided tour through the canalisation, the "3rd Man Tour" check it out
After reading that sentence I would have known you're Swiss without even looking at your flair
I basically grew up with stories about how negligent and irresponsible people there are
did the imf tell russia to double down on corruption and sell everything that isn't nailed down to an oligarch?
I heard that it was given up when the army realized that as a neutral country they could only use nuclear weapons as a defense on their own soil, and using a nuclear weapons in a small country like Switzerland might be a bad idea
Three World Heritage Sites are shared with other countries: Fertö / Neusiedlersee Cultural Landscape is shared with Hungary; Prehistoric pile dwellings around the Alps with France, Germany, Italy, Slovenia and Switzerland; and Ancient and Primeval Beech Forests of the Carpathians and Other Regions of Europe with Albania, Belgium, Bulgaria, Croatia, Germany, Italy, Romania, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, and Ukraine
It‘s confirmed: Squirrel is hard to pronounce in any language lmao
Not as well known abroad, yet still nice to visit and you might have more options to discover stuff for yourself.
The native name is "Crna Gora", which is a direct translation of "Montenegro", which both mean "Black Mountain(s)".
How the death of one person can change the entire course of history is amazing sometimes
Too sad not really any country recognises that
and Frauenstein does in fact allow residents of any gender as well
Latinos usually stick mostly with Spanish (which arguably sounds way more eloquent than Castillian Spanish), but know enough Basque to get by
I'm at least OK with every neighbor.
That's not per se bad, you just have to force them to
I always wanted to go there and see some Kangaroos
Better pull them out before it's a bloody deaster like Hypo Alpe Adria.
If you bother me while eating, I would kindly ask the closest hooligan group to take care of you.
Well, there is Vienna, particularly the inner city where I think Russians like to buy penthouses, but they are not too many.
After she leaves primary school, maybe her taste changes
I love Vulcanoes and I was like "OMG I'm gonna see a Vulcanoe" And it also was my first time on an island
I know she's dead already, but I have never met anyone who actually liked her
Why do we have to question multiculturalism just because one culture seems to be making issues?
Hallstatt
Since it’s not based on „we don’t like you“ aka feelings but hard numbers which can be traced back and verified
It's more, this article says 6500 died so far
I gues a ton of BBC stuff is very good, else there is Kommisar Rex, which is like the most exported Austrian TV-Series of all time!
I mean it's pretty disgusting if it isn't fresh and ice-cold, but if it is fresh I vastly prefer it over any other Softdrink (except Almdudler maybe).
I am not sure about these - I never was in these countries
Fun fact, the Frontline Gamemod3 for World of Tanks was/is developed by a company in Austria
We've got elections coming up in May, we should really be able to do this
Americans pay far more for same services than I pay.
True, it very much depends on the kind of school you're in.
I don't get the idea of scissors because that means you have to lift the pizza up to do so which potentially results in a mess
Vienna has comparatively low rents.
I'd say it looks rather delightful.
now only if I would have an office that offered on-premise showers and proper bike parking
Please don't attack other users personally.
Cold war era Vienna could be interesting
Back at home, that's when things start to get comfy and interesting, and leaving then (exception: if you have some other important appointment, of course) is a bit like saying you don't really want to be friends, because you'd rather go home than "change your plans for us" (which were no real plans to begin with, because everybody already *expects* to stay longer than planned anyway)
I'd call that one "rigged", though.
We have to attend subjects that I am certain, we will never EVER think back to unless we are going in a very specific direction in our career
I know for a fact that a lot of Romanians in Transylvania that have to deal with Hungarians daily would be mostly ok with this
None taken :) it's a little odd because spanish is usually seen as a rough language as well
Fun fact, unicorns were hunted to extinction because unicorn meat is considered a delicacy with aphrodisiac properties in Finland
I think it's actually Asia that's doing a lot better in that regard than the West
Nevermind Putin's actions outside of Russia he has done a lot of good for the Russians.
I fear simply closing the fucking gate will not be an option then.
So is this anti muslim or anti DUP
I would too, and would most likely be called johann
Nope
I'm not russian and Ukraine is not on my wish list but I still remember when Kosovo was granted the right of self–determination.
Lufthansa/LOT mixed costs 110 eur round trip.
Now if you also strap a trailer onto them additionally they will be even slower
For eating I can only recommend the Rustico Étterem.
> Two days later, the Ottoman army arrived
As an engineer working in construction: European churches are not simply gathering places for religious folks, but often several centuries old architectural and historical heritage.
Nabucco - Và Pensiero
I dread the possibility of Sanders winning and media outlets announcing the US to be a "socialist" country now
Austria's loudmouthed tits didn't have a chance to governing but now they are getting too close for comfort
Thanks
O.o
So no, there's not country I'd *never* consider visiting
ooh we will get that eventually, but it's still a few years out
I'm currently in your beautiful country and everything is perfect here: The picturesque towns, the coastline, the many islands, the food, the people are friendly, etc..
I am amazed that despite living through hell for a few years, he's still going strong with 95 years
Luxembourgish doesn't really fit into that group
How very crown-loyal of you both
The danger is not so much that you get hit (that's just bad luck, and there's nothing you can do about it; but what are the odds ...), but that you hit something that has already fallen and is now blocking the road (can be avoided)
Like "Gooten Tawg, Id like to buy these souvenirs, Danke, Awf Viderrzeyn
That *after* the Anschluss, when Austria was a functionally fully part of Nazi Germany, many Austrians gleefully took part in WW2 Nazi crimes, is a whole other, separate can of worms
This should be doable and there are plans for this that are already underway, as far as I know.
If you so desire: "you" enslaved people all over the world, "you" slaughtered indigenous people to your heart's content, "you" exploited people in your colonies and took away their resources.
their/they're/there...what I hate to read is "would/could OF" instead of "would've/could've".
In Austria, i‘d say they are all pretty equal
which are a different dish and, most importantly, don't have a breaded crust
Around noon the restaurants began to fill up
If your accent happens to be anything that isn‘t a german accent there‘s a 99% chance I won‘t understand you because I‘m pretty stupid
Word by word: If flys over flys fly fly flys flys after
And this result is without them
I mean, there are memorials built for those who fought against the french occupation
People need to stop expecting these kinds of things to be absolutely perfect
USSR should have invested into movies
Same thing in Austria :( We've got Wirtshäuser, but only old men go there to drink, young people only go there for meals with their parents
We'll carry on
All racists vote FPÖ though and some local officials are occasionally purged for open racism.
"eN ist für "eNdlich"
With the Austrian ones, just by looking at the logo I wouldn't be
I am using the German style here
They should just remember to stay safe and not hurt themselves
Many moderate democrats switched because of the BS with badshit crazy feminists BLM and other shit that the far left is doing atm.
I hate that it's in winter and I that it's in Qatar
Meanwhile, in Austria we have almost spring-like temperatures
The other sights are important, but the church has a special place
Putin's is probably in Russian
sorry, will we still reach the train in time
Judging by your rules, absolutely not what you're looking for but [a national treasure]
I am from Upper Austria and heard that song many times at public events
according to the /r/europe posts, how the Brexit definitly didn't and will never harm UK
It ran for 20 years, the last episode of around 265 will run in may
9 million
It depends on what your plans are in Europe.
In some way they are worse than sound of music, since they are pure fan fiction: Karl May never was in the US prior to writing his books.
at home many different kinds of coffee.
When voting came his wife still voted for the functional, because she always voted black and she can't vote red
I think it’s a difficult question
All of it was so interesting
Graz is a student city
Better we don't tell OP that most police cars and stations contain assault rifles too \^\^
Does it actually matter in Hungary though
I've never voted for our Communist Party (though they are the second strongest Party in the city-council of Graz, our second biggest City, and I'd definitely vote for them if I lived there).
many people also don't feel comfortable walking around with big amounts of cash if you go abroad for longer periods of time
I mean, like, it helps, a lot
] If the interior was on fire, it would be visible through the windows at the side of the nave or the large rosette window of the transept
Honestly, not that much I think
I live in Austria and people generally don‘t care what you believe in
Aubergine / Melanzani
Holy shit that's beautiful
Vaccinations are great
Do-nau
There have been a few liberal movements before that ([LIF] etc.), but they never amounted to much.
I have a really hard time seeing the actual mouth as the mouth and not the upper lip making a sort of oooo mouth
Yay
Then this old lady walks by and just says small is pretty hard to come by here
(I don't really know much about him because he died in the 60s)
Then I got two fixed appointments per week that come to at least another 100€ per month (10-15€ per night in drinks), Leaves me 25€ which is barely enough to get pizza delivered twice
And I *think* I know four capitals
Like other people said, it is very unlikely that you will find a company that will hire you, there are too many legal hoops for them and your only chance is to find "half-legal" niche markets where it is unlikely authorities will look after you.
Sure, your "economy" might be better but at the expense of the people
"native Germans are affected negatively"
There is really no reason to think that anyone wants to invade russia.
Do you believe he won previous ellections legitimately, or were the outcomes altered in his favour
In Austria however, I often consume less than most of my friends
I know many Italians feel superior because of their style, but it's just too *Italian*. It's too flashy and cocky
To be honest I don't know exactly how Germans pay for their roads and if the amount foreigners will pay will be fair in comparison.
For me expat and work go hand in hand.
r/trashy
Post her address and we can check if she's OK if you want!
Isn't Russian fighters for example way cheaper?
extremly religious people are often far-right.
i once took a international construction management lecture and all the lecturers agreed the communication problems usually start when there are englishmen or us-americans involved :)
Full control over military (hah, funny, as if we had one) and the government
It took maybe 2 weeks before the first reports came of people being let go because they didn't VOLUNTEER to work 4 hours more per day
The heart piece of our constitution has never been changed since 1920 afaik
Proper building regulations to tackle land consumption
Wouldn´t want to mess with them
Pretty much a non-issue at this point
Sadly some people still believe this lie up to this day
well i've never done drugs in my life, and i don't even drink energy drinks soo :)
I'd be in favor of lowering the requirements for getting our citizenship though, I think the monetary requirements and 10 years of residence make it too hard for many to go through with it
Slovenia are slavic people with slavic language and germanic culture
~~The Hammer of a Miner is called "Bergeisen" which literrally translates to "Mountain Iron"``~~
Somehow he became a POW in Switzerland at the end of the war
I mean also who would object, the left was already suppressed and stayed quiet, the Nazi party was the only legal opposition of the autocratic ruling rightwing Christdemocrats and growing steadily in support since the economic crises
Interestingly, in scientific topics the German wiki is sometimes even better, more extensive, or at least has different information compared to the English one
And a sowjet spy and fascist dictator.
Do you have non-FKK saunas in Germany
Be the change you wish to see:
I nominate Kreislaufproblem
Landscape wise it's basically Austria on steroids
Actually I haven't thought about possible issues with funds that are denominated in USD.
That seems to be everything bad about Christianity without all the redeeming factors.
so no
Wait this isn't a joke
Thats a broad question and an long periode for architecture.
Also foreign titles are allowed, when I'm not mistaking
My BiL bought his car in Germany, there is a better market than here.
There are almost no self locking doors here
Not having it doesn't inhibit function though
There was a case where a guy shot and killed an intruder through a closed door
Orthography is the biggest mess since French tho :)
I'm totally with you on this one
For most people it is more like teasing your sibling
Both our flags are drenched in Turkish blood
Ukraine crisis made me change my mind.
Perceive yourself as one country out of many, and realize that not everybody is striving to "reach" where the US are.
Catalán is like a middle thing between Spanish an Occitan
So it doesn't look like the already exisiting words Stadt or Statt or statt
And not the fun consensual kind
5 minutes by car or 25 minutes on foot - would be 10 minutes by bike, but the hill at the end is a problem, and I have to cross a wide, busy street at rush hour
> trading football stickers to make your sticker album full\
> He’s also a prolific liar
It's very rare here that people are armed, and those who are *and* resist police in any conceivable way are usually criminals.
oh sorry, I meant more like [this] or [this] or [this]
yeah used to be a thing, don't think carp is still very popular though
It's kind of a love-hate-relationship
The village I grew up in was initially part of the Soviet zone, and the closest town was in the British zone, so everyone going to town had to cross the zone border, which, as my grandmother told me, was quite difficult sometimes
Because I think the differ
I welcome it, as long as they don't do it to make fun of us
Very often, I'm sure
Imp that Spanish constitution respected & the rule of law upheld
In super rural areas people will greet you as they walk past you - It always takes me by surprise :D
I usually just download openstreetmap data for maps and use wifi...
[According to this post] and [this list] we have the oldest flag design of any sovereign state in Europe, and the world, going back to 1230
I grew up in a rural area and you’d just greet anyone everywhere
Dude is nuts
Spoke with my southern tyrolean neighbor
0 in WWIII
It‘s basically an s and a z stacked together
Hungary: confused relieve
I use [the E1-Layout from 2018] and it has almost every Latin-based and Greek letter plus a few other symbols
E.g. Handtuch (towel) is literally Handcloth or the well known Rindfleischetikettierungsüberwachungsaufgabenübertragungsgesetz is word by word translated: Beefetiquettemonitoringtasktransferlaw
Stephen's feast day on December 26th
If you google in German you find the answer easily.
Came here to see this
Have done it since earliest childhood and still enjoy it
Its not like Austria is one of the more religiously conservative countries but k
I gotta say tho, I'm a big fan of wearing Lederhosen to any occasion (except stuff like funerals)
<3 from grumpy Vienna
That doesn't need to bother you, but if their culture is going against our legal system (child marriages, polygamy, no or limited education for girls,...
Btw I'll hopefully be going to Vienna this summer, first time abroad.
Well, its easy
I'm only able to speak it fairly well, because when I was 12 I really wanted to play Yu-Gi-Oh and all the cards were only available in English
>Xi Jinping wants to know your location
They were fascists trying to imitate Mussolini and not much better than the Nazis, but had nothing to do with the Nazis
but that doesn't make us giddy and loud and *excited*, I guess
A real redditor
Calling Mozart Austrian is a rather modern phenomenon that only became more popular in the last 50 years.
"There's gonna be ups and downs, not necessarily in that order"
Like, I can imagine it happening, and why and how big
Hahaha
;) However, they'll grill you, if you use Google to translate English into Dutch and post (Rule 7).
[Ski lifts]
That was the ruling, and only, party under fascism
It reads like a fever dream
Loads of triggered people here, eh?
Out of the three he was the best by far
Nobody knows the origin of this ritual, but the prophecy says that the realm of Londonoria will fall to ruin if the ritual is missed even once
Dangerous animals are not a concern in Austria.
Just because *we live in a society* doesn't mean people can't take a stance
Also when he wanted to dissolve the chambers he earned a lot of resistance since most chambers are lead by the ÖVP
They tried a lot to get rid of this system and to control the public media (ORF)
While some of these insults were made during speeches, a lot happens in interjections by MPs that are supposed to just listen to the one speaking
(modern German "East" = "Osten")
", also pretty common
Heavy snowfall before and after Winter, but hardly any during it
Chilly: -5C - 10 C
even freaking ATMs scam you
We might have a Döner or Pizza-slice as well but if you feel real Austrian you'll want to get a [Käsekrainer]
It's not that much, but honest work
Is celeriac very common in todays english kitchen?
Here in the US most restaurants have a take out option and there are a lot of healthy options, at least here in California
It really depends who you are talking to
I like the film but that was so weird to watch her struggle with the sentences
The predictions also thought that Cameron would trigger Brexit immediately just like he said.
Never change a running system is the unofficial slogan of Austria
Hitler was Austrian not German
Can anyone ELI5 the Italian referendum?
Yea, according to [Wikipedia] its 99% bot generated
Arnie has a typical styrian dialect, which for example is totally differen from a tyrolean dialect
At first you see huge reflecting signs that say "Warning, deadly intersection ahead". Then your car gets shaken because they put grooves in the asphalt so you are alarmed
This is really not how culture works but fine, you do you
It's just a chocolate cake with jelly.
No 24/7 stores in Austria at all, since there are strict worker laws.
Or others like Wolfgang Pauli, Erwin Schrödinger or Sigmund Freud
Do they wait for 5:45 h before shooting back
I pay about 5€ per pack
I know there are different ethnicities in Spain but still, nothing compared to the US
which seem rather similar to Æthelbert
All of them are Grade 9 to 13 (a year longer then the General education Gymnasiums)
Heidi Klum says that the "yips" is called in German "Ach du meine Güte, nichts klappt mehr, aber überhaupt nichts mehr" (followed by something incomprehensible where I am not sure if it is German or English)
You saw it coming ...
A military should consist of citizens, not warmongers.
It was also very disappointing as a ten-year-old who spoke little English and no French
In my youth, I used to ride my bicycle right past [Mozart's birthplace] every day on my way to school but I've never actually been inside
Sobotka really is just a fucking disgraceful piece of shit...
the
Tell me: Since when does "The map was probably made by a welfare tourist" indicate that all people from Kosovo are welfare tourists?
It was never mentioned in school
Of course it has...also Brexit!
Article 1
People from both our countries commit a huge genocide
nazi jokes are not taboo, just make sure they are funny.
Let the cohesion policy do its work, in 20 years we are all on the same level of knowledge and things are much more efficient than they used to be before.
They are even talking about banning all travel in/out of the most infected areas (mostly vienna, graz and innsbruck)
If I was in a similar situation, I'd choose Portugal.
It might, if you "infect" others with it
I didn't expect that at all
The few people who do flag their private homes for national holidays tend to be the uber-patriotic kind
On Reddit they say all the time that Austrians are so racist towards Slavs but I have never witnessed that.
And it helps everyone
In Austria you celebrate on the 24th, in the evening.
The police play I am from Austria now so we know where we‘re from
> Crampons
Pretty sure almost every slavic language has a variation of this: Němec (czech), Nemiecki (polish), Nemetskiy (russian) etc.
I hope they keep lists of those cheering on social media, whatsapp and so on
The US doesn't have 'reeducation camps' though
Prof
austria would've finally had a football achievement that eclipsed 1978 cordoba
And they won't get over 50% at the next election.
And we wonder why the far-right is gaining so much momentum.
I'm only aware of Russia having a different one than everyone else
Thats everything i know about the occupation
Germany's 29
So simple
It's barbaric
Bathtub yes, but never seen two drains in a shower
You can only standardize regulations and build multi-system locomotives for certain routes
It's what, the fourth or fifth time now the King's of the USA are trying to murder NN, and they just keep trying until people grow tired of protesting
Just to sow more confusion
I love that
You are right but obviously it's about "the most polish" polish person
Your Asian massage story is my favorite
Didn't quite get what you meant, but I don't think Austria gets more international media attention than Denmark, I think they're pretty similar in impact
Eat your shit by yourself
Unfortunately this doesn't apply for me because it's not compatible with the contract I have at the moment, but holy am I looking forward to the change in a year's time
And other parts of Austria are fighting with the snow
They are made by cooking bacon (like the one above) in water until the water has evaporated, then they are heated until most of the fat has melted and the remains are fried until they are golden brown
Edit: she didn't use it on me - she just told me that they used it in their childhood
One is named in German and one in a slavic language.
I don’t care what you or anyone else drinks, and I don’t have to because I’m not drinking it
>By the way if you have this thing in your country for certain time, you sure don't find this complicated, but for me, who heard this for first time
when i was in krakow poland I heard that back when Poland was Split up between germany, russia and austria the Part that was in Austria-Hungary had the most luck relatively
This has to do with Catalonia right
as an Austrian i can confirm this.
So then why not let them marry?
The cooking book you get there is really good, my wife use it still today
The capitalistic system is working well in the modern world, but it needs its governmental regulations protecting the basic human needs
Honestly, I coudn't care less about citizenships in general
People shouldn't have to go through all the hassles of getting citizenship, especially here where you can't get ours without giving up your previous one
I have a month off before uni starts and can show you arround!
Wait am I just describing a typical Austrian café?!?
He always said that he was only following the masses but that was a flat out lie
The "youngest" Austrian state is (probably
As an Austrian I am not offended
I have never heard of anyone who ordered pasta
Almost all of Norway consists of North
Well, let's hope WWIII won't concern us
As a little "repayment" I also think that people from France where among the most friendly, topped only by Japanese and Swiss
If you count English, yes that's the expected standard
I'm not a very careful person
You can opt out of course
Translation: You're probably right
!!! Thank you, it is absolutely repulsive and I find myself completely disgusted with this as an adult now
[Shutdown Festival]
It‘s Suzuki Jimny all the way
Even tho I often cook with american recipes and read those words often.
They want their internal policies back.
And i read in our newspaper sentences like: he was threatened with violence if he did not let himself get arrested
Here we have a croatian dialekt that is considered a minority language but nether serbian nor croatian is considered one even though we have way more people speaking "normal" serbian or croatian then that one dialekt
And since none of that is illegal there is no incentive to change
> lately
In Austria pancakes are called Palatschinken and the donut without a hole is a Krapfen
And some Sachertorte
Prost *clink*
We used to have it, but it was removed in the 80s or 90s I think
Bread, like dark bread, or bread rolls
German-Catholic fascist in the conservative party trying to create a fascist state of their own and failing hard on the other hand
So are pigs, and I have no problems eating those
It's not all that easy finding reliable numbers for population like that
Austria's Foreign Minister Kurz wants to Block EU Membership Negotiations with Turkey [German]
Wages were way better and the peasants had more land available
House is about 100 years old, today the oldest building I was in was about 900 years old or so, though renovated and rebuilt over time.
PS: I‘m a serb myself
Well, for Austria it's probably the support for the nazi regime
Sounds great just like Italian and I could watch some films/series without subtitles
It's a mix of things from historical reasons to recent political decisions
Château de Chillon - a medieval castle on the shore of Lake Geneva
And after seeing this, I recommend [this version of the European hymn]
TIL
They lead the huge missinformation campaign against nuclear energy in the 70ies
Thanks for that insight
But I was told refugees cost nothing!
I thought the Lynel somehow caused the blood moon
:‘D It‘s a quite funny/weird thing and if you own a restaurant you get a lot of money out of it lol
I usually respect your comments, but in this case you're wrong.
My country is rather small and in the heart of Europe so for us it's very convenient to be part of the monetary union.
It was like an unspoken deal
Plus we still somehow manage to share a border with the Germans
People rant on St
Ok now you've got me hooked, I will follow czech politics from here on out
The second one is great
I think a "monarchist party" ran in a parliamentary election maybe 10 years ago, but they were more seen as a joke and got < 1% of the vote.
The "Königlich bayerische Greifenreiterkorp", of course
Ois Piefkegschroppn
Vdb (the green party candidate) is Tyrolean, so maybe that's why he was so strong in some Tyrolean regions and Vorarlberg (the far West) is historically always more leftish, than the rest of the rural areas.
Austria is even worse
From a historical perspective, they have endured much suffering and despite that, kept going.
pro tip: dont shit into fans and you wont have that problem, and can leave some TP for other people
[Try spotting this McDonalds in Salzburg.]
How else would we do it then tho?
Getting Bavaria isn't a reward, its a burden.
I would say our educational system is in tune with the europeam elections as well
The son of the current owner does ongoing Renovations currently
“. The irony was strong on this one, as Austria was horribly bad at warfare
Schwül means humid/timid weather, schwul means gay
Where do you get free buckets
Business as usual ?
Interestingly enough, Synagogues have 24 h police protection in Austria
I really want to learn to swordfight
It rained a lot here in the last few weeks, so I am happy it has finally warmed up a bit more
In Greece, where I grew up, it's pretty common
It's common to have a little bit of the neighboring countries, like the West of your map.
we suddenly didnt have the english speaking country in eu, but france and germany (and several other countrys) agreed to use english as their universal language in parlament (instead of forcing everybody to now learn france or german)
Most people speak at least English here but I’ve never actually heard of someone speaking in a different language so that their child doesn’t understand
And i didn't mean necessarily sink on sight, i also wrote turn back, for example the way Australia does it.
Also having worked 30h before I freely admit I am way more productive per hour back then
It's the most common second language in the EU, it's spoken natively in Ireland and Malta (and potentially hopefully soon Scotland again)
I don't live in Vienna, I'm from Tyrol and I'd say pretty much no one has such things as I've never seen one in my lifetime before
Jesus, that map would look disgusting
If I didn't travel to the UK a lot I might have gotten an ID instead of renewing my passport
You aren’t from europe
You should come again in Summer to visit the beautiful Lakes near Salzburg.
i think i'm smart enough not to get scammed ;)
To me its like a completely different languages
Internet seiten wie www
(a sharp turn)
We'll see
It was really terrible for circulation
I think that writing classical music was just a way for Austrians to look busy while procrastinating
We read and analysed each entire book
When i lived in a house with my parents the doors would be locked only during night
The Gynecologist of my wife works also in a hospital and we were once there for a checkup and asked the nurse if Dr.
(abgesehen davon, dass der/das Radler einfach gut ist)
[Flunky Ball]
only used in literary works though
This may be supposed to be the Rostock-Russia traject, which is still open to some extent
One time an older women came up to us and asked whether we were Swiss because of our rough pronunciation.
If anything the "solution" is to give the schools even less money than they already get and definitely less than they need and deserve
It looks massive in person too btw and transitioning there from the normal moscow feels insanely unreal
Health problem with your circulation, that can mean blood pressure, blood sugar, slight fever, or any other ailment really
This; plus you can easily find extremely ignorant comments made by europeans about american issues.
VW, it was also a little funny how everywhone acted like a personal attack during the emissions scandal.
19° - 20°, that's comfortable for me
One of the biggest problems city developers face is how they have to build around ancient ruins when they want to build new stuff, especially in the center
Not me but a friend who almost never travels out of the country: Smoking in restaurants and bars
There are always influences from other languages
My family in Austria complains about prices too..
Yeah ofc, my mom told me a bunch of while she was pregnant with me and of when she was pregnant with my brother but sadly she‘s very forgetful
Have you ever heard of the tragedy of Darth Plagueis the Wise?
"in varietate concordia" - united in diversity
8 beds per *1000 residents
Not every week then, if you're talking about periods
Though I do agree that it is kind of ridiculous, they could be saving money elsewhere
Not seeing any points against the Netherlands
Here people who live in a city and aren‘t farmers are considered weird
(The Wikipedia page for longest buildings is misleading, they measure around corners too)
"Feinschnitt"
Sadly I can't make use of the warm days now because I got some nasty angina but at least my girlfriend can go out a bit
I like that one too
One speaking a language that was written down by someone who was completly drunk
But those will vote for him anyway, because they never would vote the SPÖ, Green party or Neos
The silver one
As you said, renting it is a good option
I've honestly never seen that
Im Grunde war es früher sowieso nur rein sprachlich.
Now you're complaining about people's hatred for religion itself
And the [WU Campus] Has been used as a backdrop in quite a few Sci-fi-movies already
I am insulted
[Unless they are given Apaches]
Politics is condensed to a they vs
Giurgiu / Ruse Pyce straddle the border for exampl
Welp, guess my citizenship has just been revoked
>	Her rent is slightly lower, but she lives in a small apartment (and has a deal that isn’t available to the average person), and I live in (by European standards) a medium sized house
But all jokes aside - otk is alright
I really enjoyed it too, it is also very popular among my friends
Here's how I have experienced it: When a person has passed, you contact a "funeral company" and they pick up the body.
You had one job, man
It's called 'Buchstabierwettbewerb' in German, and I think it would make much sense with either long composite words or loan words which don't adhere to german spelling rules
We are trading with Turkey and the Saudis and you dont give a shit
In German this old meaning is still preserved in the word *Mitgift* (dowry, literally "with-gift")
the concept of having border posts everywhere is completely foreign
IMMIGRANTS ARE CAUSING AVALANCHES.
how dumb do you think I am, austerity is the wrong tool to deploy in a crisis
Is baby jesus a blonde girl angel in Slovakia like he is in Austria
History, social studies, languages, maybe even maths (like, learning how the pearl index works), or chemistry
And We have a particular fondness for blaming the germans for everything
5 hours
Edit: I‘m going to an engineering school so I barely have any other languages other than english
one night
Also I see that when abroad German and Austrian students spend more time together.
I also loved those annoying sounding parrots that are all over the place
It's still a very safe, prosperous and strong country
Our association with "orientalisch" is Asia Minor, Levant (100 and 1 night, if you want to think very stereotypically) but I have noticed that native English speakers mean Far East like China when they say "oriental" - How is it in your country?
They are very common in Austria.
And that new state would never be recognised by Spain, meaning they would never join the EU.
But can't you just pay that via online banking, like paying a paymentform online?
He was in the middle of asking her politely in english when she just answered in an Austrian dialect and we were all pretty surprised
r/rimjobsteve
Uhm
Rosegger is someone whom IMO the younger generations of Austrians have never heard of
The last soldiers left the country on the eve of the 25th of October 1955, part of the British forces
Snow
And an even bigger threat are all the one-portion-packages that are being used by greedy companies like Nestlé, etc
-> Diebie Bububeben veberstebeheben nibicht, wabas wibir sabageben
Fission has come a long way and is incredibly safe and Fusion is still entirely theoretical
Oh, I've heard German tourists order "Einen Palat-Schinken bitte" in my favourite restaurant
There is no state religion ?!?!
No one's stopping you but yourselves
You're not really concerned about your own house catching fire, but you're not quite comfortable with it either
hillary and the dnc admitted to working against sanders together, thats what the wikileaks leaks said and thats what the dnc apologized for.
I'm in Salzburg today for the Salzburg Philharmonic Orchestra, so no viennese concert for me :)
sold SK-105's and Pinzgauers to the middle east as well as organise the Austrian tank crews to go train up the Iraqi's etc
I go fully with [Arthur Schopenhauer]
Anything involving real estate agents and selling and buying houses, and families moving cross-country for work
Pölten, the capital of lower Austria, is ugly as hell
And give the west any importance
Aren't Londoners all Sherlock Holmes-y?
It was entertaining enough but not very objective and definitely a headscratcher
probably every single scene from the very good documentary series "Der Pennymarkt auf der Reeperbahn"?
Edit: Well technically speaking he did became Austria‘s dictator too*
I would like to refer you to this relevant wikipedia article I stumbled upon last week when I was on holiday in another EU country:
maybe even quarrel with them
And this was not the only time this happened to us.
Without a doubt [Karl Renner] here in Austria.
Pretty sure they are just trolling at this point.
Yeah
Here is [another drone image] that shows no signs of fire inside the interior of the church
Do you consider communist elections in Czechoslovakia also free and fair
Also Trump isn't exactly squeaky clean.
Before we were connected to public water, we also didn't drink the water from our well
One of the national radio broadcasters runs a protest song contest every year.
Verleihnix (Ordralfabétix) literally means "lends-nothing", which I actually find quite fitting for that character.
Some Restaurants had at 6:30pm "early bird" menues when I was visiting, used that much
Now that's a lifestyle I can get behind!
Depends on how old you are, but as far as I can remember we always had great tap water
I give you an example from an acquaintance of me, who was part of the ÖVP for 30 years
I second this motion
- 5 dead people so far -  one terrorist, four pedestrian now (09:25)
How do you answer the phone
I see, you have truly grasped the concept of Austrianness
My unit leader wanted to show us the mountains and the setting of some intense battle between the Austrians and ~~- no idea - the Turks maybe
Here's a quick overview of expenses you have to consider when you're buying (assuming an apartment that costs 100.000€ and a timeframe of 5 years):
It's.. weird
I think Switzerland is like the guy in the village which is related to everybody but prefers to be alone
Flag confusion
Our ROEs will be two thousand pages long and in 23 languages
The only thing we are missing in Austria is the sea
Incomparable to FGM
In the cities it's just a big show
Klagenfurt (originally Furt der Klagen which means "Valley of Lament")
I mean, they have the esta or what it's called for ages now which is basically a visa anyway (potato, ) so they are not upholding their part for the whole EU anyway, and I'd love for the EU to finally do something about it (apparently we're going to introduce an esta for Americans too, but that's just stopping to their level instead of having visa free travel for real)
You're very restricted in your actions, the taxes and the field of work.
I would say that as soon as I arrive at the southern border of Munich, I have to speak standard german
Syrians seem to be quite a bit more educated​ and willing to integrate than Chechens.
More than anything else religion.
The Austrian states are not really autonomous
It was at a discussion about denying the status of protection to deliquent/criminal asylum seekers/refugees
Don't do anything stupid
Freiberg is nice
Seaths usually correlate to kilometers driven and cars on the road and not population.
Please continue to pay our membership fees
Do you mean Köln
For more information, please visit r/aeiou or [Wikipedia] The short stoy is, anything before the first world war
When exploring (whether it's the surroundings or another country), public transport is inadequate
It's revisionism to make such a claim.
colonization plans just because a couple of ships accidentally sank would be a bad strategy even in a Civilization game.
Eg a brazilian friend of mine already speaks in full on dialect, my polish mom can‘t even speak properly standard german, because she only knows our dialect
The US, at its lowest point during the last few months, was still at 2/3 of its peak
what are they hoping to find
There are probably many cities where you can see that, sadly I live on the countryside tho
Much of Austria gets that amount of snow most years.
> Mykonos kind of, due to most tourists being mindless party goers
But I thought most things we read in school were boring
) - it's probably hard for you to understand how I could possibly have the opinion I have
>I guess it's less weird when you're from a coastal region where such names aren't uncommon
I was simply happy with my beer
I don't even wanna know how many 1970s German Porno movies have exactly that title
Cold: -20C - -5 C
I can do 200km/h, have a cigarette break / time out instead of getting a speeding ticket and then continue to do 200
There are some good funds like Vanguard, but they are not tax compliant in Austria, so they are not worth bothering.
Sad to see a Slovene write this.
And this result is without them.
[Uff]
No it's not
If you’ve seen that one photo everyone takes of it online, then congratulations you’ve already been there
Afair your birth/citizenship certificate (or documents created from that, such as a passport) + your positive proof that you finished high school ("Matura") and are allowed/able to study
And organisations that are somehow related to churches, e.g. charities like the Catholic Caritas, the Protestant Diakonie, the Catholic Dreikönigsaktion (little kids dressing up as the Three Wise Men, going from house to house around January 6th, singing carols, and collecting millions of euros in donations for projects in the third world), an others also have PR
And suddenly you're not working 60+ hours a week but both of you work 40+ hours a week
Nope
Is it still a joke even if it's true
And quantum mechanics make even the craziest things possible (i. e. quantum entanglement)
So maybe the windmills at Kinderdijk or even De Gooyer could do
Ähm I might be mistaken but I think there actually is something called ‚Austrian German‘, at least my dictionary says there is
Iirc it is
It is still not certain it was an attack in the sinagogue
A good schnitzel doesn't need any sauce
We even introduced border controls for mushrooms, because the Italians are picking tons and selling it in Italy
There are multiple classifications of this which differ according to what kind of historical development or regional differences you want to express
I think I adjust my personality not for the language, but for the people to whom I have to talk to in english
The rest of the Innviertel is veeeery blue though and therefore the only region in Upper Austria where Hofer was strong.
And it definitely gives publishers the argument of "look at the directive, the EU says it should be this way if we can't agree on something else
Yes
4 million, into a boring S&P 500 index fund
I want to see some asassin throwing someone out of a window in prag
- Mozambique
Do you use a microsoft account or do you log in without one (yeah the setting is quite hidden), did you opt-out of all tracking stuff (yeah it is pre selected), do you use the start menu
Since there is no reason to believe that Swiss (or Danish) articles are of a lower quality than UK papers it does show a general picture.
To show you respect other peoples health
Bahnhof Zoo (hab ich gehasst)
More often than not, they ruin a perfectly fine song for me
You get used to it
Rich people can't afford a private jet, you need to be super rich to afford that (in a sustainable way)
Das Joghurt
) and refers to Slavic speakers
Austrians eat proper Jägerschnitzel, without breading and with mushroom sauce
Sarsina	IT
and Hungary is nice too i guess.
Westbahn, ÖBB railjets, ÖBB ICs and DB ICEs offer sockets in both 1st and 2nd class.
At my grandma's it was always in the next room, though only five meters from the main table, really
Me and my mother just split up from the guide and discovered the city on our own (we both speak French well enough to get along)
Our chancellor suggested a while ago a mashine/robot tax and was heavy criticised for it.
I can't judge it very well, because of course like most others I've learned it passively over the years
Proper building regulations to tackle land consumption
Simone Giertz - [Shitty Robots] is very fun to watch
just been joking, its a cute little [nickname]
Because has a double meaning
It is refered to as the inofficial anthem of tyrol but it is not the state anthem
Basically at the time austrians considered themselves german as well
I recently listened to a podcast about Andrées expedition to the north pole with a hot air balloon, that ended in an usolved mystery in north eastern svalbard
Ask your local highway fire department, they likely already have one or two
Once a group of Brazilians came to Austria for a joint project with the automotive company I was working
I don't know if this counts as stupid or horrible, but here it goes:
I agree that we'll most likely not hear much about it again, although for other reasons
Usually we are slumped together with Bavaria and Switzerland for a general "Alpine German" stereotype with Lederhosen, Dirndl, Gamsbart, Alphorn and Maßkrug.
Pölten: sleeper towns to Vienna
I'm about halfway into the ahow and I love it
I knew it would be 'Vo Mellau bis ge Schoppernou' :D
Hopefully he can finally make their brexit dream a reality and we can move on from them having such a big impact on the EU to a lesser impact
No no it wasn't that
She was stupid
that song was so annoying - a nightclub special
Any zombie movie where people use lots of fire weapons and finde insane amounts of ammo
A close friend of mine is from Poland and has strong ties but at the same time after going to school abroad they studied in Austria and consider Vienna their home just as their childhood home in Poland
Thermostat in my apartment is always set to 23° but I think it's off, feels more like 21-22°.
Dornbirn feels you
The latter bears this name, because it's in Favoriten, where all the "Ziegelbehm" lived, i.e. all the Czech immigrants who came to work in the Viennese brick making industry in the 19th century
Which was one of the few fair redistribution of land after WW1 since the population got to vote on it.
Totally austrian (south tyrol)
Now try being poor in the US compared to Europe
with all pros and cons that entails
You can have an admin pre-approve of all postings.
Personally, I think you should dump half of this, or $36
"At that weird old house on the mountain
If you would get called a Nazi all the time you would just out of spite just as everybody would
You need a licensed company(there are close to none), you need to inform the state administration, city administration and veterinary Department and the city districts administration
Especially because he is usually doing better with postal votes
Didn't they even create an app where you can "anonimously" track your contact with other people
You‘re free to go somewhere else
Even though your people do so many tiny things that I absolutely can't stand (mainly linguistically, but also some habits), I can't help it but love all of you
That shit is a bit terrifying
If someone claims that historical documents (that have been researched and found to be authentic) are forged, you can not meaningfully comment on that other than to point out that they are not forged
tbh I've never seen a 200€ bill
Too romance language centered, if you want a pseudo-romance language, you can use latin proper.
5 degrees can also be freezing with a bad amount of humidity and much wind
But I guess it's more bearable than the others
^(*Irish is not an official "working language" of the European parliament, for practical reasons
Sometimes some politicians discuss dual citizenships but it seems to be not compatible with EU law and many other unsolved questions (Who is eligible?
(funny thing: in Salzburg where this movie was made apparently, there are tours to the filming locations...they aren't even offered in German because there is simply no demand, but in all other possible languages).
The hottest saunas we have are called Finnish Sauna, and they're about 90°
Not many countries are visa free to Russia and China.
3) Please don't
We actually had 2 hours of civic education, which was a jokebin retrospect
for me it's the Blue Danube waltz
He clearly did good with his deeds, but also was an active member of the Naziparty
as an austrian i always saw us as responsible for both.
Anastasia was a Fox movie, not Disney
Standard Austrian German is austrian
AU is Australia, AT is Austria.
>the polio virus
i told him i'm not giving him an opinion, im telling him that people will see him as a lunatic, he then said "i'm really trying to figure out where i was asking for your opinion" and thats it, good bye too crazy for me...
Last but not least, check out this nice [non-vocal flashmob version] that illustrates quite nicely on an emotional level why we can deem ourselves so happy to have something like the EU
Which he by the way helped to put down enthusiastically
But I will do that the next time I don’t have a pizza cutter
Zwentendorf has never been in operation (it still exists with all its systems).
Ich mach alles das, was ich verpasst hab
As long as that's not the case: allow them to vote
The difference is that Slovenia and Slovakia are only about 370km away from each other, while it's 14200km between Austria and Australia
There's a huge difference between "we'll get together in the evening and maybe have a beer and talk a bit", and "we all took some time and assembled everybody to hand you your keys and have you sign the subrental contract".
Oof shit really happened in 2020 for us
If Trump is any Italian he is Berlusconi.
Not really a thing
The EU would be stupid not to be in favour seeing as Scotland is pro eu
You get them in every supermarket, but even better ones in bakeries - which you will find everywhere.
It comes from geben/give
The situation was made worse when officers, in an attempt to restore order, shouted, "Halt
It was built in the late 70s and immediatly converted into storage units.
Keiner stinkt schöner
Come on, you can do better than just keeping Alsace
>	I own a car, she doesn’t. I could bicycle and use public transport to get around, but I don’t like to
Qatar 2022 is that tipping point for me
You can honestly wear it almost anywhere, it‘s that weird thing between formal clothing but not formal enough to be considered weird if you wear it on a normal day
It's awesome
>With the caveat that you'd probably have needed to have your future spouse be ok'ed by your parents
meanwhile, iceland offers to take in refugees and no one listens
Yeah ... we did that in the 5th (= German 9th) grade
On the evening of his loss Hofer [said, that the vote count of the postal votes is always a bit "strange"] So from the beginning they planted this lie that their opponents are going to do everything to manipulate the result.
Yeah but most bigger Austrian cities like Graz, Linz, Salzburg and Innsbruck are in Western Austria and therefore much closer to the "real" Alps than Vienna
Not anymore
What I know though is that they basically check if that name has been given to someone before in Austria
Austrian here, hes name is Alexander Van der Bellen and he is boss of the fraction who is green and they dont use cars
Is mayonnaise a language
The Faroe Islands have so much autonomy in fact that they are an equal member of the Nordic Council and operate representatives in both the UK and Iceland
It sounds alien to me because I can't place it.
I was warned against them in strongest terms as a kid, it was feared they would dumb me down.
If South Tyroleans are nothing but Racist Parasites you don't mind if we take them back, right?
Lakes are just as lovely
Marseille-Madrid and Frankfurt-Marseille).
Is there a reason why Andorra and Luxemburg got a mention but others like Liechtenstein, San Marino or Vatikan did not
My mother forbid me from seeing him again, and then decided to set me up with a guy from Russia two weeks later despite the fact that I was still in a relationship with him
How are you guys doing
[The scene]
Id say they arent really comparable, they are just way too different
That way there's a constant stream of water outside, while air can get inside in the middle
But he gave the word the meaning it has today
Die Grünen (the green ones), because they‘re known for not doing the shit their party is supposed to do/stand up for
But I tried to explain the difference to my American relatives and in the end they said "OK so taxes
Yup same here
None of those is true for Catalonia
He told me once that they were very happy when the soldiers left
Do you prefer them or English memes
Not worse than calling Texas "the South".
South tyrol should be labelled "Germany" :)
The very few times I do this is when no one has commented so far on a question that I find interesting, and I want to tell OP that his question is reasonable and good
Übersetzungssoftware des 21
What do you mean
-Somebody broke into my parents' house when I still lived there
I mean with [Sissi] we have already one
That's not the real channel of the Musikverein though - if you go to channel info you see that it is seated in Singapore, and only has 2 videos uploaded
But the west sahara had its own problems already with morroco trying to take it over while the locals rejected that
The perfidious Albion exploited this by forcing a free trade agreement that included cloth on Portugal
Haha those were awesome, I think I remember one where that lever actually shifted the window over in the frame instead of disengaging a bolt
I tried forcing one open with a screwdriver (the one to check for electricity) and couldn't do that
Ibiza Scandal
We have our own accent we ain’t Tryin being German ...
If you see what's happening and don't do anything about it, then you are complicit.
Beef taste better in the US, dunno why exactly.
This is a dumb idea TBH, it would cause many problems
No I can't think of anything too similar to your story
Saying "Sinn machen" or "das macht Sinn" is totally normal in Austria, I think germans use "Sinn ergeben" more than us
I'd consider 3 years or less a short-term investment.
Sonetimes the Netherlands because if the tourists
The land they settled became after the first WW Ro Austria
...do monarchs just sit in the General Assembly
When the finish sent a contingent to the Golan as UN peacekeepers, the first thing they built (even before decent barracks) was a sauna
A no deal brexit will most likely break it up leaving only england and wales in the uk
Kühe = Kia
In case you forgot, the German people wanted Hitler as their Führer and he was the Führer of nazi GERMANY when he committed atrocities
It's literally too close to call at the moment.
Language wise: Germany and Switzerland
Especally if you would have to the country as a whole.
Welschriesling, Grüner Veltliner and Blaufränkisch are very common in Austria and cheap to get.
Ukraine is bigger
Move vital industries back to Europe and recognize the RoC
(mal eine andere Art der "Deine Mudda" Konversationen im Internet)
Also reusable
Austar meaning east and the latin word Austri meaning south
Do people still want the areas back?
- I watch ski jumping on TV, when it's on
Those are the Most common
So the smallest bottle they sell is half a gallon
If I could change one thing about tourists it would be that they stop doing that
>However most people probably don't know that they are based in Austria
Austrian here, totally grew up with Asterix and Obelix
Are you aware of the phrase "menj a francba"? No offense, just curious
"Käsekrainer" is the Austrian variation where you infuse the Krainer with cheese
You don't have to, it's fine to leave them in, but you can
I'd avoid sneakers, sweatpants, or baggy clothes; nothing with logos on it; nothing too casual; and nothing too colorful
AFAIK Graz was founded by slavic tribes, hence the name
When I look out of the window and see the other side of the valley, where the sun shines a lot more, they don't have any snow
> They got it back but I don’t know if they paid for it
I mean the old movies are quite average, it's more nostalgia
also as i mentioned since non-bank ATMs in slovakia don't exist you have no reason to not trust an ATM
Italians are extreme tight-rope-walkers and it's really very fascinating
Longterm
Austria has the honour of being the first country ever to officially end up in last place
They mostly attack fruits
I can't remember being discussed a lot in public about it
I went there three times with friends and we always met a lot of people and had amazing experiences
No and no
politically and organizationally it's the same thing, just a different name for the position; or rather, for some reason a specific English translation exists for the position
Schnitzel
Was that pun intended
That's why I prefer EU regulations over EU directives
I guess the appeal was that it was the most caffeinated drink before Energy drinks were available
Milk and gas cost pretty much the same as in Bulgaria it seems.
They should introduce a €10 multiple entry visa that is valid for 2 years, payable online.
But nowadays every single rape, robbery and murder gets put on the news and it makes us feel less safe
It has not been picked up by other news outlets so there is no better source for it.
The mountains
The word is new, not the premise.
Sometimes it devolves into vandalism though (mostly when people are too drunk during pranking)
Everything nightmare level
There's many descendents from Galicians in Vienna
It's the only food where I would stand up and leave if you eat one next to me
Austria
I woud say it isn't just or skiing areas but most and definitely all the bigger ones
true nobility comes not from being better than others but from being better than your past self
Krautsalat is wonderful and tasty, but Sauerkraut tastes like unwashed moldy socks
Yeah, I have some of them too and honestly I've got no idea what the text means
Of course it is a neighbor country but I have to mention Switzerland
Stephen's Cathedral] in Vienna.
I like cats
Or I can just not worry about data usage :)
Shame on all airports that don't provide free tap water (or filtered, if tap water isn't drinkable there) behind security
Typical Austrian overregulation and bureaucracy
You can see that regularly in Vienna, the often park close to the harbor
every single muslim I've met, and I've met about 50 or more, despises ISIS and other radical muslims
France isn't the only European country, in which they're trying to interfere with their alt-right memes.
I talked to a dutchman who lives in austria for years so he knows the region
A woman succumbed to her injuries
Also some websites: "Fuck off, we don't want you anymore" as I just found out:
Yes, that's exactly how they work
A E I O U
I don't think a country stretching from Bregenz to Ushgorod without the same distance north-south could work in any way
Never seen those two things in my life before.
a lot of books, but Austrian ones:
Yeah, Austria is on your side here
Stop your prejeduces and do some research
I say me importa un coño, estoy hasta el coño etc
Let's see how the Brexit unfolds
It has been 9 years
Yeah, that's so funny
It is different to what some regions in Germany call schilcher
Well
Mohnflesserl ftw
48° ... close enough ... it's fine, really
It‘s probably also the reason why I practiced my English so much to the point where I barely have an accent/have the American Accent
I barely went outside
Its the year 230
Otherwise it is the burgenland or the austro-czech border
Trump just told everyone we have "forest cities" and "more explosive trees", so at the moment, a lot because we love to see our country mentioned, it's not a regular occurence outside of documentaries about the Nazis
Both from my own experiences and from what my parents say
Cos the european understanding is 2 and to some extent 3
And it might be weird as an Austrian saying I prefer more like not mountainous countries and places (even you have spectacular views on a mountain)
the packaging in cans makes them feel like an artificially-flavored "unhealthy food". if there's sausages in them, they're the soft, canned, sad kind
1219-1370 is around 150 years
doesn't make it less bullshit though
Since primary and middle schools aren't managed federally, they can have other measures put in place
**OK, to finally clear up the confusion (mostly my own), I made this:**
(Was always a unpolitical man and hated the nazis from the beginning)
I haven't heard this name in years
You know what's worse
But the  movement, it's arguments and the science behind it would still be valid, no
I'd say Vienna feels the most foreign to a majority of Austrians
With Brexit the job stealing brown people will finally go back to Czechoslovenia
It lasted 2 days or something
I usually drink milk/cholocate milk in place of coffee
So less of a genetic link to modern day greeks but more of the modern day Turks being descendentd of a population in a largely culturally "greek" (read culturally, religiously and also linguistically influenced) multiethnic empire
In the end, an argument about who has the right to raise his flag on the tower of Akkon resulted in a new defensive wall for Vienna and 2 new cities being founded in Austria
The main attraction of the city is a statue of the metallurgist
People seem to not understand that Germany/Austria/Switzerland's borders **to each other** have been the ones that have been there the longest
I'm pretty sure there are many FPÖ voters who wouldn't mind that, yes
And im kinda disappointed if Viennese People use it, its not very creative
* The oldest written record about this name etc
30 pm) so Golden Girls was on (not a kids show)
I'd live [here] much of the year.
Totally depends on the area
Lmao I love that and totally agree with you
I did
I did get an apartment in Vienna, although many people from my original area commute to Vienna for work every day.
EU: threatens to sanction hungary to get rid of hungarian dictatorship
;-)
Oans, zwoa, drä, fia, fümf, segs, siem, ocht, nä, zehn, ööf, zwöf
Does not change the fact that basic infrastructure is not gonna break down from something like this
Geographical knowledge: About nil
Afaik the original version is "everyone who doesn't jump is a Jew" which goes back to at least the 1960s, if not
Wienerberger - world's biggest manufacturer of bricks and roof tiles
although not so sure about the C part in this instance
For me from iceland to the Ural mountains, excluding kazakhstan, to the caspian sea,including the 3 caucasus nations, excluding turkish parts in europe, but including cyprus
[According to this list] she teaches Spanish in the Irish- and the Serbian-language versions
If you start correcting somebody people will think you are super smart no matter how much bs in your arguments is
One thing to try once I visit one of the Nordic countries.
Püppchen = Pupperl
Our media here was actually pretty good in analysing why people voted for Trump.
Take the fuck it and do your job
Most people have one (or 2), but they are not used much
Not every server does it but it does happen
I don't know any EU countries besides them that allow self defense for every citizen
One issue with my grandmothers bidet might have been, that it was a seperat thing
Maybe if another Austrian who does know sees this can answer you
I once talked to an upperclass englishman and he said that he's never seen a people that's as elegant as the Austrians.
Hard to believe
Not one more millimetre for Hereditary power.
**EDIT:** Alright, I added the comma, hot damn
Or "Lügenpresse" (lying press), "Systemmedien" (mainstream media), "Ostküsten-Eliten" (east coast financial elites), "kulturelle Marxisten" (cultural marxists), or "[insert well-known Jewish businessman]" (nowadays usually George Soros), which is all good old Nazi-slang, directly from the 1930s, all dogwhistling towards "tha Jeeeews".
000 before taxes so around 2
However probably it's older than that
Austrians *believe* we have a football rivalry with Germany, although we were never a real match for them.
Well i can tell you as an austrian there no big changes lol
But if i would have to guess, i would say that a snall majority would be probay against it, becauase people here have generally a more conservative opinion on this whole gender stuff.
Obviously WW1 did more damage to my region as we were split in two parts but the rebellion is very much what defines and unites the people of north and south tyrol to this day
Blame your government not the EU.
Good times
Show don't tell, especially as they had shown all that stuff anyway I don't think there was a need to tell it as well
Nice username btw
Guess it because we're neutral
Before this turns into a rant of my dad: I usually say I‘m Austrian, because I barely know any Polish and was born here
We don't do that here
I personally think it's a more interesting and worthwile topic than all the lame Christmas market/winter pictures.
That's a very viennese thing to say
Skis also
May 1904, Congo] Humans can be so, so cruel
hello gugu
That is not an excuse for doing stupid things
I wonder if somebody is documenting the deaths of all those Palestinians and tallying them up like that.
People in Vienna still complain about it all the time.
Some of these rules say that if you stay only temporarily (under 6 years) you can vote, so I don't know what you mean by "somehow convince officials that your stay abroad is only temporary".
well that depends on what you mean by complexity.
Austria = Österreich (Eastern Realm)
the goal is liberty, not democracy.
Would recommend a rip off 5/7
I totally mis-read the female graph
Plus, especially for things that are not just used by one (sub)dialect group, like this, I feel it makes sense to use standard as a way to "generalise". I know that the Burgenländer I live close to wouldn't pronounce it the same, for example, but they do use the phrase too
Maybe but I would say at least as far as Austrian leaders are concerned this is probably the first time in years that Austrians are not entirely unhappy with who leads the country.
If we actually need to use our tanks to defend ourselves anytime soon then there are two options:
" Peracetic acid is a strong [oxidizing agent] and severe irritant to the skin, eyes, and respiratory system
really popular in Austria, we have that instead of baked beans quite a lot
Three of those people had already died in the last two years, and he put himself on that list as well
Austria is pretty cool like that
Good times
There was once an iconic figure of the KPÖ called Ernst Kaltenegger who made even more impressive numbers than Elke Kahr now.
Mentality and culture wise countries or regions that used to be part of the Empire are usually also closer than a lot of Austrians realize (often even closer than Germans), the language barrier is real though
I don't understand what you mean here.
Just privatize a bit more infrastructure, clearly there's some great business opportunity to be had there
The language difference was made more noticable (not the dialects, they already were)
> Already above standard for Austria
It's a bit same in Austria, but it seems the organ donor view is more stretched to every rider.
They work together with a museum within China
Wow I never even noticed
Until this day the operators can limit the data or charge extra for non local use.
&#x200B;
Just sad that at the moment it's really hot and all the snow is smelting/ its not snowing anymore.
Thats a new bathroom
It is difficult to pronounce the hard Ch in this word
but then it's Russia :P slovak flag needs a redesign
What are the chips now
Switzerland: I love their language
When I posted my comment we hadn't known about the death toll or that hand grenades were involved.
What do you mean with hostile rethoric ?
Honestly, the entire first republic seems to have been just one ridiculous mess after another
Remind me how many Volcanoes are there on our Planet
> That Leprechauns are like Irish pygmies IE a seperate ethnicity to other Irish people
E.g. Welsch is related to Wales, Wallachia and Walnut etc
- It's Susan
They have debit card, but it's currently only available to German and Austrian accounts.
I always think to myself that I'm not travelling to a City just to look at all Tourist spots and drive with public Transportation.
give me one of those net guns that are used for catching drones
(eg
Flying back from Berlin was weird AF, because I was basically checking the news every few minutes if I were even allowed back into the country without being forced to go into quarantine or some shit
my GF is from abroad and studies in Vienna
We have them in Railjet trains (high speed trains), but (unfortunately) nobody gave a shit and I think a lot of people did not notice
That policy from the 1999's black-blue 400 IQ government is finally paying of and skiing is dying out
It was just easier for everyone
Thank you France for Robert Schumann
So what do you guys do
They are more popular with more educated and younger people
how could you possibly accept someone as corrupt as that in a political position?
when I was young, I guess nothing and they would get the beer.
That went to the point of parliamentarians assassinating each other over this nationalist mentality
Austria is also before Germany
While Halloween is already incredibly commercialized in the US, it is nothing but a money grab in Europe
Even when spelling it closer to pronunciation that problem stays, plus now the words look/feel really weird
Don't do sports either, but am always warm from my childhood days
Price is not something that the supplier can decide on his own.
Tap water is as clean as can be
Insecure or showing off
I would say the current view is mostly realistic
well, no one accused the russians of lacking balls, regardless of gender.
Holy crap, I didn't know my keyboard has so few haceks
Also fjords
>Tschinggala (From Italian "cinque" - 5)
Rarely I'd say
one unverified story even became a legend and a song: "oh du lieber augustin".
Ha, I had an Santa Fe Superchief toy when I was a little kid so I fought US was the land of cool trains, the whole Western movies turning around trains and tracks didn't help to correct me
Do you have a source for that
Right wing orange fuckhead is my personal reason.
See France and Russia staying in place \*phew\*
More common old-fashioned names would be "Fritz", "Franz", "Hans", ...
Parks and such too of course, especially since not everyone can live in the city and have their own garden too.
Cards on the other hand, even though more and more places accept them, are still quite often not accepted
It also flips from horizontal to vertical at 21
The Fiaker carriages in Vienna
Both of them are worse than Ottakringer in my opinion
LAND DER BERGE
On goal seems to be to dispearse any "danger" of a kurdish controlled area, directly next to the turkish border (which would resemble ethnical distribution).
you should be able to drop the class at school)
Keeping it in the bathtub also helps filter any mud from the pond out of the fish, a common complaint about carp is that it tastes like a swamp
It was only changed last year, until then every kind of alcohol was legal at age 16 in Lower Austria, Burgenland and Vienna
Switzerland = Schweiz (here it's vice versa lol)
No washing/Air drying of white clothes/bed sheets between Christmas and Epiphany
] It's boring, ugly and insignificant
I'm sorry, I never intended it to be passive
Am I not understanding the balkans right or is it really more of a polygon
That's what happens when you have a socialist city council ;)
Also, compared the Anglisations of German(ic) names like Fried**rich** to Frede**rick**
more recent heroes could be: Arnold Schwarzenegger, Hermann Maier, Andi Goldberger, Wayna Pawiasek ([what a gwoup]
It's idiotic to expect no consequences from artificially burdening your economy with competitive disadvantages.
Additionally if you weren‘t middle class, meaning your family didn’t have a lot of land or were merchants you wouldn‘t be married off for gain
Gotthard, but Sopron is never called Ödenburg.
In Austria it's technically illegal, too, but there is no punishment
drücken = druckn
Der Eierschalensollbruchstellenverursacher
For those who took natural sciences it's a little different, but I'm not too sure how exactly.
The definition isn't as clear in real life
The closest equivalent to PiS is the AfD
3) Yes I am male, so what
The Dancing House is cool
You might not like that - but that’s how it is
I commented on it [above] but I think over here it's actually -3 charisma
Their dialect is more related so Swiss German than the rest of Austria where the dialects are related to Bavarian
&#x200B;
The greens have become more centrist and the SPÖ is a bit too old fashioned and not actually that left wing
I even brought it with me on occasions, but sadly never more than the one bottle I fill at the airport after the security check
Good observation
Let's make them built some more nuclear energy plants without using them.
In Austria most people could speak written German but hardly anyone does so as every part of Austria has dialects
An explanation of what these figures mean:
) and actually know how to speak it a little bit I‘d identify with both too, but at the moment not really
>The door needs keys to open from the inside
Austria has a real bad reputation of being Xenophobic, which I‘m 100% not
Some states have cards that contain the date you become 21 , so bouncers don't have to calculate your age
yeah, I thoughts he s very unknown in the States.
It absolutely is our second anthem and sums up a lot about us Austrians
But it's good, feel attacked, because on normal roads you should drive like a sane person
i always thought it was austrian, and it literally translates to "save your money" (i didnt think it was german bcs it doesnt really exist in germany)
Especially if people that are residents here but are not citizens can not vote
"er" pretty much becomes "a" if you do since you make an "a" anyway when transitioning from "e" to "r".
The only thing that's"raising fears" seems to be the Telegraph with its line of reporting.
I always wonder how much of what they say is true and how much of it is bias, so I find it interesting to see that you seem to have a similar impression as they do
It's not what you say, but how you say it!
once again, we are too close to Germany for our own good
We had a few disputes with the turks, but those were ~500 years before WWI
I like it
> Many of the decisions in top sports feel very strange to me and i wonder what my tipping point will be to lose the last bit of interest
Kinda like a sibling
But from the Turkish perspective, a strong, inofficial Kurdish state right in their backyard is obviously not in their geopolitical interest for a multitude of reasons
I think minus the catholic aspect the UK might be similar
- Imperialism
• Not enough time is spent on truly important things, instead we have art class, music class, PE and fucking RELIGION class
For us down here it didn‘t do anything tho except that some people now have little cases for their cigarettes so they don‘t have to look at the diseases or sometimes corpses
The US is not reliable enough, especially not with Trump
Edit: if one of them is neutral, how is it depicted most commonly ?
Ungarn hungern ungern
here they are holding a debate, good way to learn about them on a personality level:
Replacing Viennese with Carinthians would NOT be an Improvement
Basically a European Version of Nato.
Only heard it because some guy (from Vienna) said that he didn´t know they existed until a branch of Leberkas Pepi opened in Vienna and sold them there
In a more serious note - he has no real power afaik ? And the parties in power are apparently not so eager
Kinda depends on where you're from
But there is one thing that annoyed the absolute crap out of me and every colleague - don't go to people and just greet somebody in their native language
Pennala	IT
I'm not an expert, but I think you don't have to invest in Germany to take advantage of the currency situation.
>I personally don’t even count Swiss German as German because who tf can even understand them besides the Swiss
Well, the "Proporz" is really a very typical Austrian thing
If I remember correctly, they were refering to the crime rate.
", but now I like it much better than Julian
That name came about because on the piano you can play both soft and loud, whereas on its predecesor, the cembalo (harpsichord), every note you played was the same volume no matter how hard you pressed the key
They‘re shortcuts for ae, oe and ue
I don't know how scientists get compensated by publishers
I guess that helps
I realized I completely lost track about the Why of each side of the argument.
Well, I live near a road that has gotten its name because there were a lot of ancient roman coins found there
As a matter of fact, around the year 1900, [a lot of people actually lived down there]
It was about the beer and the coworkers, not alcohol
But eventhough the NADSP was illegal in austria, it had a huge base
When they were done with US citizens, they closed all counters except for 4
People being constantly negative
Now on lovely 1000/50 fttp
Ned mein Kaffee - not my coffee
the "shitty pic" is there for a reason :b
Blunzn is a blood sausage, and also a pejorative expression for a stupid or annoying woman
Well what was your favourite wine
I come from Niederösterreich and grew up bilingual (hungerian-german) and moved to Wien
Anyway
On normal days too, if you felt like it, just grab a beer and keep working
Agreed - with the exception of questions that are probably interesting for other European readers -
I identify as human first, european second and flatland austrian third (I'm not patriotic at all though, quite the opposite actually).
Edit: Unless you're hiking
Have thought about invading France and shipping the French to the Falklands as cheap (free) labour on the rock farm's there
You voted to remain, thsi would have been ok to say if you would have chosen to remain, but you didn't, you were one of two that voted leave, so you deserve the hate
I once watched a BBC production where they used that melody to introduce the Rhineland and I was utterly outraged and finally understood cultural appropriation - it's not German goddammit
Have you actually taken them up on that promise or do they just promise it?
A e? I a.
PS: the berries they sell at the market there, are they really handpicked in Lapland
Austria doesn't have a mandatory insurance system like the other countries you listed
I am *very* serious about making generalizations based on stereotypes
>I was in Vienna a few weeks ago, your bread is like German bread, the food is like German food, the beer tastes like German beer and your towns look like German towns
Ulrich Seidl even made a nice movie about it
But the constant memes about "actually austria started both world wars because hitler was born in austria" are still incredibly annoying
I mean Vienna is a backwards hellhole as well after all :p
I don't think Brezina is regional to Vienna
Let's warn him/her of Greater Serbian sentiment in a Yugoslav project
wärn wir nur so effizient wie die Deutschen immer
Problem is there are other crazy maniacs who deserve to die and if you kill one you may well wind up with worse ones.
Not leaving before they throw me out
A truly Austrian song that was really overplayed imo was [Eine ins Leben by Pizzeria und Jaus] But it‘s quite a good song so I‘m not complaining
But one day I'll get be able to get a 10/10.
I mean it's one thing to spread propaganda in war but to still believe it 100 years later is pathetic
We do, in the trains through bigger cities
One of the little stories was that he had to carry a friend from a 3rc floor party down the staircase, which actually entailed carrying her down 6 floors
Putin likes to kill with low dose Polonium 210
It was totally worth it
my experience is vastly [different] Wiener Arbeitermilieu bzw
Right now driving I with the bus home
&#x200B;
Sure
Also, they just dubbed the English parts, but not the French ones
Liechtenstein: Well
It's not like the German president is directly elected, that makes it a lot less interesting, since the outcome can be easily predicted.
HC strache and Norbert Hofer...
One interesting German word is "arm", meaning poor but then you have "arm" in English which means the body part
That just means "We" in German.
At least in Italy, they forbade doing this
Saying "Flemish is a dialect of  Dutch" is of course as much hyperbole as saying "Austrian German is a dialect of German" (it's actually 2, 4, 9, or a few dozen, depending how you wanna count it), just as the word "dialect" is not very precise (for the same reason)
He was really surprised other countries banned it many years ago
I think that may have been the joke.
France follow suit, maybe, but Germany?
I mean who are you realistically going to replace Putin with?
Learn articles with the nouns
Well, as employee you don't experience it much different, you are automatically insured and get the rate substracted from your salary.
I really like the short and simple and yet meaningful language
Apart from the fake outrage this is a non-issue and shouldn't even be news.
If you got a whole system set up with licenses and regulations it is legal and regulated no matter what you call it or the nominal status of the bar owners.
If you cross the border as a single male person then it's very likely they will inspect you
) with it
Hahaha
"Our massively outdated military will easily keep Germany at bay
Once global warming hits hard that'll be the only places still suitable for human life
There is probably no bigger failure in US policies than their public education.
that sounds like a bad urban legend.
I would leave out the nationality and call him a German speaking writer.
Italy can't betray all of us
At least that was not intentionally haha
But this is *defeatier* defeat
What excursions did your school do
tiny budget: probably very bad translations -> english
The room with the books with all the names of the people who died there
Not only that, the thing back then was that Austria had no identity.
Yeah I have no problem with Computer, Handy and so on
I mog koan Kas, donksche
Eg " I hab einen Einser bekommen"  and she says " Ich habe eine Eins bekommen"....
Attnang-Puchheim is even worse in my opinion
They are either e-tickets on the smartphone ,print at home or paper tickets
They sure aren't the "actual happiest" ever.
Laws are laws and repealing anti Nazi laws doesn't win you any votes.
I can't really understand the hate.
The Taurus is a real nice engine, to bad of the lack of real high speed tracks in Austria
As former resident of Bregenz which was founded by the Romans (Brigantium) I am confused it is not on the list
zahlen wen dafür)
It was just weird at the beginning
Ja, fast 100 Jahre später kann man das natürlich mal so lässig behaupten goi
Burgenland means "castle land/country", but the castle it refers too are nowadays not in Burgenland anymore, but in Hungary and Slovakia (depends what you count, it was first named "four castle country" but after Pressburg (Bratislava) became a part of Czechoslovakia, it was renamed to castle country refering to 3 castles which stayed in Hungary when part of it became Austrian)
Knowing the salaries of people who works longer in the company or higher in hierarchy would help me understand, if it makes sense to stay in the company
Carrying is another license though
People
Tho you get to visit mist of them sooner or later (in school, excursions, work, etc
I am going to be controversial and say Kafka, and if that's not allowed then Wolf Haas.
Even if they did, reinstating it later still makes it an interwar one
Or anything I‘d see in Austrian cuisine at all (For obvious reasons
> Second thought; are apricots grown in Austria
I didnt know that pictures can hurt so badly
Of course, most of it used to be part of our country anyways.
In other places it is quarter past ten, half eleven, quarter before/to eleven
Show don't tell, especially as they had shown all that stuff anyway I don't think there was a need to tell it as well
Also from Vienna
Even though you are of mixed heritage and Irish is quite likely the "smallest" percentage?
Then we find the Old High German name *Wenia* in a Latin text from around the 9th century, which certainly derives from *Vedunia*. That eventually turned into *Wien* or *Wean*.
Geographical knowledge: About nil
They used to squabble with Israel and the reps of the austrian jewish community quite a bit.
I mean it brought us Coffee
Not so long after = earliest records of adopting it are from the mid 14th century [according to the official website of Denmark, denmark
all we're seeing is a reactionary Aspirin handout with some homeopathy sprinkled over it *after* there was a public outcry of just ignoring the entire thing.
Did you get on the train
Would've worked perfectly if it wasn't for the serbs
Turns out lots of railway is a bad indicator.
in my opinion it is always neccesary to question whether the orders given to you are moral as well as legal before carrying them out
I'm production manager in one of our steel plants, and I know from our history that our plant was very close to shutting down in the early 90s, we joined the EU and our order book exploded to the point we built a new plant (the most modern one on the planet at the time.) The EU was hugely benefitial for us, in fact, I think as a small landlocked country with highly developed export oriented industry, we would be rather screwed if the single market ceased to exist.
Du soidadsd wissn das i da beste in meim Johrgong woar beim Jogdkommando und i hab a scho a boa Einsätz im Sudan ghobt mit iwa 300 Leit di i ogmurkst hob.
Also the idea itself of thanking someone just because they do any kind of job instead of for a particular reason ("thanks for keeping my or their house from burning down" vs.
> Österreich (Austria) itself kinda fits that
You smell werse than a dozen ro''en eggs drenched in a burrel of vinegur
The normal dialects are spoken by nearly everyone and are not a minority language
In "other demographics" you can [see] that the number of more men to women is insignificant
Imagine you are left leaning and you really like WANDL, you could vote for WANDL and hope they get into the parliament
Would not be different in any other country, including the US
Along with one out of 10 european zoos that‘s actually allowed to keep pandas and protect them
But tbf we get taught a lot about it in school (at least I did) so it may be touchy, but we still do talk about it
I originally had Fucking in the Tourism-map
Yes
Its always the damn nationalists ruining the day for everyone
Yeah it would be, but I never thought about it
Those are perishables, so probably those are rebated and it's cheaper than wholesale, and some shop owner went at it
JuSt ShIfT gEaR lol
Like, what do they do for a living
Seeing this you'd think they're good at invading
This is Kirschwasser, Vișinată is more like Kirschlikör (or Weichsellikör to be more precise)
KommR i. R. Dipl
Yeah,german party Songs in the early 2010s sure were
For example Spain is thought to have declined because the abundance of silver and gold from their colonies made it cheaper to buy a lot of "high tech" goods from England and Holland
I think Glock is the complete opposite of unknown
If I do sports in the morning and I cannot combine the after-sport-shower with my evening-shower then it's 2x.
Anzeige ist raus
Worldwide :D
well, I‘d say that‘s your username
Both didnt shoot
Search for the word in /r/Austria and there are quite a few posts
The things I didn't understand I could pretty much all get through context
Is that blur Xavier Naidoo
And how much percent of the Ketamine consumption
In Austria there is a law allowing you to make copies for example of music CDs for your personal usage, e.g. a safety copy
Geb ich dir recht :)
Thats what I meant with "something big happened".
You'd have to go and get it registered before you can drive it here
Such a beautiful country with such bad politicians :/
It means no but yes, essentially, is that the same for you
Things like holidays, birthdays, weddings I miss because I’m here
I have observed the same thing.
Don't you dare to touch Mozart.
Sellerie = the root, can be specified as "Knollensellerie" (tuber sellery)
Kohlmarkt
Of course [I Am From Austria]
It's amazing how many Croatians speak German.
Well, English dialects evolved in pretty different directions
What power does the president have?
Never again even though the sea level is raising (insert sad emoji here)
Shooting in the head is quick when you aim right, but when an animal panics some misses are unavoidable which can be very painful and cruel.
The Austrian German is different (and way better) than the Germany german
Me too
If you want to consider it an "outside event", the collapse of the Soviet Union and the resulting fall of the Iron Curtain.
You'll either get fined or beat up
Watching TV shows in English is probably the most effective method to improve your speech comprehension.
> San Sebastian
Well, the Austrian one kind of, the first part, but otherwise not really
There's lots of European countries that are coming off centuries of war with one another.
On average, not in a worst case scenario
Really
I always dreamed of a assassin's creed in Vienna around 1900
March 1933:
It is pretty difficult, even though german english very similar is
I'm slovak and that's exactly how polish sounds to me
We still have a shit manager though, so it probably won't matter
Erdogan & how he controls the turkish people living here.
The University of Vienna is the largest University in the German speaking region, with over 90
Well that‘s not right
But genetic tests prove there is no non-European ancestry in todays Ukrainians.
Last time their machine was out, it took 8 days to fix it, because the technician couldn't come earlier.
At least the R.E. Techer obly said basically don't fuck around and If you so at least use condoms and then He let us watch "Kids". Btw Drug education in R.E. was watching "Requiem for a Dream"
The way that the Austro-Hungarian elites pitted the orthodox Serbs, the catholic Croats and the muslim Bosniaks against each other in order to maintain power was reminiscent of British rule in India
I personally prefer using the app if I need to go outside Vienna by train, while I use my yearly ticket to travel within the city
Definitely gives off more vibes of the latter
So the overall market share isn't really that high
So basically they would create the problem and then use it as a strawman
unless you drink diluted ethanol
In the later phase of the campaign, they started calling VdB a nazi, a communist, a spy of the eastern block (while always claiming that Hofer had better relations to Russia) and a neoliberal
Germany has a "Versicherungspflicht", but Austria has a "Pflichtversicherung". Depending on where you are employed, you are automatically insured with a certain state owned insurance body
I think I got PTSD from an angry Dutchman shouting at me for blocking the lane.
There is a remedy
Looks like somebody ought to make it more permanent to get a message across
I don't know, whenever I hear American political debates, everyone refers to Black people and White people and how they should be treated differently
There is no Slovenian border crossing
A total of 407
Austria benefits from the fact that the German market for movies/games is so big that(almost) everything gets dubbed.
Or the popular jokes about Fucking
Yes, we do speak German but we certainly aren't Germans
It would be to much work to observe the law (e.g.
Especially because the car wasn't that special, just some regular Golf that you can easily rent for little money
* cue Trump's "worst deal" meme
They are rather split on migration though
Worse, they put bread in their coffee
Also the whole culture of a country doesn't change only because the government changes.
It were probably humans
That *is* a lot of consonants
Thats basicly the most austrian thing ever and i am surprised it only happened once
well, the Russians made very sure that the colonization works and had very strict language programs in every single village
Probably none, and thats only natural
"Deka"(short) or "Dekagramm" (englisch decagram) for 10 g. Technically it is SI conform (and can even be abbreviated as "dag") but you won't usually see it
I don't know if I'm ready to be this depressed on a wednesday morning
> He argued that he had promised his wife not to shake hands with another woman
* Drafting civil service conscripts (people who didn't want to do military service for moral reasons)
But I don't think it still works
It wasn't released until 1921, so our visitor wouldn't have seen it, but the cult of Sisi is definitely not a recent thing
We were talking about multiethnic states
A few months ago there was no wind for days and I was close to needing a breathing mask because holy shit
There's a higher risk for inability to orgasm
This was 1993-1995
I'll eat the tentacles off of any cephalopod you serve me and i love octopus the most
The women on the left and right look particularly strange; the two at the back more natural
But still, it‘s best to speak in the language you‘re trying to learn, because it‘s the best practice
These shirts are literally made with randomizers
That's pretty much what you asked for, sans the local instruments
Same here, some countries think it's super common, I had my first one at 30+.
I could eat 3 of them if I wouldn't explode
Styria jokes are are very common in states that border Styria
So that is what Germans do with Wehraboos
I think the potato jokes about various ethnicities (Irish, Baltics, Belarusians and probably more) are because potatoes are a typical "poor man's food" and often during bad times there was little else to eat in those countries.
And hell do party leaders love it to be the pinacle of attention
Maximilian, Emperor of Mexico
Former crown lands are welcome to re-join the empire!
Except the towel thing
plus they got Irn-bru, what's not to love
Weird how it accounted for some dialects (mainly in Spain) but ignored others
Half of the party take a progressive stance, the other half are more restrictive about it
I hated him for forcing me to do that at the time but now I'm really thankful for that tbh
Not particularly history but still pretty known:
I have a Schnitzel maybe once or twice a year
From year 1 to year 13
it's nothing more than a way to get ppl to pay more for the mostly full price game
Well it's used in light woodlands here mostly
Though that clashes with modern suburbia
I think its pretty true because everything else I know about this particular great-grandfather is not that nice (he cheated, was abusive to his son, ...) so I think this story is true even though it's kinda hard to believe
But thats just one of the two cashcows
I remember a reddit post where a video was posted about something cool happening on the football field, but most of the hundreds of comments were expressions of shock and WTF a la "Does nobody notice the stadium is burning down in the background?
Fest gemauert in der Erden Steht die Form aus Lehm gebrannt
And for the Americans Eastern Europe
For those who don't know, the Parliament usually sits in Brussels and specifically travels to Strasbourg for plenary sessions just because the Treaties require it
I was the only kid in my secondary school class who didn't have a middle name, but many of my friends would rsther die than reveal their middle name for some reason
There are some American steakhouses here, also a "Road house" more specialised with burgers.
I mean Austria is probably one of the most irrelevant neighbours for Germany after all
>Most other Europeans fought 2 world wars to stop this from happening
Death is inevitable, and life is pointless, other than leaving as pretty a corpse as possible
So people left and weren't replaced
There are slings for them
If anybody who likes them reads this: Why
And since I am so grateful that my friend helped me, I will of course help him whenever I can
"Today"? How would you even be able to reliably determine the date when a settlement this old was officially founded
Never been there but from everybody who was in Minsk I only heard great reports.
Kaslewakas mit Mayonäs, *des* is da Hit
Nobody wanted a full-blown war, so the rebels decided to hand back control to the previously overthrow government
Yes, same here
Well, usually we cheer against a certain neigbhour country
Interesting, I thought this came from the British school of thinking with Darwin being one of the first coming up with the basic ideas
Every 2nd country is just "hot chicks/poor/beer".
Yeah, in half a year she will say that she was never for a Fraxit, and she only proposed the referendum because she's for direct democracy.
In Austria it's "Apfelsaft gespritzt" --> long live Austria-Hungary ;)
Skåne stayed Swedish
Both presidential candidates are from different parties than the ruling government (i.e.
Dissolve the nation states and move their competences to the regions and parts of them to the EU.
I don't really know much about him since I never met him
I don't think democratically elected leader with majority of vote and huge support that can raise riots with diaspora from other country is undemocratic and dictatorship.
Never heard of it
There's a weekly exchange between both their post companies
It's better these days
Iirc that's only for females, if you're male when you are 18 conscription triggers, and then you can mostly only have one citizenship.
The numerous examples you posted speak for themselves.
All federal states in Austria have their own hymn too of course, mostly singing about their natural beauty or landmarks
No, Ferlach has been a "Büchsenmacherstadt" for about 400 years before Glock was founded
Please also post this to /r/yurop and /r/acteuropa - comments will be more understanding of the big things you achieved and are still trying to achieve.
Dont complain to locals about it or tell them how its better in the USA, if you need to complain rhen text your friends or family about it, they will share your discomfort
It really means a lot to a lot of people
doesn't sound so backwards to me; calling to have a fire put out (and being asked for relevant details) is something very different than reporting a heart attack (and being given first responder medical support)
Luxembourgerish is also somewhat understandable within a context
And then pigs would fly, hell freeze over and the world would end
Well all prices except beer which is about half what it costs here
We also read an originally greek work "Antigone" in german class
It's kinda sad that this has to feel so surprising
It is brutal, but don’t worry, the air conditioning is cracked to Eskimo literally everywhere so you for sure get sick when you come home
But theoretically if the winner of the elections fails to form a coalition to get over 50% the president could instruct e.g. party number two to form a government
If i head more than 7 lessons either 6th or 7th was free
They depend on Kurz, and even if they oppose him, they like him the way a beaten dog likes his master, because he can bring them the votes they need to do as they please
the wrath of those megalomaniac emperors knows no bounds.
(thats one point where I see most advertisements)
Probably not widely known but I'm aware of it but only because I googled the different names of Austria once out of curiosity.
He was probably being sarcastic.
155 people died, 12 survived
The 57th Hitler poster must feel really proud
It means both Romance-speaker and Celtic-speaker, depending on the context
I think it also depends on the person, like don't you refer to it as Luna (poetic sense) and if English speaker make moon characters they are often female from my observations
They might have had a point if terrorism was a bigger problem.
Pretty much like a smaller and more accessible version of Vienna that has better infrastructure
Just live with it
You can't go around punching people because they have other ideologies
Most polling stations on the countryside close at 12pm, only those in the big cities stay open until 5pm.
I was looking for the Austrian comment, fearing somebody would write something other than Wels
\- a ("auch") meaning "also"
People from Jutland not so much
Yeah that's certainly different than Hochdeutsch haha :)
How is it "extra hard" to live in Germany for English speakers?
At worst it was something akin to a conspiracy theory about how the Canadians want to poison us with genetically modified maple syrup...
well there are a lot of scientists who think that we might live in a simulated universe, soooo...
- the dead terrorist was 20 years old, born in north macedonia and did have the austrian and macedonia citizenship
You're all poets at heart, so i imagine
Linz: heavy industry and some biotech
You want to know about my foreign policy?
That’s not hostility
austria has only been part of Germany for 6 years in its history
Yeah, you can criticize democracy all you want, but I'd be interested in the alternatives
> I don’t care “who is receiving the action”
Pretty nice folk there and it was really good
(I’m sorry for the canned laughter, it’s the best version I could find):
A Trailer Park Boys reference
I'd say they are pretty common.
It came into being in the post-war period through many different things that have reunited us
>Switzerland by a margin
[Keusche] for example
I don’t know much about history except for the Arabic Spring unfortunately
So you're in favor of a racist and sexist lifestyle?
UN report details massive destruction and serious rights violations since July 2015 in southeast Turkey
Vehicles taxes didn't change when the tolls were introduced.
I've been there for a conference a couple of years ago
You are calling Falco guilty pleasure
Austria was weak in 1938
I dislike him as much as the next guy, but he doesn't have fake blue eyes.
As I said, if the EU had actual balls (which we know they don´t have), they would stop exporting goods to these countries as a whole
Completely delusional to think a country in our situation can be truly neutral
It's done by guys and involves kicking and slapping each others butts.
Elon Musk is like monorail guy from the Simpsons.
I have never seen the expression 'Polish death camps' used outside of this specific debate about it
For the purpose of being on reddit I went with that since if I went with the more common .4% and similar figures on various pages/news sites I would have no doubt had a bunch of people harping on how "it must be greater but people just don't come out because of <insert whatever reason>"
It's impressive that locals can deal with that, my inner clock would be completely off
I get it, there are special rules from country to country, so it's a moot point anyway.
Schengen EU countries have the possibility of adopting national rules obliging you to hold or carry papers and documents when you are present on their territory
I bin a wunderschener Schmetterling is among those sentences burned into my brain
(I say we since Austria & Germany feel more or less the same on this I think.) I gave the same response above, but patriotism just feels weird and brainwash-y to me.
I'm not so sure if that's going to help...
Keep fighting
Scho, oba
They can't do it and aren't allowed to do it.
They really are funny :)
I didn’t have many colleagues in the US that had 4 weeks of holidays
It was rather small
Since i moved from eggenberg/wetzelsdorf to jakomini, i can see its beauty
the dividends get re-invested).
No worries, MS is doing much of the invasive stuff in W10 also in the EU
It feels like the city is about 500 meters wide but 20 kilometers long
When in reality reining in Facebook should actually help freedom of speech, because ideally it should cut back the lies, and "fake news" that are creating echo chambers left and right, and leading our society back into unthinkable, un-negotiable groups that hate each other to the blood.
How about we prioritize the interests of Europeans over of migrants
Notifications may also be put up by the cemetery or in local businesses in rural areas and small towns.
That's a huge democratic deficit
And many screamed bloody murder when the jury sided with the 'wrong' psychologists who said he knew what he was doing...
A minister is not directly elected by the people, so he doesn't care for votes
Schlafes Bruder/Brother of Sleep - Robert Schneider
E.g. for me - if I would mind a german saying gespritzter Apfelsaft, Kren, Gelsen, Erdäpfel, Polster, etc etc or if a German would mind if I say Apfelschorle, Meerrettich, Mücken, Kartoffeln, Kopfkissen, etc etc
The lift buttons go cellar (K) - Hochparterre (E) - Mezzanin (M) - 1 - 2 - 3
Advancing from the fortress at [Pöchlarn] he started resettling the east of his holdings along the Danube river and its [Wachau] valley, from the original Eastern border somewhere near St
That's a uniform and a pretty modern one at that.
Austria is a republic because after the fall of the Habsburgs and being forbidden to join Germany, there really weren't many other options
If you are under 15, you cannot ride your bike without an adult, unless you got a bike license
No diversity in flour types if you want to make bread yourself for example
> Prison escape is not punishable by law in Germany
Russia
Around 1800, during the era of fin-de-siecle or shortly before, at the height of the Danube Monarchy, when Vienna was a cosmopolitan hotspot
> Let them rot in their ignorance
> This seems to be in favor of media giants that are just hungry for even more money
I thought, that there is no good beer in southern countries
Please provide the links
You're telling me this isn't an accurate representation
Beer and Wine (and Liquor/Schnaps to a certain degree) are vastly more popular than cider (even though we have something similar called "Most").
I would've suspected Austria to be way more sceptical of their children dating a muslim
The Austrian Republic was reestablished on April 27th 1945
Like, what
this *always* comes up; yet in reality, Burma uses its own system, and Liberia just doesn't have a nationally defined standard (yet has strong economic ties to imperial-using countries, therefore that system is often used, among others)
Andaluzes and Napolitanos are the same culture
The thought is that people go there and think of all the terrible things humans did to other humans there, and not people go there to say: Oh wow what a great place it’s truly one of the 7 wonders of Europe
It’s common to greet even strangers ever time you see them (I live in a small village in a rural valley)
Edit: Well technically speaking he did became Austria‘s dictator too*
Ok now you've got me hooked, I will follow czech politics from here on out
It is very difficult to learn but you get paid a lot
One guy said that in 1991 in a heated debate
I particularly love orange & passion fruit and rhubarb & mint
See as an African-Australian that seems so odd
Can't they simply taste the difference?
Rudolf Kirchschläger 1915, Niederkappel in Upper Austria
This is fucking disgusting to me
the decades before
Well ofc it depends on the lifestyle, but if you are single & live in a small apartment and have 1 or 2 average hobbies, saving 1000€ per month is pretty standard I'd say
Luxembourg be like "*Hey Girls, thanks for inviting me!*" and Italy side eyeing her like "*Who this?*".
Imagine if everything you liked about the US could only be distilled and expressed through something like a food (Oreos for example because they are delicious)
I mean its stupid anyway but he clearly didnt knew about netherlands history while saying this
I guess we're just
For me, random violence is the main criteria for a no go zone.
they step onto a plane and fly to their country.
More proper would be "Es ist mir eine Ehre ..." and then the other person can reply "Die Ehre ist ganz meinerseits
It was there parents or grand-parents who immigrated.
" If you have footage of any kind of the shooting incident in the inner city of Vienna – please upload it on this link – DON’T share it on social media
Boccherini's Minuet
No wood + drywall
And if you stay for about a week I can only recommend you drive to vienna if you already flew the Long way from the USA because it's only a 2 and half hour drive from Budapest.
- its still not confirmed if the nearby Synagogue was the target or not
if you come from slovakia you have no reason not to trust an atm
This sends a completly wrong message to people who are actually trying to investigate how the sitatuation in Crimea is
So from then on we had Arch Dukes because normal Duke wasn't enough
Barbarians
That was my first thought: Why are you still drinking tea in Russia
Fridge
Honestly I think it's rather civilised in comparison
AFAIK even some employee of Bundesforste has one with ÖBF Logo on the side
In any case, don't forget your LVS ;)
It's the ministry for health and women.
Am End Is Ois Umsonst
You can't reason with that
Spanish for Irish makes sense, since most young Irish native speaker probably also know English pretty well
Unterm Bauernberg
He has two stoves, an old iron one that works with fire, and a new electric one
When you look at r/okoidawappler and r/aeiou you'll find the expected memes about Austrian politicians and celebrities (like [this one] which is a play on our presidents name Van der Bellen and a soft drink called Fanta) but also memes about fictional characters from different TV shows, books or ads, like Tom Turbo, Kasperl and Baumaxerl
Imagine half of all exports suddenly becoming subject to high import tariffs
&#x200B;
I would be a farmer in the Banat
please, you hope that this would happen.
He's great at getting under people's skin.
Like I said, it's been translated different ways over the centuries, though some of those are more likely to be right than others (Empire in the East is definitely not it, for example)
Back in April 2019 he was arrested because he did try to join IS
In my country they are mainly Turks and Bosnians, but also plenty from Middle-Eastern and African countries.
Generally it was more of a "I really really want some more autonomy like the Hungarians have" and less " A las barricadas"
Last time I have 1
Wow i didn't know this was the same day
The song "Bobby Brown" by Frank  Zappa is still played rather often in the radio
I'm lonely af :(
Don't ever go to Lignano
If Americans spoke Spanish we would be having this discussion in Spanish.
Primarily the EU isn't even a political union.
You are right, I checked it and it seems only my swiss relatives using it for whatever reason...
I remember when I was at a restaurant in Napoli and I wanted to order the bill but I didn't quite remember how to say it in Italian ("Il conto per favore")
" or anything from /r/WholesomeMemes [the whole sub feels totally forced and contrived to me
The sheer amount of advertising and open display of patriotism felt very odd to me
Mobile plans
Bavaria probably doesn‘t even learn words like the ones mentioned above in school and it would be wrong to write them down, while for us they’re literally in our dictionary
Reminds me of Lidl selling horse meat lasagna
Wait are you talking whiskeys or the illegal kind
I pay with me phone via Apple Pay all the time
Serious question: Why on earth would you
The red-white- red combo is very very old, dating back to the 12th
Well that’s fine then - but why is it a problem then for you that the EU will now give those benefits only to member states and exclude the UK from them ?
The Europa building: an introduction
I nominate Kreislaufproblem
Ein Leberkasschnitzelkaiserschmarrnkäsekreinerkrapfen
They are really popular in Austria too - Zwetschkenknödel
Yeah, this
No that's them attending the funeral of the patriarchy
I mean, come on
Yes and no, it is a bit more nuanced than this - but in general yes, you won't be fined if you don't carry an ID document as a citizen
German language in Wallonia, Spa-Francochamps, cute villages that seem to be built with Lego City blocks
According to kill count: Ticks, wasps & company, parasites, dogs, cows
RIP France
trucker Cassie is pretty cool
Is it common to drink tap water in your country
Das ist vielleicht langfristig der Fall, aber sicher nicht im Zeitpunkt der Verschuldung.
"Well, we must recognise that he was not member of the SA, but only his horse
Yeah Germans always tend to think they understand any kind of Austrian dialect as long as they only read it.
Yes, at least a washing machine
The only one I've never heard was "New York, New York".
**Upper Austria**: Bavarian Nazis, but on Crystal Meth
Wasn't sure if i remembered correctly.
The audacity it takes to still think you should vote for something that doesn't concern your everyday life is staggering.
I looked it up on wikipedia and apparently it's a reference to the whirlpools in the section of the Menai Strait called *the Swellies*, which is just a mile down the road
It's not my capital city, but yes
What I mean is that the mountains appear way too high
They‘re marching through the villages on feast days ([procession] weddings, birthdays, funerals (of a member)
Such a weirdly written article.
But I do hope the information comes in handy some day
We are more Slavic influenced than people might think
In my experience, the Germans like us a lot
We have kids dressing up as a black guy (one of the three wise men) every year for after-Christmas celebrations (6th of January)
And before our eastern brothers start commenting, yes, I know the song is actually moldovan
Food, architecture and history are obvious examples
All of what you say really surprises me.
The entirety of Burgenland
A few months ago there was no wind for days and I was close to needing a breathing mask because holy shit
They want Fillon out Macron in.
How harsh could that sentence be for someone to literally hang themselves
I didn't have to dig, this was the next post in this subreddit.
The question wasn't "coutries that famales - and only females - should avoid while it's perfectly safe for males".
Strong winds could already cause that
It was meant more as satire since we had loads of ex-nazi politicians.
The whole question of „what did your country invent“ is a bit tricky since, as you have correctly pointed out, national boundaries have chamged so much over the years
I think that's not uncommon
As soon as there is a debt cut they lose all leverage since there is no way for one European country to control another European country.
The world's largest collection of Gustav Klimt's paintings lies at the heart of the presentation of Art around 1900, on show at the Upper Belvedere
that's what I would do, honestly, don't care if you're the president, if you enter the house, take off your shoes dammit
I hate the always same Brexiter rethoric.
it's an international project that takes place in germany.
(Actually I'm interested in policits.
[Here is the "GPS version",] plots you either the fastest/cheapest or shortest way from A to B and tells you how long it would have taken you.
That's what I liked about the knick
If it were up to me, I'd take away the German anthem, which is actually a bastardized version of the [Kaiserhymne] the old Imperial Austrian anthem, and make it ours again (with more topical lyrics, of course)
There is no ban on Street View in Austria
And regarding musicians, obviously I didnt mean Mozart :P
„Sie haben Uns einen rosaroten Essig vorgesetzt, den sie Schilcher nannten
If you count Luxembourgish and Yiddish as seperate languages then they would also be in the mix.
Not that I don't enjoy Apple getting some pushback for their shitty closed-off approach, but this still doesn't make this vote any less corrupt
My region however is not like this
But when I look at our history I see that our ancestors considered themselves German.
In Austria we have "Fasnacht" which is basically a carnival held every 4-5 years from November to February
Pretty sure its the same case in Austria.
It's sad if it actually affects you though
Everybody wanted war back then.
That's kinda what standard spelling is there for
Over here everybody is prepared to take their shoes off, it's seen as quite impolite to leave them on, so most people dress accordingly
A minor correction here: We mostly distance us from the northern part which stems back to the historic rivalry between Prussia and Austria
- I complain a lot, but do little to actually change things
We teachers have to be really civil to students lest we be fired
It's either 1866 and Austria's end of German hegemony after losing the war to Russia, the civil war in 1934 or the time after WW2 with a distinctive non-German identity and the eternal neutrality associated with it in our 1955 state treaty
to be fair, Sopron/Ödenburg was also interesting dispute, or the whole story about Deutsch-Westungarn aka Burgenland
Another favourite of mine is also "Fachchinesisch" "field chinese" when someone is talking about rather complicated stuff from a specific (technical) field
That too, is part of the equation.
I dont know about tge rest of the Netherlands
Heathen Foray - Mei Laund
Austria and Germany do - big time.
Great trade if you ask me
Not sure if Himbeerkracherl (raspberry soda) is a common thing outside Austria
Nice
Waldviertel
The state uses subsidies and tax breaks to incentivise installations.
Southern Italy was and is shaped by its plantation economy and its history as a foreign cash cow
The public transport and the infrastructure in Vienna is perfect
In Germany they call it "Bismarckhering" I think
I think it may be related to German "schwindeln" which means to cheat
also would love to visit some of the national parks you have, it seems insane how much open, uninhabited space you have
The smoking thing is beyond stupid
During communist times people didn‘t really bother with religion, but many kept their religious customs anyways because the Yugoslav government wasn‘t so hard crushing on religion as the eastern block (remember, Yugoslavia was not under the „control“ of the Soviet Union - the army was always prepared for an invasion, be it from the west or the east)
What
Edit: my mistake, I meant Streetview
I guess theoretically a lynx could kill a human, but they are so shy, they can go around undetected by anybody for years
Plus laws that make sure the production lines never stop, and the market is never oversaturated
I actually never said I love cooking :D not a big fan, but I find it necessary
There's no reason to deny that Russia has attacked another country and annexed a part of it.
IMO even in German games like Gothic the English version was better than the German one.
If something goes wrong there and there's a jam, it can take somewhere from 20 minutes to 2 hours
you get points from the credit card company if you buy something with their credit card.
The state of Upper Austria
Sad feelings and gin tonics were had
I also remember my parents gifting him a flight with an old Ju 52 (the plane he jumped out of as a paratrooper) for his birthday at some point
I honestly don't ckhknow :D
Got this idea from the mod post:
Food production is a solves issue, the problem is distribution and pricing.
I don't think they feel part of a greater "African" identity with people from Nigeria and Egypt, but they are certainly attached to the country of South Africa.
Think of a normal handshake
I have been called a "bill splitter" by a Bosnian waiter
Büffel = Biffl
", ist da ein (nicht ganz richtiges) Argument, das ich schon sehr oft gehört habe
Trump, using the source by /u/Trax1 (I was too lazy to filter for Europe only, sorry):
We're still here, but that shit sure ain't healthy.
Oh really
I mean historically you and the Swedes fought a lot but after losing Skane you became irrelevant
But I doubt that it changed too much as schools in Austria are generally bad on teaching people basic stuff on any political institution - many people are clueless about political and state institution in general not just the EU
(You write Wasserhahn[faucet], you say Pipn).
I'd say a proper dictionary would be Langenscheidt or Pons or OED or whatever
It's keeps the whole currency fluctuation game out of the trade with the important trade partners.
Café Central
I knew that a lot of shows came from the US, but I didn't think much of it
Probably half of that is wrong, or spelled wrong
I honestly couldn't find any information how that happened
What are the core arguments of each side, for and against CETA?
That was just the tip of her stupid iceberg
Unfortunately none of them ever achieve any sort of traction whatsoever.
but that is not too commonly used, as it is longer and has no additional information.
Granted tho, that was 20 years ago
Swiss guy #2: "Nah, just invent something
[We have to deal with abominations like this]
Of course not the whole city looks like that, but in any case, a skyscraper wouldn't fit in at all
As an ex-pat American long married to an ex-Warsaw pact citizen, I've long gotten over my childhood US propaganda and can take simple joy in this anniversary of something great for humanity
because there was a lot of hiding going on.
In its selfclaimed goal the second Yugoslavia under Tito attempted an amalgation of the various constituent peoples into a single identity
By international tourists: Styria and Burgenland
If we actually need to use our tanks to defend ourselves anytime soon then there are two options:
(it's usually just the symbol, but that's its meaning)
Wish you best of luck in pursuing a planning career
Their dialect which has widely devolved into an accent is pretty annoying and it always sounds like they're whining.
There's only 9 countries with a large number of orthodox Christians
That was the original name of the whole region.
Well there's always Burgenland and Carinthia for memes
"Jössasna
I bet you can find those things also in the US in more rural areas with a tradition of cattle herding, like somewhere in the Midwest or Texas
This phrase is commonly used
We participate in the European Union to ensure our neutrality.
He is elected trough the parliamentary elections
The current greatest revolutionist is Martin Sonneborn
What would have happened if Scheidemann doesn't proclaim the Weimarer Republik, and Liebknecht's Republic is the first one
Super strange
Then probably italian so i could finally take my mum on the trip around rural italy shes always wanted to go on
John Rabe, a Nazi businessman, is celebrated as a hero in China, and had his former home repurposed as a memorial hall
(usually the closest post office) :∆
Building hospitals goes hand in hand with bribery and a political scandal here, just saying
In Vienna the waiters beat you
Sure, I understand that
Back in school (Austria, early 90ies) we used [this set] which officially is called "Ausgangsschrift" (base font; writing from which to progress on to your own style) for that very reason
Germans ofc
I'm happy with 'love', but a waitress recently called me "my love" and that was a bit startling
Specifically because of dem Germans
Dublin is more like a long-stretched village than a city :P
so no
What Sport are we talking
Both of these countries are economically unimportant to Austria
If we're looking at everything, including the HRE, Prague probably was bigger in 1600
Yes there were rules, but I don't know exactly what they are
Teachers too
I just looked it up and you really have to take that into context
John Rabe was elected leader and tried to stop the atrocities of the Japanese by using his rank in the NSDAP, but could only delay them
> think you're underestimating our winters
Slightly more relevant, no
They are
One great grandfather got wounded in Stalingrad and flown out with the last plane before it all went down
It was still a nice trip overall, we spent some time day-drinking at the balcony, which was nice and all, but still, we had a lot more stuff planned that we didn't get to
You can get a horse Leberkäse in Austria too
A lot of eastern european franchises are polish-owned
Guess which one he almost never uses
It's easy to become rich as a tax haven
Vienna: everything (politics, commerce, culture, research)
If we had a bunch of them we could form a whole crew or troupe
Erasmus is subsidised, but still quite pricey
Nonsense
Well, at least that doesn't take away all the work you've done previously.
Also Europe and the EU aren't the same thing, as Switzerland is also on the map.
Unless you want to make the dough yourself (though that's mainly because I got zero idea about it)
>Heart attack rates go up after the clocks go forward
It is flabbergasting
These projection is based on votes already counted (about 55%)
I'm no expert on medieval document language though, so maybe I'm missing some detail that clarifies it for sure, but to the best of my knowledge it cant be said with complete certainty
I, for myself, think that the language is connecting the two countries
It is so old to see everyone as a right winged nazi monster just because I don't agree with things said by the left wing.
I'm told the sound of music is a crappy depiction of Austria, but I haven't seen it
I gib 100 ducats you kill austria?
- I'm parsimonious
Probably the "Leberkäsesemmel". It's a bread with meatloaf inside of it
In reality because my last call today was with a nice serbian guy and i wrote my reply on the way home after the call
eingeschweitzt
You know that you use German words too
I was actually quit astonished when I learned that Emperor Franz Joseph is negativly viewed in Hungary, but I would guess that's  also the case in other former parts of the Austro-Hungarian Empire
We call it Schere-Stein-Papier = scissors-stone-paper - or "Klick Klak Kluk"
Romanians do the jobs Austrians dont want to
Even the font seems reminiscent of 30's era fascist propaganda
personally I would take that flag over any other any day
[Would fit into their country division, too] (in German, but the relevant information is understandable)
^ ^
I think a federation but with more power and autonomy at the NUTS 1 or 2 level
Ask the embassy of the country you're moving to.
Internet: Need to restart my router every few weeks - if that doesn't count than about 2 years ago
Germany I wouldn‘t like living in so much but wouldn‘t mind either
Again, no offense meant, but he sounds like a massive douche ;)
And it's always the parties that disguise themselves as the "party of the small man".
) Shortly after the Allied landing, he deserted and was taken in by a French family
I guess, I'm one of those people who just want to watch the world burn.
Not saying its a bad place overall but the leadership is atrocious and I won't support a government like that
discrimination of EU citizens) so the law is *on hold*.
I guess thats what i prefer
quoting myself ...
at the old market I was pushed, yes, PUSHED by locals who wanted to get on one of the tourist boats
In Austria too
Language isn't everything
What have black humour and a black guy in common
Against outdated MiGs and Suchois of an Air Force that was crippled due to the sanctions and didn't see what was coming their way.
Well, the far right in Austria (FPOE with Strache) didn't come close to 50%. In the last election they had 16% and before that 26%.
> Vienna is really interesting even while being sad, morbid and enraging
There are better shows, but it's ok
Jo eh, bast eh so :)
Now you finally figured out why we queue for the loos, and always go in pairs or groups
Was under the impression it related to being in favour of the Irish Republic in contrast to the British Monarchy
Asterix and Obelix, very funny
Wouldn't the surgery render the person infertile anyway
I even got a lot of that in Sussex, but tbf it was a bit hippie-ish in that area
Pensions are not fixed but depend on the amount of money in the pension fund.
Some of them turned out to be quite functional
Ireland: you make some of the most beautiful music ever
Who considers Metternich as a national hero in Austria (other than Kickl maybe)
To clarify: This doesn't mean it's a suitable replacement for a suit or dress
Hofer would cause economical damage by trying to severe relations to countries that are the most important to us while bowing down before a country that offers no perspective for us except how things looked 50 years ago
Even though it's mostly pictures of France and Italy which are being posted here and I want to see such albums of other European countries too I can't help but upvote anyway because it's so pretty.
Also, this collection is unique throughout europe
Damn, Liechtenstein
the term "polish death camps" doesn't really exist in german
The big difference is (and that’s the game changer in my opinion) if you loose your job, you loose your insurance - if she becomes unemployed she still has insurance
They don't wear ties cause they could be joked, same with piercings
In Austria for first round Hofer was excepted to get 24% according to polls but actually got like 35%.
Most are indifferent, I feel
Yeah, you can criticize democracy all you want, but I'd be interested in the alternatives
Seriously
Thats interesting, because i (grown up in Austria) always just viewed Slovenia as the  ex eastern-bloc/yugoslav country with the highest wages Think it was the first fact i knew about it
Her policies are similar though
Like, how can somebody possibly live without it
Walls are effective if guarded.
Hochwähli für Piefkinesien
My grandma's story was that they were hungry and asked American soldiers for food but they only gave them chewing gum
The Styrian Oak would care
The city administration also ignores major problems like over Immigration in certain areas or traffic noise
[Unsuprisingly alot] which alligns with the emphasis on things like wide-available orgainc meat and vegetables, local (regional) products, the popularity of having your own vegetable garden, the tons of country cooking magazines and books, that you couldn't buy a single cube of yeast for weeks while quarantaine, because everyone was baking like galore
The German wikipedia has been the second most comprehensive after the English one for quite a while (don't know if this is still the case tho), so I used whichever happens to have the more detailed article
Mustard, soft cheese, capers and sliced picled onions
I would never want the Schilling back.
Voter turnout was a bit higher than last time.
Well I'm glad when it's finally over.
Except from Bavaria it seems Germans see in Austria their weird little brother with speech impediment which luckily has Universities without NC so he is at least somewhat useful
There is a remedy
I was in Edinburgh last week and it was snowing quite a lot even though I lived right next to the sea where it is apparently not so common to snow
If the English become desperate enough, they might come back to it
My main problem with complete equality is with adoption and certain tax/pension benefits that only really serve the social goal of producing children for the state that should be taken out of marriage in general and baked into benefits tied to the child.
We're usually not that successful internationally, but individual players sometimes make it and they're all household names.
We are usually very protective about our privacy
That sounds a bit weird - the normal work time allowed by law in Germany is 48 hours - yes
Yes if it is about German-speaking people who think it's cool to mix 20% English and 80% German into their sentences
Austria is in a kinda bad spot with transit/through traffic, but the president isn't an active role in the government so he doesn't play a role in dealing with that issue.
Least attractive: German German
The groom and his car have to drive after them and find them, if they’re unlucky they also have to pay for everything the bride and her friends drunk
We get an ultra right wing government
I'd even prefer -20 to that
- pickles (essiggurkerl, bevorzugt scharfe) (just make sure to drain the liquid with kitchenpaper before you put them in)
Thanks, changed it
What was a misunderstanding that only happened because someone grew up in a drasticly different nation
Hard to say
Adulthood *and* Gmundner Keramik
Non really in newspapers or tv channels AFAIK, but on Facebook - The FPÖ posting some made up or hugely over exaggerated shit and likeminded people repost it - those in that filter bubble have a very skewed worldview.
Also Klammeraffe ist für mich ein Heftgerät
My parents home has such high limestone values that it's off the grid of the mile washing machine support sheet
Wow, I realized I'm totally new to the concept of mugging
Have you been in a whole during the whole campaign?
Hofer wanted to be seen as more likeable, taking a harsh stance wouldn't have helped him
>You would cancel out any positive effect a later start of school and work day would have
Maybe this will work
Tatars came with mongols and were their settlers.
Think about the Gardasee and the delicious pizza.
China and Japan are great
You never stop learning
There are areas where men are institutionally discriminated against like divorce proceedings and parental rights.
Yeah, they went along with it but were not happy about is, as far as I can remember.
Except on those days when wine>beer
>Don’t ever use that in an actual conversation though, lol
Österreichischer Faschismus (die Kompromisslösung schlechthin)
To this day, there's a Croatian minority (and also a Hungarian one) in this area
"glad" to hear Austria is not the only one doing that
Never really noticed it in town.
Every Austrian who has a 24 hours nurse/caregiver knows about Kosice
The land they settled became after the first WW Ro Austria
I mean unless it's an event where getting food is specified, like a party where there's beer in the fridge or an evening where I invited them over to dinner and asked them to get something or help themselves
I'm pretty sure you'll find this dude in every Lidl leaflet, not just the Czech.
Under German and Austrian law a legal transaction requires a title (eg contract) and a modus (eg hand it over physically), whilst France doesn't know this distinction.
as Eastern Austrian, I wish
Americans always act surprised when I say I eat a whole pizza
_ Can't even blame you
* 1803/1806 Austrian empire, now independent from HRE (which stopped existing)
Yes
Well it can be a family activity if you really want
You need an AUSTRIAN to fail such a project
Then the label is meaningless
And yes some words will be used incorrectly or change their meaning
But in all honesty, I wish more airports would adopt something like this
The idea behind modern city planning isn't to maximize the amount cars you can drive into the city but to maximize the amount of people getting to their destinations.
Lets see how much these countries love it without german cars, engineering and other stuff
Diese Arbeit erspart man sich bei den ausschüttenden Fonds.
Didn’t think that even the youth is so political over there
I also think you should be more specific.
QWERTZUIOPÜ
I wouldn't count all supporters of Hofer will elect the FPÖ at the next election but around 35% is a good call.
Cannot stand the guy
Hard and weird
Annual gross salary EUR 50,000 gross (to employee), cost to employer (EUR 65,000 per year).
I haven't looked it up, but from memory, he looks average-sized in pictures
And a smaller stove for one of the upstairs bedrooms
It really depends on context though, and there's of course situations where you better make fucking sure you're on time (best example: appointment for a job interview)
One huge reason for this was of course the Marshall Plan the western states of Austria received
Dora la Exploradora teaches English to Castillian Spanish-speaking kids
I like "Atemlos". I think most people just hate it ironically, because it has been so overplayed
Säd america is sad
Just go to bed an hour earlier or get up an hour later and you have the same amount of sleep
I'd say that is otr very well could have been an emergency
About twice as much for me, but up to 150 Mbps.
I got new designs
Don't believe the other guy
(I’m sorry for the canned laughter, it’s the best version I could find):
So sorry, the system gives no fucks about you, go fail until you get sick of it and then go into a trade
Well you include parts of Austria in your greater Hungary/St
And he certainly could have helped his party in the next elections
Good times
MA2412 wasnt too far off i guess lol
Sure, it has downsides
Similarly to how [Texas German] sounds nothing like any German dialect around in Europe today
Strizzi (Czech origin, from 'strýc' = uncle) = cheeky or mischievous person
not really any desserts, but various forms of cookies
With our performance lately you may really have a chance
We can find ways now or will leave our children a civil war to fight
Language is also another thing I miss
Because Dutch didn't elect Wilders
We should just stop all road construction unless 50% of workers are female
Only redeeming point about Germans that they decided to shut theirs down
You have to keep in mind that this is an average return..
[Es wird scho glei dumpa] also [Leise rieselt der Schnee] and [Alle Jahre wieder] Also check out Otto Lechner's album [Still] with nice jazzy modern takes on many traditional Christmas songs.
It's always a pretty big story with loads of police and stuff.
I went on vacation near Pula in Croatia with friends from Romania
Yes, Samichlaus from Brauerei Schloss Eggenberg
I am unsure if he could have done more to anger the parents
12AM is noon and 12PM is midnight
> Second thought; are apricots grown in Austria
Edit: On TV
Some americans think that we're australia and are suprised when you explain that that's a dirfferent country
They're still regularly shown in venues around the world, which includes Germany of course ([Bayreuth Festival] for example)
Yours is also a 403
My Grandfather fought in Stalingrad, got wounded six times before they sent him home
At least the border regions to Czechia
Imp that Spanish constitution respected & the rule of law upheld
Anywhere I've lived the Mezzanin was just the first floor
what have we done
It has snowed three times that were measurable
What does that even mean
Is it so strange that when NK wants a ski lift, they get an well-known ski lift company to do it
having three or four beers over the evening and thinking that's not really drinking, apparently
("Herrschaftsgebiet/bereich", more likely to be Bavaria, as well as generally "Reich", more likely to be the Empire)
I have read about this monument in school but somehow, never saw it
I love Hamburg - it's my favorite city in Germany.
It is only a global problem because countries like the UK and Netherlands joined and accelerated the taxation race to the bottom.
Clearly you don't feel THAT connected to this place after all, just somewhat enough to also be willing to influence elections
> 4) Gun and ammunition control is ridiculous, but we still don't have as many gun crimes as other European nations
Ich such das Weite und dann tank ich neue Kraft da
There was an easy to ignore cross and a clock that did not work accurately but that's about it.
Well, that’s kind of a problem, no
At least they are tearing down the establishment.
Jtsigx igciz kg igcizit If kg kgigufugjf ich If kg oh kg it t auto moderator dumb
But almost nothing else about the Military factor
Deal
Somehow* he got information on how high the bid of the competitor was, therefore his bidder could out-bid them and pay the lobbyist a lot of money
Every time I think I have heard the weirdest thing about Austria, I learn something new that’s way weirder
You pay taxes on every litre of pure alcohol you will get
Why, they follow Rome, why aren't they true Catholics?
(Apfelschorle, Traubenschorle, Weinschorle are often words where my brain flatlines lol)
> if any cattle end up chasing us we should be fine
high budget: probably good "dubbing" -> german
* Ich habe heute viele Bäume in Österreich gesehen
A little late to the game, but here we go:
Every time I see this picture I expect allu :D
It's supposed to keep the people healthy and fertile
Austria too
Always a merchant republic, most of the times someone from Venice, but I tried every single one, it's just the style of gameplay that suits me the most just politics and hoarding money
That name doesn't make sence
Calamari
Waiting for some hungarian to comment: would be even bigger if your people wouldn't have shot some austrian dude
AFAIR These were created by someone from Frankfurt in Vienna, where butchers weren't split in the beef and the pork kind (whereas in Frankfurt they were which made the Frankfurter Würstl illegal in Frankfurt at the time)
Also things that are on youtube but are no youtubers like peter klien
That would be like trying to stop smoking by changing from Marlboro red to Camel light
Like wasting taxpayers money, pulitical influence, political parties and all the other typical issues we know
I really regret that I'll never know what he actually thought
That Russia is (and I know that's not true - the entire comment was a joke) a hellish hellhole
They are only a tiny minority of our population, but quite overrepresented in our prisons.
I feel incredibly bad about myself right now and will chastise myself for it
Back at home, that's when things start to get comfy and interesting, and leaving then (exception: if you have some other important appointment, of course) is a bit like saying you don't really want to be friends, because you'd rather go home than "change your plans for us" (which were no real plans to begin with, because everybody already *expects* to stay longer than planned anyway)
Second biggest city
I often wish we had up-down-slide-windows because installing and aftermarket AC is so much easier with them - and quite frankly, the summer in Vienna is so hot that you really start to need an AC to cool your flat down below 30° C
no but seriously, proper bread seems to be one of the things you can only get here
Idk what the system behind it is really
No without Mateschitz nobody would know of RedBull as a drink
you should be able to drop the class at school)
Matjesbaguette is great
I think it was necessary because most people don’t instantly think of the US when you talk about countries with poor infrastructure and health care
Selling the fate of people to the lowest bidder does not sound like something a democratic country should even consider.
The protagonist is a racist arsehole and they aren't afraid to show it
But what did Franz II
And also as if it was sitting on his left shoulder
Scary
There are also many Europeans who are fans of Japan (animes,food,music,etc) but that doesn't mean that they slowly morphe into a Japanese person here in Europe.
I never do this haha
Nope
Same for me until a wedding some years ago
If you have time stop by in graz!
Would recommend a rip off 5/7
Never mind
] It oddly looks like half of the first stage, just a bit reversed
sz is oldfahioned - I had already typed
We have a saying: "Fascism is no opinion but a crime"
Yeah, people call it just Lada, because the other doesn't sell well
Hm this seems familiar somehow, I don't really know why though
Lots of things to do in winter
Italy has a shitton of classical music everyone instantly recognizes (maybe not by the name but by the music), e.g.:
What did I miss
**yes**
Die Buben verstehen nicht, was wir sagen
Dialects
What
I know you jest, but to still give a countertpoint: if a country is not lobbying for and offering a practical name for itself in other languages, it shouldn't wonder when people will find their own, incorrect terms instead
For example, imagine someone is gay and their host family is homophobic
Honestly, if it weren't for the couple of friends and acquaintances who occasionally send mails to that address I would've gotten rid of it already
I don't know why (i haven't even been to paris) but somehow I also was in total shock yesterday, as if something terrible happened to me personaly
Which part of Germany
And I am gonna make a case for it, right here, right now
Along with the K&K monarchy
But some people do believe firmly in stereotypes
And of course there are people who *occasionally* cook or bake
And one of our favorite past times is sit down with friends and have a mug of beer
A list of all major parties from right to left:
I never knew him personally, but there are tapes of him telling stories from the war
Also, Spanish people (also Italians) really dress up when they go out
Everyone else will leave
Doesn't sadly excuse those who collaborated with him
and I think the other one is Sweet Chili or something.
Japanese, Spanish and Mandarin Chinese (currently studying)
How popular are alpine skiers in Norway?
I always kept the most recent issue in the toilet reading shelf
Best case scenario
By the way there wasn't only a revolution in Hungary in 1848 but all around the empire.
you usually only get it in clubs/discos as bottles and the 0,33l is more expensive than the 0,5l local beer.
So they just do what we have been doing for years.
In Austria the term "Generation Haram" is already coined as Islam becomes some kind of pop culture for them.
What is life like in french polynesia
They call reddit "lases", because reddit comes from "read it", so the German translation would be *lases*
Cyprus isn't part of Schengen though
I guess it comes from history or then it is a typical love hate relationship some countries share, especially when one country is considered like a sibling but gets more attention for being "fancier, more famous" or whatsoever
Even if your ancestors are from somewhere else but you've lived your whole life in Austria you're still 100% Austrian with parents/grandparents/great grandparents/etc.
> The army of Austria, approximately 100,000 strong, was setting up camp around the town
Irish mostly has its status bc it's *the* national language of all Ireland (Republic of), and I guess the Irish really insisted on it (Luxembourgish is – next to Turkish, but that's another story – the only national language that is not an official EU language)
Don't forget the world famous Basti-haircut and the fact that he is actually just 8 years old
However this also seems to fade because we have pride parades in every federal state, I think, and the younger generation seems to barely care about wether you‘re LGBT or not
My grandmother was about 12 when the war ended
If you look the parts before and after:
But the EUR is far up against the USD since August too...?
I agree with the Fotzn, oba Mayonnaise
How is „szajs“ - pronounced ? Cause in Vienna we have „schas“ - which means „fart“ or something is shitty
Don't be ridiculous
Same in Tyrol, Austria :) Except that we don't do it to verbs.
Probably because most people here would just drink tap water.
i hear guilty whirlpool is really nice this time of year
Especially when we talk about something like a reconstruction of and narrative about historical events
Is that impression true
&#x200B;
With that in mind as a Styrian I feel proud about my mixed heritage
If something goes wrong there and there's a jam, it can take somewhere from 20 minutes to 2 hours
In 2012, Kyrgyzstan already got rid of their Visa for EU citizens.
Why not
I remember the 30 Years' War, the Defenestrations of Prague etc, but I don't remember Swedens role in it all
I think that only applies to Poles who actually fought in the Haitian War of Independence, not all Poles
You're right ,for everything else it's Grundbirn
Being from Italy is like cheating when it comes to stuff like that
I may one day, but currently I have no interest or energy to acquire a license in the foreseeable future.
With the difference that we are way older and raised you, so you are more that teenager that doesn't listen to his parents anymore
Eisenstadt:.... Yeah, right, that exists too
In **Italy** in my excperience it's like this: either you see people dressed like Armani models, or dressed super trashy
yeah, much better than no sun after 5pm
The US is a nation that executes minors, even to this day
Driver license is the most common, a passport is usual required abroad since not all EU-countries see the driver license as a valid ID.
Now i think Linz is more interesting than Salzburg because it's cheaper and less crowded and it doesn't feel so "stuck up" like Salzburg around the time of the "Festspiele".
Austrian-German has a few abbreviated words:
As far as i remember, not only was almost everything (including several churches) destroyed, but the red light district was largely unscathed
i think it was the one with the wmds in iraq.
r/Cheese
trans-national European streaming service
Backpacking is NOT mountaineering!
I wonder how the people react now after the pope told to not discriminate the homosexuals
No, not at all :)
The Czechs would be a good opponent probably
That's why the Bernie analogy works pretty well - he's pretty representative for the left(est) wing in the Dems
On Saturday, April 2nd 2005, the Austrian TV station ORF1 showed Dreamwork's Shrek in their 20:15 timeslot
I don't think there are French people there anymore
I mean I’ve had long hair and most people don’t care
Tell that to any junkie ...
They're made with pasta dough and filled with mashed potatoes, garlick, and other spices
Meh
Probably because our local variant "Tschau" is only used with friends
normal people
If I’m honest I refuse to eat Schnitzel outside of Austria
How generous, you are allowed to take unpaid time off so you can try to figure out how to magically pay for your ridiculous medical bills
>I'm by no means a historian, but I'm pretty sure both Romansh and Ladino developed from the spoken Latin used during the time of the Roman Empire
Well, there's another German speaking country between you
Personally, in case of savings of €300 euros per month, I would likely invest every 2-3 months.
You can have breakfast on Jan 1st
We got the rare earths down, but you got better gasses
Aaaah okay
But i have to say it was a lucky find
Germany starting a war with somebody.
whatch'ya doing
Well the question itself is kinda annoying already
Ich such das Weite und dann tank ich neue Kraft da
I think it is common
Here's a list of Skiregions in Tirol.
geht zur Post oder zur Bahn
;-)
I've seen a number of words from Serbian or Polish that look like German words phonetically spelled in Viennese dialect
in sweden
Nach dem Krieg, und das muss man beiden Parteien hoch anrechnen, haben sie sich dann gemeinsam gegen die Besatzung gestellt
Gladly he made it home pretty much unhurt and lived a great life until 1989
Especially the second one is quite common in Vienna.
She/he asked for types of alcohol, not which alcoholic drink is the cheapest.
So I guess it’s not German or Austrian dialect
USB sticks were of course strictly forbidden but of course everyone used them because you have to transfer libraries and updates _somehow_. Would have been fun to dump a few infected sticks in the parking lot
Only on public buildings, if
Well, the French are sure something else
Which could happen, according to some estimates.
"Shit, I am late
Freunderlwirtschaft
Frankfurt was definitely scary though
Bad teacher then
I dont think that this is arrogance, but only natural that peoples taste gets shaped by their surroundings
I suppose it's less strict, but generally every house has an area specifically for taking off shoes and putting on house shoes.
:-D
No respectable person in Austria believes that nonsense amymore and those who do mostly die away, slowly but steadily
Or an would just stand on the sidelines until everyone is  beaten by putin and then pull out a glock and shoot him
The populist right in Germany is currently polling in the single digits.
Like directly next to - or rather on - a ski slope
[Nestbeschmutzer] Got to prominence after Thomas Bernhard wrote "Heldenplatz" a drama about a jewish family that came back to Austria.
yeah that's a *great* idea, make the new name fucking long like the last one so nobody will care to use it, *again*!
Primarily a customized Google News and Newsnow.co.uk
The area isn't anything special, the "capital" doesn't really look good and the rest of the island are just potatofields
I'm surprised
Either it would mean the EU had to wait until there was a Swiss plebiscite on certain topics and then the 8,5 swiss would dominate decissions for 440 million people or the Swiss would have to give up certain democratic rights
So comrades, come really
Where do those immigrants mainly come from?
Granted, the way a lot of things are done in the UK parliament are archaic (like the "ays" and "noes"), but all in all they still have a level of politeness
in the sentence "Das wird sich ausgehen".
Officially and in formal conversations/correspondence we use the 24 hour clock.
The big fight of our generation is starting
If he had said “we want Irish unification cause it’s the only solution and we don’t care about the UK at all” well yes then I would agree - but he didn’t.
we are chicken leg shaped
Saupreiß, damischer
That is actually an issue for american soldiers training in Germany
000 inhabitants
Because tyranny of the minority makes more sense.
As the next day is off, it's actually not such a bad idea to go to a party - at least for those folks, that don't plan to drive far the next day for the commemoration of deceased relatives.
I live for a while in NOVA near DC and the place I have now in Vienna is much cheaper if I would rent for approximately the same size
Most of them actively seek out higher education and some get a degree
Actually Austria is quite pro EU, we did a poll after the brexit vote saying around 70% are pro membership, because people understand that as a small country with highly developed export oriented industry, we would be pretty screwed if the single market either ceased to exist or we left it.
In fact, if a price is 1,99 or something like that I don't let them keep the 1-cent  out of principle: If a shop wants to trick us with those bs prices, at least they should have the expenses of keepin lots of 1-cent coins at hand
From prostitute to elderly care to farmwork
It reminds me of my childhood
So maybe the windmills at Kinderdijk or even De Gooyer could do
Since then, they have become a little more strict because there were a few cases of very young teens being taken to the hospital with alcohol poisoning.
Idk
I'd say every fascist is insane
Danish girls are just too hot, no way water can accumulate in its solid phase.
Yes, and the most I know is someone with 6 middle names
Mattine	IT
No (yes)
Regarding her health: According to a statement on her website, she hopes to be back for the first race in Sölden, but isn't sure yet.
It's about an Austrian family that flees from the Nazis to the US and they become big stars - or something.
I don't think it would be negative if Bratislava grew into Austria
Obviously, after Erdogan imprisoned critical journalists and said that he was thinking about reinstating the death penalty there was no way that Austria would suddenly support Turkey joining the EU
There is no "word" for women who need to make an illegal abortion because abortion is legal here so there are basically no illegal abortions)
Mostly safety reasons
/r/travel has this [Guide to foreign SIM cards]
Or any idea where and when you read it?
I don't know what your links should tell me but Denmark has a regulator.
Yes, jacket potatoes are a thing around here.
> Vienna is really interesting even while being sad, morbid and enraging
It was incredibly stupid to start smoking so early and easy accessibility helped with that
I mean
nah, that's the mobile phone communication standard
And if its much colder I consider taking another jacket
Absolutely, for spelling I use whatever seems more logical to me
It is unfair, but if you look at the state of /r/de right now it's nothing but Germans anyways.
My bike's a 26" mountainbike
Tütli
Hope all of you have been staying healthy and that your christmas and new year will be awesome (:
During the government crisis in May people joked that our president's true love is our Constitution because he couldn't stop praising it's "elegance".
the American way ($1
Was whipped to a Pulp and was judged to dark and solitary confinment for 6 months for using the word "Austria".
But you don't need a technician to do it
If you clink your glasses across the arms of two other people clinking, you'll  have ugly kids/bad luck
Pure data plans are considerably cheaper.
In real numbers he's about 100.000 votes ahead at the urns.
We should start a partition that Google and Co must disable all their services for EU-IPs as this is the only way to comply with this stupid law
With brexit and trump I'm starting to fear for my countries future a bit.
With Mayo and creme
Because they are not the same people?
Amazing
Judging by your rules, absolutely not what you're looking for but [a national treasure]
But some people do believe firmly in stereotypes
Your reputation would rise from shitty german to glorious Austrian though :^)
He once told us, how his first job was smuggling a huge backpack full of condoms, because condoms (as well as abortions) were illegal under Franco
Can't really say anything about after university degree, but 10 years ago when I started working immediately after having finished high school, I still lived at home and commuted to the city
Less employees generally means that the employees have more power which leads to less middle men and less bureaucracy.
" fehlt da noch
There's a golden visa program
And exactly because these juries don't really work, they are rarely used in many European legal systems, often only reserved for murder cases and similar stuff.
My car
That's quite different to German
He's not that well-known by Name, but anyone who has ever seen a nature documentary ([UNIVERSUM] Terra Mater) on Austrian TV knows his voice
How many people care about the president at all in Austria?
Next is Croatian
Not so long after = earliest records of adopting it are from the mid 14th century [according to the official website of Denmark, denmark
You can construct a whole sentence with those: "A i e a", meaning something like "Is that so
I see it differently, especially if it's in some kind of business context
As far as I know there's no "Verlustvortrag" for capital gains - you can only use it for revenues/losses from a business, not for investments.
lol
Yes, we used to do that with most foreign monarchs
Graz: (290
People are more conservative than in cities though, that's the same
It's something many especially slightly older people don't even do consciously or with any kind of malicious intend but they sometimes are curious nor just don't know how to deal with being out of their comfort zone and experiencing someone 'different' and I know from some international friends that they at least at first feel/felt rather uncomfortable because of that
We have a conservative government that likes to oppose big state spending
Love meself a good dialect, it really adds depth to people's talk
German cities have an amazing flair/vibe and I am sure I want to live for some years in a German city
No matter how close the city might be (and 20 minutes by car is not that close)
The Netflix series "Freud" (watch it, it's cool) picked up on that spookiness and included it in the show
Weird attitude towards sex & nudity
yes, for when you have to exit your car in dangerous spots like a highway so you don't get hit by nearing traffic
If you feel like adding more diacritics again, the [T2 layout/Europatastatur] is a viable option (and quickly installed)
Our drinking water is so good, I've heard that some people bottle it up and sell it overseas
Josef Fritzl probably
It will probably be renovated anyway, so i don't get what all the fuss is about
i dont have any clue about music related jobs or payment, but you can see a lot of (mostly asian) kids with their instrument boxes walking around in vienna - so i assume you can find a job here.
> Doppelmayr for example is one of the biggest ski lift producers worldwide
But what I truely hate is snow-melting-snow-melting if it is too warm during the day and you end up with snowslush and salt-dirt mixture every other day
The Argentines had no idea what was going on, the fact that later someone drew a white horse on the sign didn't make it better
560€ total, so only 140€ per person
ITT: People only reading the headline and not knowing how the EU works
I read your link and it really doesn't look good for the USA if you consider that you spend more than double the amount on healthcare than most other countires
Austria built beautiful theaters and did not push the german language through them
besides that 30years war ( I know it was the holy roman empire at the time but Habsburgers were ruling
My Kids are small enough that the Garden is fun enough to Entertain them without additional Input, I Just watch over No Body gets hurt
What the fuck is wrong with you to automatically assume that everything is about refugees when someone says something about being worried.
Well yes, but that song popped straight into my head as soon as I read the question.
> developed by a civilian consultant
Even Americans know its from Austria (even when they wouldn't be able to point at Austria on a map)
) My teacher told me too that everybody should know as much as possible about it, so that something like this never happens again
My fascination of the interconnectedness of all of our history is so much greater than that for single, constructed frames of place or time
But we can't be too sure about those figures
I know the mountains in lower Austria much better, and Rax & Schneeberg are for sure the most crowded ones
he was running around the town for weeks dressed up as hitler and chatting up strangers.
We thoroughly learned about the events and reasons leading to that horrible shitshow as well obviously
The most reliable source for the wrongdoings of our politicians
De jebe tu de jebere
Funny that you bring this up, I found a YouTube video about exactly that topic yesterday: [
The "Allgemeine Bürgerliche Gesetzbuch" (General Civil Law Book
Ithink that's more continental-European in general
Yes, there is some tension, but far less than in other countries, I find.
> The avg
The Four Seasons - Winter
You spent an entire empire to deal with an united Germany
Well, the weather is correct tho
Travel: Passport, not everyone only travels in Schengen (a very popular destination - Croatia - still is not part of the Schengen area) and a passport costs 75,90€ while an ID card costs 61,50€ (both vaild for 10 years)
“ or „my suitcase is not as full as yours, bei mir geht sich noch was aus
Pölten] in 2018, and I liked their badge because of the reference to Today I Learned :)
My GF is in her 2nd year of teaching.
wtf which exotic school teaches cursive first
In the village, many people didn‘t really „feel“ occupied, mostly because it was so secluded and small
there are a sort of cakes which literally translate to "cupcakes" where all you need is a cup to meassure the ingredients
Be careful what you wish for - you just might get it.
once you're 60, mandatory driving tests every 5 years, bam
Seeing their weapons, their methods on how they attacked others/protected themself really did give me an insight on how war might‘ve been, and it doesn‘t feel all that strange (I still would never wish it upon anybody)
That's really expensive
But their main purpose is not to provide people with food, but to serve snacks to make them drink more
If even
And then what
I am probably extremely biased...
Maybe youve just never paid attention to it cause it's normal to you?
Krkrk: Tyrolleans pronounce words like Innsbruck or lecker with a "kr". Innsbruckrr, leckrrr, etc
For the other half year the time doesn't change so the effect is positive
Wie schön!
I would say not having a general strike and bigger insurrection in 1934
I would have wanted my best friend (whose parents were not that well off, but also not poor neither) to join me there but he couldn´t afford it
They are reporting that he's from Albania
Austo-*what*
I know nobody who didn't love Der Untergang around here for example.
>I love that one, because if it was true, we'd have gotten really shit at that, given that one of our biggest historic rivals (France) has similar, arguably more, influence than us
I had a "surgery" on my ear years ago and had to wait half a year back then
We like some of you
Also the reason why German-Nationalism was so popular after WWI was that Austria's economy was basically busted
Haha, i dua di jo nur a bissal vaoaschn heast
My mother is teaching in middle school and they will close down completly
Don't forget Enns or Lauriacum - the oldest settlement in Austria
Vilimsky | FPÖ | 443 | abstained
Issue an ultimatum
" or "Duas handy weg
Bosnia confused,
not seen as particularly tactful in the same way as calling romanian towns by their historical german names
"Our movement"!!! Oh my god :D :D Thanks so much for sharing this gem
There go my taxes...but I'm ok with it.
Maybe it was just the feeling that a wonderful piece of our culture might have been lost
More recently, another corruption scandal involving the same party and the national Casinos company surfaced and is pretty big news right now
When the train attendant came, they were asked to purchase a ticket but declined and told the train attendant they he "could do nothing" against them.
Hell no, that would be ... weird
I knew it
Aldi would be representative of *discount supermarkets*, which is a special "class" of supermarkets.
I'm glad I live this side of the border when it comes to phone plans
Over the whole population, not too popular
There must be people alive to explain this, right
In 1976, every Austrian was entitled to buy 1 [„Babenberger Münze“] which is a Gold coin noted at 1000 Schilling (ATS)
That stuff would be as profitable in Germany/Austria etc
* (great song tho)
They are less than 60km apart
And the Rubik cube
Having an uncommon spelling for my first name as well, I know how inconvenient that can be
>I don't understand how kebabs and baklava somehow became the face of Turkish cuisine
No qualified Greek is going to sit through that not as long as he can work in any EU country.
Here's the [image] for convenience.
Even cursive changed over time, I learnt it differently than my sister 5 years later, e.g. how you write a, o, t, r, etc
looking forward to sth
Also, in my state, we regularly find old roman artifacts, and a couple of years ago they found some roman ruins near our airport
I remember when I went there how shops had signs outside reminding you to take them off when going inside
The returns in the indian market are generally pretty high
Is there no term limit
Brits were the worst, but Belgium is up there
-wannabe teenage influencer girls
we studied it in school and I'm from austria haha
I see the /s but to give an example AmE preserves the present subjunctive in things like "They demanded we be quiet" or "The doctor suggested he stay at home" which many Brits would perceive as wrong.
Because people want to see with their own eyes if God really created that many idiots.
He didn't acknowledge the Austrian state nor it's institutions
Annoying, heavy and loud - was interesting to shoot them in the military, but I have little motivation since then to own or use one.
Kunde droht mit Auftrag
Somewhat understandable though that neutral countries would lean on the side of against.
A friend of mine lives in Germany near the French border and she does a lot of her day to day grocery shopping in France
Germany
It's just Anglos looking for a reason why Germany lost WWII.
Thanks to Slovenia for the pretty Lippizaner horses and for letting us keep the name Käsekrainer (my favorite late-night Würstelstand snack)
Hat natürlich die Schwarzen nicht kalt gelassen und die haben sich genauso radikalisiert und mit Mussolini Stellung bezogen
It's meee
And I would only call the FPÖ far right
Definitely France, because we don't talk to the Swiss and the Germans are our puppet state (just kidding)
I can't say that I myself experienced much pressure from my family but then again I disappointed most expectations they had towards me, so it might just be them giving up
Normally it's the other way round
but gas is still king with heating.
They wanna be a dictator and decide what happens and maybe bone some hotties.
Not once have groups like the turkish-funded Mosque association ATIB or DITIB shown any interest in working on a progressive society.
There's some plastic blocking the entry and push down by a spring
Maybe he'd be willing to let go of this purely symbolic charade in exchange for housing a first-class European academic institution
Meanwhile, in Austria we have almost spring-like temperatures
>"DAMN IT MARK
at account and in my account settings it says (in German) that [I cannot unsubscribe because it's part of being a free user
;-)
I thought I saw a post of Fucking being named to Fugging and later being renamed to Fucking because people vandalized the sign to say Fucking again on the r/Austria subreddit, but I think I was wrong
"Ich lehre ihm" sounds crazy formal here
- I love sausages, Leberkas, pork roast grease on bread
Is that image from Blizzcon's cosplay championship?
In Austria we have the Stefanibock, a strong beer brewed in honor of St
Where you can follow your fascist believes as much as you want.
Don't worry, eastern Austrians follow the same syndrome standard German has, putting er's everywhere and then pronouncing it like an a.
Pretty sure the Americans aren't holding us back to guard our borders (and I mean guard not the current EU ferry service to Italy).
Thankfully
are or were they common in Italy?
But the US Air Force didn't care and violated the airspace nonetheless
but judging by that monologue, trash talk wasn't his forte.
I get something on the way home to eat at home and I have never seen hordes of people eating in parking lots in the US either
Less votes for the Democrats obviously.
He went full authoritarian on youth sports, trying to outdo his new coalition partner on strict measures
[Sung to the tune of Battle hymn of the Republic]
I must admit I like the look of the building
I for example grew up with Tom Turbo and the Knickerbocker Bande and I live in Tyrol
Bilbo is the largest city though
Everyone drinks it due to peer pressure, and dislikes it for its terrible taste
- Bratknödel, filled with minced cooked beef and pork, however there are several different variants, that's just how my grandmother made them
UwU
They're completely shameless, they have no respect for anything but themselves.
It would be intresting would those turks think.
This let to the two parties constantly vetoing each other and nothing getting done
Do you use a microsoft account or do you log in without one (yeah the setting is quite hidden), did you opt-out of all tracking stuff (yeah it is pre selected), do you use the start menu
Yeah that's the point though isn't it
german pronunciation is obviously the same, except the „u“ sound is without the „j“ sound in English
I recon that summer wasnt normal for Finland, was it
I dislike how extremely conservative many people are.
Edit: spelling
You can get a country flair in the sidebar to the right ->
Swiss - at least they are very infatuated by their flag
Yeah that sounds about right
Like everybody knows it is some subpar shit, but people just accepted it
Asylum and citizenship are two very different things.
The ruling party in fact was very strongly anti-nazi
-Adolf Hitler
That may be true but it's a different topic.
Here it is the same
and then my dog ate my homework".
You'll see different ones after the next elections.
If you ask about my national identity I'd say that I consider myself both Italian and German but more than anything I identify with being European
&#x200B;
"Is ja ned alles gut was der Hitler gmacht hat" is another joke I hear, and say, occasionally
The few steps up I'd call Hochparterre
Though, Vienna is somehow its own microcosm and the rest of the country is very different.
Edit: So, I figured why the numbers were so different from another
And down from there all spanish cities
The general limit is 130km/h, but there're some parts of the Autobahn where you can drive 140km/h.
lets just say it didn't work out"
Yeah, but then you're in the US
Austrian TV and news don't mention a lot of German news unless its something really big happening
More worrisome is they have no details nor any measurements planed, especially when the flu and common cold season is here again I guess there will be panic reaction from our politicians
This definitely should stay illegal.
Luckily, maybe
* Dates of issue and expiration
Last catalogue of a nordic company I got emotional about was the 1990 Lego catalogue
I don't think, that a lot of people are going to change their mind.
I love Vienna, it's the world's most livable city
Like ... do people expect like 2 years of quarantine or what
Ok England
But not this one
Policemen of the Weimar Republic swore an oath to uphold its values and constitution
Therefore he is by modern borders an Austrian
Win Win all the way for them
I would think that this person is having conservative or right wing political views or they bought it for an international sports tournament
the off center union jack is r/mildlyinfuriating
you have internet in Iceland
Average level of care for needy strangers is dropping rapidly.
Proportionate measures to stop against attacks on life, wellbeing/health, bodily harm/integrity, freedom or wealth of yourself or others.
After rulers up to his father had resided in Klosterneuburg, [Henry II] (Heinrich Jasomirgott) finally made **Vienna** his residence in 1145/1155 (conflicting Wikipedia entries‽)
Yes, thats what I meant: how come Klagenfurt is an outlier here, why didn't as many people from Klagenfurt vote green?
And kinda underrated:
Makes me want to go on a roadtrip
Yeah, but we don't want to feel bad about ourselves so there is that
We bite the grass
the tooth paste is actually light red and tastes salty
I've heard many people complain about German supermarkets
Ours would
Yes it's a Pulcinella
No, actually it's not even even that
Also he might be weirded out by the Sissi Hype
As I said in another thread, it's kinda sad that Germany didn't come up with a better name for itself to be not so all inclusive, since it didn't incorporate all of the German people from the get go and was therefore not that "correct".
And I don‘t even live in a city
nice, I‘d like to see them rockin‘ it
I certainly wouldn't spend precious vacation time standing in line for it
But I assume fireworks will die out in the next years — many people now see them as a barbaric outdated custom that's morally wrong for 101 different reasons
If anything that would be Zwarte Piet
>Point was, 40km to the east seems like a bigger change than 1000 km to the northwest
Wasn't there a bus on the bridge when it collapsed that was repaired and used again
Nowadays it has become very touristy and priced while still a tad bit cheaper have almost caught up
But is mostly used in dialekts
We basically just hang onto the german scene and mix it with our own dialects.
The resolution is pretty good and detailed.
Try to find something better first, *then* talk to the landlord!
5mbit was ADSL1 in the late 90s (Perth)
And the guy was from Milano, which is quite close to Austria
Special mention goes to Basque, which sometimes has a certain German feel to it (because of the tz tx (tsch) and k sounds), but in the next moment sounds completely out of this world
Is it a secessionist movement if the other parts of Austria want to sell burgenland
Gave me a proper chuckle there :D
Ok i didn't see OP asking for places specifically in the city
Interesting
Instead people have horizontally opening windows and exterior shutters
"Endlich ist der Führer da
Hm, maybe my family was too frugal for that
No, and to be honest I barely like any English accent
And again :
The only time people buy bottled water is when they want to have sparkling water
Everything up north or down south
That's because you *can* hang wires from poles.
Asti	IT
Teachers can do the same shit for 20 years and people just go along with it, even if it’s complete bull
I used to sing it all the time as a kid, even in front of my parents
But he understood my question about the number of his sheep, "drenta-tzinko" he responded
I prefer it over any other cola for sure
It's outrageous and a freaking conspiracy by Big Driving School.
I did not look closer at this, but it doubt that a test would give point towards the numbers beeing not significant.
I don't fall asleep randomly but I can sleep if I want to even if it's not bedtime and even if I'm not very tired
~~ Italians apparently
We started two world wars
This "socialist utopia" you are talking about is such an american concept
Basically, yes, but it was a bit more complicated
Ok as long as it‘s your opinion I will let you be, because it‘s your opinion
You rally just should have deleted it.
The FPÖ could demonstrate in court that rules had ben bend.
I have seen that in Austria too
Many are now getting FTTCB (curb = for a whole neighborhood) or, if worst comes to worst, no fiber cable up to the exchange (0
After reading that sentence I would have known you're Swiss without even looking at your flair
I remember a lot about multi-day trips though
We had multiple heat waves where hot air from the Sahara was transported to Central Europe.
"Immer" would just be "imma", I don't think I've ever used anything else, ollwail is more something that, like, my grandfather might say if that
From what I remember back then (did my service 12 years ago) the logic was that when you do your oath in the military to protect Austria, that is a conflict of interest with having a second citizenship, in case there is a war with that exact country.
"Scotland cannot discriminate against citizens of other eu countries
You don't have an atmosphere on the Moon to slow you down which makes a big difference while the energy required to escape earth orbit towards the Moon or Mars is practically the same.
Was willst du mit dem Dolche sprich
I can't even like that write
Like, what
3 turnout in 2016,
Honestly this is a common feature of many Eastern European nations when dealing with their communist legacy
Not really any specific ones but there are many Minnesänger like WvdV so I would just check out a youtubr playlist if you ever have the time
Eistee ist probably available somewhere else, but that Rauch quality
Especially when the two things have nothing in common in the first place?
Nevertheless people are born this way.
As you can see, I posted this 6 hours ago when the national broadcaster said that 1% more people turned out to vote this time round
Except when I learn new words, like a year ago with sensitive/sensible
that's true, the selection is weird.
>I have met far more Germans in Austria than I have actual Austrians
He was from Salzburg, which politically belonged to Bayern.
capish
Best wishes from Poland :)
The marmalade is still in there, but they probably added mustard and pickles to it
Of course you would never call it Austrobavaria.
You definitely shouldn't ask someone what they are earning
Timetraveller from 1919: "So we haven't united with Germany
As former resident of Bregenz which was founded by the Romans (Brigantium) I am confused it is not on the list
ELI5 why is the Turkish economy fucked up atm
On the one hand probably the most touristy site in Florence (and those are usually super expensive), on the other hand it's an old, moist shithole with bad insulation and a smelly river just underneath you
Nato countries don't enlarge their terretory.
It came into being in the post-war period through many different things that have reunited us
So, I'd say very common here
century bc
In Iceland
I can see where that comes from XD
Are there any reports/discussions about the topic?
The usage of the preamble "ur" draws a clearer line through Austria than any political party and could lead to civil war
The good thing is, nobody expects that, but the point is learning this base set of letters allows you to develop your own speedy writing style, that's hopefully (at least somewhat) joined-up (which is faster than printing your letters) and universally legible
I heard Sardinian is the closest language to spoken Latin
* Arnold Schwarzenegger (38th governor of California, former bodybuilder, actor, producer, businessman)
The von habsburg are still around after all
Because if a car is suddenly 15% more expensive for the consumer it'S not that competitive anymore.
The data-buckets for this graphic are weirdly big
Edit: That's actually a miner and not somebody skiing
Add a simplified/modernized version of our emblem eagle
I've heard many people complain about German supermarkets
but nobody can tell me you can‘t find any german speaking guys in LA
Sour brit is sour
*(We did the same in 1956 (Hungary), 1968 (Czechoslovakia) in smaller numbers, and in the 1990s with refugees from Yugoslavia in even greater numbers.)*
And the stations of Vienna's [U5 metro line] (as soon as they're done)
I was in school at that time and still to this day have friends that can't ski because they never went with school
See link in op
What should be fixed in your opinion?
>eine scharfe Kurve
It's oddly fitting and completely out of place at the same time
I was actually talking about Switzerland.
Clean and safe
How Voting works in Switzerland
Often the only way to notice is because you get a text from your provider that says that you crossed the border
Well we learnt all that in my school so I'm sure a couple could.
By the amount of people who think ww1 was startet by germans i think there is a small detail about austria many nations don't teach
The Lavender fields od Lavender town
I bin nämli ned nur trainiert in unbewaffnetn Kompf sundan hob i a Zugaung zum Arsenal vo die Marines und i werd des a voi ausnutzn um so an lächalichen Kasperl wia di wegblasn z'kena du klana Bimbo.
Das ist aber jetzt schnell eskaliert :(
Because the goal is to be around friends and family/your loved ones.
I dont think I ever met an Austrian who eats it for desert, for me this is a tourist only thing
We're quite happy with it
One of those times, I was alerted by a woman screaming to two guys kicking the crap out of another who was already lying on the ground.
Since when are cigarettes expensive in Germany
Or they're about to finish it, I'm not quite sure
I love your language but everytime I see a polish text I have the urge to send you a gift basket with some more vowels
No, and preppers trust gold more than dollars
Pretty sure it's a German German thing, never heard this word before
Ex soldier and still potential conscript and I don't see what benefits should be compared to stronger defence capabilities (you don't need an EU wide army for that).
If Auschwitz is what you think of when you hear culture, you should visit more real cultural heritage sites to remind yourself what our culture really is about
They are not the friends of progress and they certainly aren't the friends of the downtrodden and destitute
* "o weh
German 100%
First run called Marathon was in Greece though,  first with the distance nowadays in London
Obviously not every American weighs 270lbs, owns 6-8 guns and while they can name their president in 1834 don't know that Africa isn't a country that's bordering Russia or fail to do simple maths
Buying and selling cars within EU should be easier
Oh you mean the first translation of Margaret Carroux (prose) and Ebba von Freymann (for the poems) with the help of Tolkien himself VS
Lol
It's interesting, because we German speakers do something similar
once their debt reaches a critical level they'll have to default but honestly, this concept of repaying debts is so 1920's.
Yes
For example Käppee by Värttina
i have even more cruel things to point out in any country.
even the fall of austria-hungary was a historic moment that took place in bosnia and herzegovina
Do you feel at home in Germany
Surely nobody would call a Krapfen a Pfannkuchen, no
Always brought fun new beers to try too
Costa Rica and SEA, might be different for other areas mind you
I'd ask you to not move here, though, because of the political ideas you seem to sympathize with in /r/european.
Whoof, some of these look like a WW2 scene
The event for some reason popped into my head a few weeks ago, and I mentioned it to my friends
There were a lot of ideas discussed during the Dawn of Nationalism
A few years back In Tyrol there used to be a movement to get back south Tyrol.
They want all the benefits but all they are giving is ignorance.
You can imagine how "democratically" that whole referendum went down
But I think other than this it‘s not common at all
The red cave thing was stolen from another parish about a 100 miles away though
A 1000 Schilling bill was blue(ish)
Same in German
In 2005 (just looked it up :))
Objective 2: escape the building
Anyone who claims otherwise is suspicious
Is that one of those one-sided rivalries
The machines are already there, probably more expensive to get rid of them than keep them ¯\\\_(ツ)\_/¯
But it even says "GL on ass" when spelled correctly!?
they don't know that it's a serious news network, who poached quite a lot of talent from the BBC/CNN.
This all happens in good spirit
But I think it could have worked in the end.
;) #spoiltByYoutube
I can only speak for Austria, but I know for sure as a first-hand witness that all these regulations mean nothing.
3) I lost you when you started talking about an illusion, that would shatter, once I had access to education
First he is Austrian and second it can't qualify if it's purely satirical
So to a polish person, "oriental" is both the german + english group of countires
Around here it probably would get more dirty from the filter...
I live at the border of a city in Austria and we have wild deer, rabbits and Mustelidae in our gardens
How
I need mountains and rivers and less people
plus he forced Austria to be annexed
- It's flat as fuck (highest elevation 800m)
When exactly was that week, presumably in October 2015?
He told me once that they were very happy when the soldiers left
thats true, whats the argument against it
Well, there's a reason why Trump and Brexit are by far the biggest laughing stocks in any relevant political comedy programme around the globe
Most other countries are pretty similar to the English spelling, with minor differences
In Austria the turnout in the three rounds of our presidential election was getting higher with every round.
Maybe a mixture
Are you expecting a list of names, or what
What the UK in their enourmus ignroance expected is to be part of the customs union, without freedom ov movement, without having to adhere to EU regulations
I noticed, I kinda did find it ironic that Austria was close to electing a party that is Pan-German...someone who, at least once, said he'd like to re-unite Germany and Austria...which wasn't very popular with my Austrian friend xD
I thought this only existed in series, movies and books
"Herr Komissar" by Seiler und Speer is overall just a great song, it deserves some attention
If I had to choose another place, I'd probably go to Hamburg
While we are talking English ... Who the fuck came up with "hurdy gurdy"? That's such a ridiculous name for an instrument and sounds like it was invented by a drunk toddler
We Eastern Austrians don't really have mountains, and I wouldn't say we are culturally closer to Germans than to Czechs here, so there's that
Even when you don’t have any kids your own, you just have to recognize that
Ahhh- youtube ist not reality
All of them are paid degree mills that finish with an MBA, but still, there's more than one would think
Oh, only saw Malta cause of your comment.
Croatia: as long as we have you, i couldn't care less to go on vacation at some fancy, far away destination
It also doesn't help that we still have to deal with shit from the time they were part of the administration in the early 2000s.
city-wide there's difficulties for traffic, parking space, and I guess also things like building sewage systems and subways, high maintenance cost of cobblestone roads, but these are things that you'd normally not really notice as a normal citizen (only indirectly through longer time for construction projects etc)
We have the same in Austria
Same
Cause Japan isn't getting on our nerves.
so how do you count
The City of Palma, Soller, Matala, St
For example algorithmic complexity most definitely is not subjective.
Well it also mentions Austria, but let's not talk about that
Today it's used as a quite successful festival venue, so not a completely failed project
Thought the same :D. Not that I begrudge them
One equal temper of heroic hearts, made weak by time and fate, but strong in will.
Estonia - Estland - Eesti - Tallinn - [the Nordic one]
With the same word 5 times in a row it still makes perfekt sense, and shows how important capitalisation is in German
Not all of Austria talks like those filthy eastern Austrians though.
I took Ancient Greek in gymnasium and it was definitely my favorite subject, it was as intense as Latin though
I don't really know about my other great-grandparents
We have five main parties:
I'm tyrolian and I feel like all the other Austrians like my accent as it is quite harsh and sounds a bit brutal, compared to the eastern Austrian dialects
Nothing will change
For poor folks this doesn't apply of course, if the parents really need the money for something that isn't luxury, it's fair enough to charge rent
Not leaving before they throw me out
Hofer already admitted defeat
I think it‘s because all major central european rivers are located near or in the Blue Banana, with the river that was the central point of travel and the economy, the Rhine/Rhein, starting, going through and ending in the Blue Banana Region
It's true, it's supposed to look like a castle/city walls (has windows and all), and that is maybe also a hint at the CoA of Castilla, but it is at the same time still a crown
Might other things be going in, but here we have the administration being involved in bribery
Grammar is a big issue
Seems like fakenews to me
Are they things that could fit into the Austrian lifestyle
Or better, Dj Ötzi - Anton aus Tirol
I was really annoyed by that for a long time until I realised it's because after WW2, it was the Americans that were stationed in Bavaria aka that's what German culture is to them.
If I had to sum it up in one word:
) by individual students - and analysed it together as we went
The word you are looking for is „oligarchy“.
I don't need a car license
Slovenia: (I know too less about Slovenia)
"Guten Tag" is a German greeting and "Grüß Gott" is an Austrian one, so using a German greeting in Austria is not right.
I am not talking about the language but the region
Cordula Grün in Austria
Nero was the old twitter handle of pedophile alt-right firebrand Milo Yinnopolis and the chap in the first pic is alt right darling James Damore
And there is very little funding.
But Caritas was not dependent of donations or something like that.
"Lago di Garda"), the Salzkammergut and I really enjoyed Bruges
This is the view from my window in the morning
Because just stone is inprecise
Oh Comrade Corbyn
&#x200B;
Sometimes other eastern countries are used instead, but Russia is the most common
As if one person sat down in the early 2000s and planned every centimeter of the country
After the second year she has to sign a contract to get a permanent position at her school.
I never once got sparklign water when i ordered water.
The Umlauts are not optional
But if somebody would tell me a word while speaking in a dialect it would get very difficult
Halloween is mostly celebrated in Vienna, but not too much.
**TL;DR:** If we take Marchia orientalis and Margraviate/Duchy/Archduchy/Empire of Austria as the continuous entity, the capitals were Regensburg, Melk, Klosterneuburg, Wien, Regensburg, Wien
Do you have any more resources/links on this
Karl Renner was born 1870 in Untertannowitz (Dolní Dunajovice) in southern Moravia, then part of Austria-Hungary
As long as you're not traveling with a vehicle that can transport a large number of people/goods you practically wont be bothered, and when you do they just ask for a passport (have no experience as a truckdriver/drug smuggler so can't talk about that part)
So you admit that the Luxemburgish language is really German
On the other hand, if you are not at home and get attacked, and you defend yourself with a knife, it's extremely unlikely that it will be declared self-defense
He didn't even serve Austria in WW1
The Kunsthistorische & Naturhistorische in Vienna seem so much bigger
The Germans had one like this called "Die Deutschen".
Wos redstn do so gschissn daher
Flugzeug - flight thing - plane
It's such a mis-managed city
Linz is very close to the Bohemian massif (which begins beyond the Danube, but also reaches south of the Danube in the Kürnberger Wald in Leonding)
That cut makes it look quite more confrontatal than he really was
Not for Christmas, specifically (someone will correct me)
didnt we already decide that GB and Mexico change places?
Our constitution is an interwar constitution as well
Especially the students of schools that teach widespread languages are perceived as having better chances of attaining a higher paid job, as the foreign language ones are usually one of the better (high)schools in town
Is Murrelli even available Austrian wide
They used to have a store in London, but I think it didn't go that well
NEOS |0 | **1** | 0
It was more still lingering Nazi antisemitism and having ex Nazis in the party
One that uses water as moderator or a model with Graphitte-rods?
[\[4\]]  The deliberate destruction of evidence of Marcus' inventions by the  Nazi regime has left these dates open to debate and speculation
The way in which the Balkans was intermixed made sure that any solution based on ethnical nationstates would end in tragedy
Oh I misunderstood then, sorry
The only countries I'd exclude are some for safety reasons, traveling is great but you don't have to be stupid about it
Sicily for example was a bread basket of the Roman Empire and even 1200 years later Aragon, then Spain, exploited its Italian holdings fully
another quick question, do you actually write the currency symbol before the amount
Hitler probably fucked up as much as evey dictator would have.
Beating out Iraq, no less
Hear me out
I am originally from a village with 700 people so going to Vienna or Graz was always an adventure for me
Buy low, sell high
Up until the 90s yes, nowadays absolutely not
Try somewhere outside the tourist centers and you'll be sent packing if you order anything with "Sahne".
Most of Germany's neighbours love Germany too though.
No worries
Not a city but a federal state: Carinthia vs Kärnten threw me off at first because all the other states are fairly similar to their austrian name, except this one
Andreas Gabalier
Can't tell
The Netherlands have access to the ocean for offshore wind power and they could use biomass too
The conservative party (whom I personally dislike more than the far-right) under Sebastian "Ohrban" Kurz is having some fuckups that might influence the election result in September
Naschmarkt isn't that different to other markets, but very overpriced.
forgot it even existed
That was just the tip of her stupid iceberg
In my town I get one half of a newly built house (=shared wall with an identical half): 120 m², 5 rooms (3 bedrooms) and a smallish garden, no cellar, carport for 1 car
'* How weird, no
just yesterday i went to one and got killed.
- Germany (I've only been to Lower Bavaria and Upper Bavaria which is exactly like home)
Add some future tech like implanted translation devices into the mix and they will completely go away.
Prevention instead of reaction.
Daarvan merk ik niet veel
>  Austrians are trying to blame it all on them though
I've never been there but isn't St
Like I prefer my hometown water to the water in the city I study, but it is still good
Except not this short, it‘s more like hhaa, so you can really hear that it’s a h. That‘s for the alphabet, if it‘s in a word like idk Höhle [cave] then the a behind is unheard
Old fans might disagree,though
Cat goes on marathon jaunt from Netherlands to Austria
Keep in mind, that govts in Europe usually have a majority in parliament and can pass the laws they "want".
Haven‘t seen [this masterpiece] here yet
Bathing
I would be glad about beef jerky but I guess that isn't fitting so much with healthy living.
We had "Maturastreich" but that is done after the final exams in the last week of school
Austria is quite high up for a country with a lot of area where trees simply can't grow
So happy to see that the pandemic is slowly ending, and the story goes right back where we left off, climate crisis
Best is directly from the farmer but thats very hard to get in the city
I also have absolutely no problems with people googling me and I can totally understand if for example a AirBNB or couch surfing host does it before accepting my request
FN sells to consumers and is quite well known though
That doesn't mean Vorarlberg is rightfully Swiss.
What is this North Africa you speak of, that large mass in the south is the hallowed land of **jakubmarian
It's not like anything happened.
Thanks to an incompetent dentist I had to go through this)
Because I learned Norwegian, then Danish, and I could hardly hear any differences in Denmark, except some weak accents (like copenhagen, fyn, jylland)
it's generally pretty clean in my region, so the streets being littered with all kinds of garbage, broken trashcans, even a few broken shop windows, (way more than ususal) glass bottles on the ground, groups of shady looking people standing in front of shops completely oblivious to the fact that others would like to enter that shop, and people not just talking but shouting around in their languages without respect, might have left a somewhat negative impression.
But Ljubljana has an Ikea doesn't it
On the other hand - we now have the option to say on a Friday afternoon "I have nothing to do this weekend, fuck it I'm going to see Warsaw" without any kind of planning
Yeah, that's what it feels like
I did not try to prove them wrong but I doubt it would have been too hard
It's not that people voted for the green party, but he is still a member of said party.
So of course it's not really taught elsewhere
"waaay down, waaay down, waay down
aka ADW
Wohl bekomms
Some yes, bit others not really.
Polls in 2006 showed, that as much as 81% of Austrians disagreed with Turkey joining the EU
Just take days off and fly to your home country to vote like a man
"Hev we told yu about ze Blitzkrieg
According to this [website by the austrian government] there was a suggestion of the European council 1978 so apparently we were quite early
Someone being funny and something being fun is described with the same adjective "lustig"
That makes no sense
"Na dann
Because most Germans today do not cling to stone age beliefs and religious propaganda like Americans
Germain after we lost WWI and was a key figure in creating the first republic, in creating the constitution and was our first head of state.
- Butting in when Europeans are singing against each other
He killed 3 policeman and one paramedic
It's almost ridiculous how we got away with claiming to get occupied
They either use the German word "Haar" or the English word "hair" in their puns
Apparently this happens because they don't have those features (well at least articles, they must have some form prepositions I suppose, but IDK) in their languages, so they have a harder time getting a feeling for the appropriate use
Preferably in dark rye bread
The EU is far from perfect but having a mediocre European Union is way better than no union at all.
If one has a German accent however...
Yeah it seams they would have less independence and competence as Austrian Bundesland (or even part as a united Tirol), so the more level-headed one are fairly content with reamaining in Italy
It just sounds like we are the exception here in Europe
Another time an american family from Minnesota asked if they could share a table at a beergarden
It is, but it becomes less popular
Look the terms 1st and 3rd world are pretty shitty but I feel like most people feel like the quality of life in the USA is just a little too low for it to be considered in the same league as Western Europe.
Because the spoken language/pronunciation, and the written language, meant to be legible in the next village over, are not the same
Hope it gets colder soon
If you only focus on quality of teaching, nothing else - just go there for your entire degree or stay home
I'm Austrian so I'm basically obligated to be a sucker for the alps anyway
It's still in the Strafgesetzbuch
A classic, my personal favourite episode is the one with the "Spoanferkl"
And people look forward to that time of the year, it's considered the 5th season of the year
I.e. they don't have enough qualitfied translators)
The tap water in Austria is very hard (=has a lot of lime in it)
Why restrict the focus on the USA?
* 24% Our flag best flag
Jo, und dann noch in der österreichischen Gastro/Hotellerie
Sorry but that's for a rather niche group
In Vorarlberg (and I guess in Swiss German as well) people don't use the verb "arbeiten" (to work) but "schaffen" (to create), which I think is pretty dope
I can drive 2 hours, stay in my state and won't understand the people there
Yes, I always thought when there is talked about "the ring" it's the wedding ring, could have been also the engagement rings.
And people wonder why the right is having a resurgence
Because here in Austria they are essentially like a disfunctional marriage and one of the two (ÖVP) has been eyeing the FPÖ as their new boytoy for the past year or so
Germany has a "Versicherungspflicht", but Austria has a "Pflichtversicherung". Depending on where you are employed, you are automatically insured with a certain state owned insurance body
I would say nowadays its Parov Stellar, at least in the electronic genre
At least they got the sauce right.
Jeez, Germany, we don't want to go down that road again, do we?
The sea
Here a short twitter thread about some of it
The word Austria is from proto-germanic
Also, I think his company sorted out some things for him when he had problems with his apartment or legal issues.
Everything went
I think it's actually Asia that's doing a lot better in that regard than the West
Yeah, i know its pretty nice, but the rest of austria kinda looks down on it(some more jokingly some more seriously)
It's would be our equivalent to an Irish goodbye
** same with medicine; when you're sick and stuck in some seedy hostel where everything's weird and unknown, there's something really comforting about just taking what you know (like a bag of Neocitran) and feeling like you're properly taking care of yourself
The present's still pretty great, all things considering
Of course the system isn't perfect, which is why we need to work on improving it
[Bauernkrapfen]
I think most people go with alcohol tho
Yes I agree that it is better but I'd imagine that it doesn't have the same appeal to a foreigner.
let me live with the celts of Bad Dürnberg and Hallstadt, but before they were going south to piss of some romans
right, thanks
(Dialekt) I woas ned wosd moansd, wia lawan e wiama schreim
Revanche
Having to reverse too much costs a lot of time
) So the US is still far away from an improvement
My first trip was to Florida, because my friend & I wanted to go to the 'Wizarding World of Harry Potter' when it opened.
.... CK II is fun
Bless you my hungarian Friends
It's enough to go skiing at least :)
Never again
Still playing that Austrian tunes lol
This legendary SomethingAwful photoshop thread has answers -
No, because nobody says "email". Everyone just says "mail". So you'd replace a shorter word with a longer one, which does not make sense
Silvana, Serafina, Estefania, Kilenta (?), Loredana (?), Gabriel/Fabienne (??), Lavinia (????), Jeremy, Pascal
- police and special forces are searching the city atm and arrested 4 more (but atm its not confirmed if they are involved or not)
*Almost* noone has a self locking door
Love meself a good dialect, it really adds depth to people's talk
500€ yes, but never ever 200€
I was earning in Romania around 1300 after taxes while studying for my master degree
Apparently art and architecture aren't important ...
> and/or only over short distances
But we Austrians are developed much further
In Styria we have a community called Grossklein (bigsmall), right next to it there's a community called Kleinklein (smallsmall)
It’s suppose to be an Austrian dialect of German (which I speak) but it’s nothing like it
Depends on the people I'd say;) A lot of people go to Thailand for the monuments, the general culture and the beautiful nature’s scenery
As many things concerning fascism and nazism in austria, we acknowledge it, politely smile and change the subject
True
Hogs run pretty fast
As a matter of law EFTA has free movement with EFTA countries only.
Also tbh the military is just ridiculous
(He basicly said, if austria and germany would be in the balkans we would not just make fun about each other but instead stab us till noone is moving just over the question if austrian is a different language or a dialekt)
I'm Austrian and it's not easy to buy guns here, but in my community many people own guns which they got from their grandfather
I often wish we had up-down-slide-windows because installing and aftermarket AC is so much easier with them - and quite frankly, the summer in Vienna is so hot that you really start to need an AC to cool your flat down below 30° C
Bavarian 100%
They killed "only" three people, but took hostages into a plane and flew them to a number of places in the Arab world.
4 million could easily become $115 million
So yes, I'm all for improving our high speed rails or really just making some in the first place
Both Linz (Roman "Lentia") and Vienna (Roman "Vindobona") were fortifications at the Danube, which was the Limes/border between the Roman empire and what the Romans called Germania
THIS
"Das ist mir Wurscht
Y'all need to introduce a height requirement for immigration from Austria
Get a cup of tea
My boyfriend is american, and we wanna live together & get married.
Pavia	IT
My violin and now
Maybe it‘s just me, maybe it‘s just the feeling of home, maybe it‘s really better in Austria
There are refugees in every last corner and it seems very obvious that this act was carried out again by this particular group.
I play Cities Skylines occasionally, and I would love to put this together in a simulation.
In Austria, 2 kisses (1 left, 1right) are very common between friends of the opposite gender, or between girls/women.
PogChamp
] It's boring, ugly and insignificant
American restaurants with steaks and hamburger can be found too
The other one was drafted in 1941 and was then captured by the soviets and spent many years in a Gulag
They got pretty much everything about it wrong to make it fit with the american version of christmas
Well people who use the same Website online usually have something in common; they also see what other people on this Websites do and might act the same.
maybe your feet wouldn't smell as bad if you let them breath every once in a while ;)
* Krampus
Nowadays the main building the museum for military history and houses decommisioned old artillery, tanks and airplanes
So let them vote, then bomb them again?
There they claimed he was in the communist party.
any big-budget special effects disaster/blockbuster movie like armageddon, independence day or a marvel movie
No economy ever rebuilt itself from austerity
)much less popular
Lol
Fellow viennese here, I saw this hole before but never thought nuch about it, this is so interesting
No, it is the horn of a unicorn and a bowl with the name of Jesus written in it.
Italians say it's Italian bureaucracy that's the worst, French people say it's the worst in France, Germans say in Germany, everyone considers their own country to do it way worse than others.
I've been to Winterthur once, it wasn't that bad in my opinion
Stay safe brother
Adolf Hitler probably
Why would you order a French croissant, if you want something local?
Yes, in Austria it's called Maturastreich and it happens usually right after the results of the exams being announced
Yes, Notre Dame is amongst the most famous, but Europe as a whole has more than enough giant stone cathedrals left
by far the easiest group so we're gonna be the champions
Never mind
The word is also used in Spanish though
I was in Sarvar several times and it's kind of calming to see the people there
It's usually brick and mortar or concrete
Ois ist mitnichten gleich in allen Dialekten
its more that people in city are more likely to vote for SPÖ so they invest more into cheap Gemeindebauten and thereby make people in cities more likely to vote SPÖ.
Not because those younger people know more about the topic, but because they are curious themselves, and kids can talk about sex stuff more openly with someone more or less their own age
As /u/cluthlu mentioned, Poland hasn't been in recession since 1992.
** at home, going out for dinner normally means that we'll stay at the restaurant after dinner, have a drink, talk and in general have a good time
Others sell fake tickets
There is no KFC in Ibk, There are 5 in vienna, 1 in Linz, 1 in Graz and 1 in Ansfelden
Or maybe also that you can move the words around in a sentence and it will still mean the same
From what I see in US TV-shows, it's similar enough, the biggest difference being the metal casket and embalming, which I haven't even heard of here.
(I'd add the Germanic language closest to German, namely Yiddish, [but I don't know how to read Hebrew letters]
I think it’s hard to say, of course the neighboring countries look similar landscape-wise, all the cities that were build during the habsburg monarchy kinda look the same, doesn’t matter if you are in Slovenia or Hungary or Austria, think the yellow churches for example
Yup
Did the Spanish always eat dinner as late as now, or do you think that's a consequence of the timezone you're in
All the countries that have known data that is not Mr.
But in the ones everywhere else, no
However I don't think I ever heard of similar dishes elsewhere, especially not that they would be held in nearly such high regard
For my country - Austria - I haven‘t ever seen this
"Provinz" in Austria
It's shocking how many people - even austrias - aren't aware of the fact that there is an official, well definded correct way of österreichisches Hochdeutsch - just as official as the german standard german they speak in Germany
Turkey is not a european country and should not join the EU.
Yeah all the time
Situation was kinda bonkers yesterday, the closing of the Slovakian border hit us hard (we have a lot of nurses working in Austria and living in Slovakia)
People back then used to go on raids or 'i víking'.
If that question would be in german i at least could make the joke, i don't eat "kartoffeln" (german word for potatoes) i only eat "erdäpfel" (austrian word for potatoes) so nothing changes, but no you ruined that opportunity
or where does it appear the most
If I didn't forget anything
Also elections are held on a sunday so that most people have the day off -> Voter supression isn't a thing here.
There are quite a few urban renewal areas that boast impressive modern architecture like Sonnwendviertel/Wien Hbf, Nordbahnviertel, Eurogate, Viertel Zwei/WU University, Kaisermühlen (arguably older), or even smaller areas like Ensemble or star22
He knew that and he played them
Especially the "Thank you
Ehrenmann
At this moment (noon) the Spanish started shooting cannons and gun salutes and fireworks all over the city, to celebrate their "Spanishness". All the birds of the city flew up at the same moment
We even had a few classes on wine tasting, liquor tasting, and bartending
traditionally, names of older relatives or certain Christian names (Catholic country after all); contemporarily, a way of giving funky or  interesting names to your kid without fucking up their future because you were sensible enough to  name them "Stefan" before "Romulus Esteban Zapotek".
The Ibiza scandal shows that we're trying really hard, but we're just too stupid
> Austrian (mostly in German):
You could have asked how in/dependent Europe from US is, also your other question could have resulted in interesting discussion if you didn't used loaded question and/or biased wording.
I rename Germany and call it Northern Austria.
For example, imagine someone is gay and their host family is homophobic
Hollande said firmness was absolutely necessary otherwise “the principles of the European Union will be questioned” and “other countries or other parties will be minded to leave the European Union in order to have the supposed benefits and no downsides or rules”.
Servus
Where I'm from (Styria, Austria) reasonably common but it depends who you know as some folks might know no one that hunts.
Hallstatt, Austria: what was going on in the past 100 years
UdssR won the space race
we had the first official case 1983 and in 1985 the "Aids care" was founded with the help of the ministry of health, which opened care centers in every state where you could get anonymous tests and info material
You found some german speakrs that easily in Bozen?
mix (crispy and peanut in the same bag)
In summer I might also shower 2 or 3 times to cool off or to get fresh when I have a meeting or something
I think it's because everyone knew someone who was in the war or with the Nazis at the time
Heast deppata, s'eh kloa dass des da Grund is
Compared to it, everything would seem nice
I mean she told me she shares the plate with her cats, which is insane, but she throws that ones together herself
My gf's almost 90 year old great uncle lives almost like hermit, in the Pyrenees
You can criticize a lot about the Union but they would never ban abortion, destroy rule of law and endanger the neutrality of the courts
The point is tha Balkan carries cultural weight
The throne
Polls were practically useless in the last Austrian election.
I always forget that German is very common among the older generation there, I feel so weird when going on holidays to Croatia and, after me asking nicely in English, they answer in absolutely flawless German
I've read somewhere that Truthahn actually comes from the same root word as threaten or German drohen because of the threatening posturing behavior of the birds.
Arnold Schwarzenegger is glad that you specified the type of oak
I googled it out of curiosity because of this post and found this text
No Reichs involved from our side
besides {adv}
Considering that the elections are due in five days, that things are presumed to go back to business as usual pretty soon, that the moron causing the trouble in the first place has had his career squashed (instead of being elected Head of Government like Johnson was), and that the shitshow here isn't even close to taking as long or being as much of a global embarrassment as Brexit is (it is a pretty hard facepalm for the local population, I'll give you that one), I do think the comparison is quite a bit unfair
Happy to share with any of the former crown lands :)
In 1950 it was abolished again with some exceptions (that were never used) and since 1968 it was completely abolished
"doners woefully incomplete"? Who puts *potatoes* into a Döner, and in what form
8 per 100
If, let's say, he would be an artist, trying to make a critical statement on the rise of right wing populism...
Hitler didn't invent national socialism and race theory, and wasn't the only influential athor on those topics
* hut - (Hut = hat)
Idk, we're pretty dense populated
I can't remember exactly what she said, but something along the lines of "they don't care about people like you, and they don't care about people like me" after finding out that he will have to pay for his own therapy/medication
Neither i nor any of my neighbours had a problem there at any time of the day.
The hard thing when learning the language is to figure out which "h"s are silent and which are not
Everyone has the right to feel offended by the truth.
Some believe that you will immediately be raped here if you go on the street at night.
Well, the german language likes to put two (or sometimes even more) words together, which creates a new one.
They are
And yes, we know it's a misnomer because it contains neither Leber (liver) nor käs (cheese), but who cares, I don't wanna talk with it, I wanna eat it
I'm Austrian and it's not easy to buy guns here, but in my community many people own guns which they got from their grandfather
And it was clear that the UK would leave
> The Romance languages once where all a language continuum
I guess there's also schools where it is 50:50
So much winning
Austria's greatest accomplishment: Convincing the world Beethoven was Austrian and Hitler was German.
The current results are mainly from rural areas
I just use spaces for 1000 seperators and whatever I wanr for decimals
Also, going back 50 years: allowing Franz Joseph to go full-out Neoabsolutism after the 1848 revolution
Yes, basically any place that's next to mountains usually has excellent tap water.
Etzala fliegst du
I think Croatia looks like Sokka's boomerang
If you make a Wiener Schnitzel and then put sauce on it, it is no longer a Wiener Schnitzel
Turns out more people than I thought understand german in tucson arizona
yeah i reckon there are not that many areas where 400k can't at least get you 60-70sqm, unless you want some luxuries like a balcony or a garage, then you'll be passing that number fast
There wasn't any poll since then, but I don't think it will have much influence
> Also thanks Finland and Austria for maintaining their neutrality
the Anschluss
> Hopefully when Buren is president we will get less
One of the most well known military marches in austria, it's even played on our national day, as well as at the big new year's concert every year
Those are national competences.
I know everyone has heard this song on the radio 1000 times, but I still think it's an American masterpiece
It's sad but that's reality
Another example of german humour
the thing about rationing was mentioned by the BBC not the russians.
Yes
Would watch movie about Princess Holger
In either situation there isn't much we could realistically achieve anyways
I don't know, but he went on and on about the tactics in the mountains
You are just talking out of your arse.
Exactly
That we know of
American pizza is a calorie bomb with all that fat dripping off and the fat bread
This lead to the magnificent architecture people still get to admire to this day.
Without it, Germany and France would have pushed for a closer union a lot more.
Brexit showed us how that works out
I hate it when those after-ski bars dissaminate their "music" all day long to unsuspecting skiers.
Oh my glob that's cool
What kind of thought crime § is this supposed to be?
Jtsigx igciz kg igcizit If kg kgigufugjf ich If kg oh kg it t auto moderator dumb
Free market and free capitalism like in the US is not the way to go, since this allows for monopolies that can control the market
All deflection
Voicing your distain for somebody's belief itself doesn't impede their ability to stay religious
It's an EU law
In Austria it can take a long time to get on a first name basis in a work enviroment, so just use Mr/Ms <lastname> to be on the safe side.
My guess: Because the neighbours want to sleep
well, yeah you could see that this way
I guess many people in Syria feel more threatened by Turkey than vice versa
The Eastern parts were under the rule of various Slavic and other nomadic peoples, like the Moravians and Avars.
I've been to Bolzano a few times because of the cultural ties it has with Austria, but other than that I wouldn't really know why anyone would rather visit Bolzano over for example Milano
oh, I tought that's how it's supposed to taste like
Wait, Romet is a thing in Estonia?
Especially considering he is posting pictures of himself too...
It's still not a real name though
And he is actually still successful
I'm pretty sure singing was involved, but don't quote me on that.
That is a straight up lie
I’m from Vienna
Private Kyle
Don’t forget Africa, yugoslavia, greece and so on
Angst
She always complains that she didn't get good spot because all of them are taken :D
I can't speak for everyone but I think that nowadays a lot of people in my country have a special relationship with the UK.
Honestly, at this point I can't see them out the door fast enough.
non-citizens need to be deported, before they have children.
and on a less serious note, more or less, we all love songs like these after a bit too much Jägermeister
Chances are this won't change to a non-suicidal warning level till Saturday
I've never seen a place that dull
Was willsch damit säga
Not west but south and north
It's just a pain in the ass when I want to buy a car from Bavaria (100km) from me, to get all the paperwork, different taxes, import regulations etc
I realize the power of words and meanings, but in this case it's way over the top.
just been joking, its a cute little [nickname]
In any other case it causes a ton of extra paperwork.
seen many panic buying over the last few weeks
It just sounds like home
And as for nature only, the alps, for obvious reasons
When my dad was there they charged him 8€ for an Espresso
While some of these insults were made during speeches, a lot happens in interjections by MPs that are supposed to just listen to the one speaking
It’s considered impolite if you do not
I hope van der Bellen, alone how the FPÖ handled the election they deserve to lose (have knewn the issues before the elction, but instead of adressing them used it as a 2nd chance) , but I guess we gonna have a blue chancellor after the next election and this is far enough power for them...
I'd say I manage to do this by bringing **my friends** with me though
Presse: Vienna pays welfare to people without ID
- I drink a lot of coffee
What I would do is try it with medium bubbles and look at the result and then adjust the time from the same point that you used for your first measurement
We have a very similar story
I often get made fun off (ofc in a friendly way) when i do stuff like that.
Ahahhahaha hab mir schon gedacht, dass das ein Österreicher Deutschland Unterschied ist
Dragging down the GDP of the country would be ridiculous
austria had the lead of several countries from prussia to italy, from spain to romania when the hre still was a thing
I guess it is that the last government got suspended and the so called “expert government” is the first in years to actually make wise decisions
I think so, but I haven't seen it
That's just how they are, happened to me.
However Ladino is also spoken in South Tyrol / northern Italy, and apparently it's closely related
And then they sold the whole fleet to a Swedish company
Austria's insurance lobby is trying really hard to go down the same route as well and that scares me
>"the a and the o of something" - the most important part of something (stems from greek alphabet)
as in, the money you pump into the system every month
They already put out a french show ('Marseille'), then they have one from Brazil(?
What do you mean with governmental transfers?
As a result the city is pilling up debt on a mind-blowing scale and was handed down to the second to last spot in average income per person only trailed by Carinthia.
I do agree that the central heating is easier in your own house
I'm still wondering why this is called "incest" in the french media instead of "rape" or "child abuse"... like, was this a consentual relationship
We don‘t have any kind of ocean bordering us
Just genuinely curious
I eventually found a driver to take me back, who upon arrival switched out the notes too, but this time I just yelled at him that I was gonna call the police until he let me go
Endless energy
She had scissors and was wearing an old t-shirt (and a sports bra under it) and it already had a few wholes in it.
The price is 1
My aunt told me scary stories about it about it when I was 5 or so, which then I told my best friend, while I was sleeping at his place
I do all that things that I missed
It's almost a miracle that these stupid ass terrorists are too dumb or else that would have been a massacre
I really hope we learned from our past mistakes
Not all of us are lucky enough to have a Brexit of our own, okay
However, this was all taking place March 12th to 15th of this year
I'm Austrian so I'm basically obligated to be a sucker for the alps anyway
My grandma has central heating with oil and a big woodstove that heats the livingroom, kitchen and dining room
Would be interesting if any Native American knows them
Klafter for 3 m³ of stacked wood
They do have it, they're just deactivated.
There is no single ugly Austrian neighborhood to find on streetview.
I have never heard of anyone who ordered pasta
Not every single city has to entertain and amaze you as a visitor
Same for me in Austria
As someone working professionally in history it is a record scratcher when somene makes a "realistic" (which is nearly impossible) game about history, makes sweepung statements about history especially in regards to talking points about whiteness and women in opposition to the opinion academics that are immersed on the subject (who then get nunerous death threats from gamer gaters) and then turns out to like people who are "race-realists", talk about the "jewish question and are in favour of stopping "white replacement" (which basically means holocausting everyone who is not "white")
Or I tried to avoid with anything I have to pronounce thorough out loud because I didn‘t even know how to start
Yes, there are some people that don’t like it, but it’s not really something you would not talk about
There is no "word" for women who need to make an illegal abortion because abortion is legal here so there are basically no illegal abortions)
So I usually eat lingonberryjam(~european cranberry
Der Panther - Maria Rilke
Even Mark Twain made fun of it in a hilarious essay
(not op)
I think
Idk, is liver considered disgusting
> I'm in a pickle
Now obviously there is usage of storage where you don't store any of such copies
Something like "Already surrounded by mountains and nothing better to do than staying down in that ravine and taking a shit".
And most taxi drivers even will carry your groceries in if you ask nicely and give them a little tip
All European cattle come from this animal, but from middle eastern and NOT European populations.
oh wow that's funny to read
The old one or the Netflix one
Probably because it‘s more closely related to Swiss german than any other Austrian dialect
If I do sports in the morning and I cannot combine the after-sport-shower with my evening-shower then it's 2x.
I guess many people in Syria feel more threatened by Turkey than vice versa
There were a lot of
* I like the Germans (and foreigners in general)
Just the oddest sort of calm and relaxing
I didnt even know we had one
HC Strache
The ceiling seems to be intact towards the towards - here is an image for [comparison] It's however difficult to guess if the spire fell through the ceiling but if this was the case, there would be flames coming from the windows of the Nave itself
By looking at my hand, that's my cat's favourite game as well...
How do you all manage to get to the bus in time once it arrives?
Because if the EU doesn't, it becomes a slippery slope and why shouldn't other countries then pursue the same deals with far less obligations.
They start singing and clapping and stuff
I've never seen that video, herrlich, Bierbauch vorraus, danke dafür!
Yes all the time
Amazing how little button-pushing it takes for people like you to show their true colors.
Doesn't take that long, no
Thanks, now I'm terrified and attracted
Just searched through the comments
That sounds bizarre
IMHO having an expert might be better than having a career politician...
100% accurate
What's a deutscherin supposed to be
Oh wow that's even prettier than white on black
Right
Czechia is also cultural closer to austria then to most slavic nations,
Google uploaded some cities last year in Austria
The name kinda ties in well with Kärnten (Carinthia) here in Austria (and bordering modern day Slovenia).
We're quite happy with it
Seriously, this has to stop
Last year, February was probably the coldest month in the winter season while January was very warm and this year we can drink our coffee outside
Now that you mention it, we have kinda the same problem with ärgern in German
But that in Beirut is just beyond anything
There is no KFC in Ibk, There are 5 in vienna, 1 in Linz, 1 in Graz and 1 in Ansfelden
You're all poets at heart, so i imagine
lol no
not really hard then: clozehorse
even though they only seem to pay attention to us when it's time to take down a bilingual road sign
("Herrschaftsgebiet/bereich", more likely to be Bavaria, as well as generally "Reich", more likely to be the Empire)
&#x200B;
Vive la France
The historical background of Southern Europe is a late or non-existent phase of industrialisation
It has a few different branches but it tends to be a center right approach to centrist approach with christian trade unions
We have the FPÖ right wing party, which is struggling to separate itself from common sense
Also it's soooo slow
Waitz | Grüne | 811 | contra
Extortion is the word people are looking for.
Oh, but of course you’ll defend them, since ‘daddy’ Amerika is the only reason your pos scumbag apartheid country still exists
Isn't Franco's grandson flying the fascist flag on his house
Amazing piece
It’s common even for high ranking politicians to use public transport in Austria
Austria: 1938 Supporting Nazi-Germany to take over Austria country in the hope to have a better life
A square meter of buildable ground is going for at least €700 (upwards of €1000 in the right location)
He asked how the name of austria hungary is translated and technicly the name is the one i mentioned above (just in german and hungarian) so they have to translate the above
;) #spoiltByYoutube
An Anti-Erdogan austrian-turk told me that Erdogan wants to give those Syrians the turkish citizenship so they will vote yes.
But we're taking money transfers.
It's leberkäse or leberkas - semmel means breadroll
no one is blaming those things solely on russia.
oh yeah ... I still got GMX ... and one of their joke domain addresses as well :D
And since students are not all in one big pile, parties are not as "mardi-gras style" insane
I started to realize that I actually never questioned what I was shown until that point and I see things very differently now
also we don't do much construction with drywall
That's just something Germans claim
ah, we used to do the same
Well, nonetheless without him his Thai friend would still sale his version of RedBull in Thailand
His German is absolutely fantastic, but the way he randomly alternates between uvular R (standard German, back of the throat) and alveolar R ("rolling R", some austro-bavarian and alemannic dialects, as well as stage-German do that, but hardly ever alternating like this; the real giveaway is the manner in which he says "rrrrrüpelhaft"), as well as the occasional vowel length and quality (too English) is pretty telling
I just love how organized everything looks there
Lauria	IT
The Iran Iraq war is the only international conflict that comes to my mind that resembled a good old fashioned war between nations.
The fees are okay in my eyes: 0.1% annually and the order fees aren't too high either.
The gab Luther and his reformation caused are one huge part of the inner boarder.
Americans are stereotypically portrayed to be terribly scared of nudity
Hofer, the right-winged populist, was doing worse, with each round.
Ok, AH prevented the region from getting unified under local rule, but other than that, they weren't much worse than any other cultural supremacists in europe
Heisl - sort of a minimalization of the word "cottage" - originally people most likely reffered to an outhouse
I'm not reliant on a car in daily life and mostly use my bike or public transport
For some reason, a lot of German cities have really funny names
the stories we know of are rare, people didn't write their life stories down back then.
It's my curreny but also the currency of many other Europeans.
It feels like an impulsive decision based on current politics about gender
# "KRUZITÜRKN
Nope
Also the import / export balance would screw over the country even more.
When we discussed it in school, I wasn't particularly interested in that stuff, so I can only quote wikipedia:
Beggars with accordions are quite common on the U4 and U6 lines in Vienna..
Note that Christmas markets in Austria are less about the shopping and more about the drinking (punch, an alcoholic made mainly from rum, wine and cinnamon).
I think you should focus on getting out of debt and building up an emergency fund.
Most BMW engines come from Autria for example, as does a lot of the steel for them and so on and so forth.
Only going there when in pain simply means you went there too late
Its actualy very easy to get a gun here
There's alcohol, fake traditional attire as a half-assed nod to traditions
God damn that shit hits different when you see those videos of places you’ve been hundreds of times
However, the ORF included the postal votes in their projection
No it's interesting how they got a Austrian company to do it even tough there was a trade embargo at that time
This would only be true if he didn't stop at the traffic light
Oh well, then it is a regional thing :) here it is not possible
Its basically everything that was east of the Iron Curtain with the exception of Eastern Germany.
The Soviet Union and Stalin for instigating the talks and using his political capital so that we were able to become a neutral republic and not occupied or split like Germany
But there's hardly any songs like that, and I listen to them very rarely
And I also disagree about dinner always being cold
For me it's when I travel to another country and I'm able to pay with the Euro.
The actual politicians of the Christian-Social Party (i.e. the leading force behind the move to Austro-fascism): they became Nazis, otherwise arranged themselves with the new regime, fled, or were sent to concentration camps along with their socialist arch-enemies
just been to lago di garda and got greeted with apfelschorle
In-house production of "popular show concepts" .
I'd be just as much in love with my birth-place if it was a European state and not a nation.
Also I love the "ch"  and "sch" sounds ( yes I like the way swiss people say it I like the soft "ch")
Kletzenbirn, baby
So for Austria that would probably everything with Dumplings, Gröstel, some types of fish dishes, things with offal and so on
Both organizations are highly corrupt deep into their cores
Marriage is a show of commitment to such long-term relationships, and as such the state chooses to reward it
the way the Austrian system works - it's basically law
In Austria it's still baby Jesus haha
It's not like potato soup
* Group C: Netherlands, Ukraine, Austria, Play-off winner D (A)*
There is only one city in Austria though.
I just really like walking in them
Edit: I do however love that Austria has such a wide range of nature along with history to it and I absolutely love our culture, festivals, traditional clothing etc etc
The last ones are simply laws that were pushed into constitutional rank by special quorum (and also by naming it to be in constitutional rank) but I wouldn´t consider them to be the "constitution" itself
Sure, it sucks for her to be dependant on others driving her and using public transport but she would have killed herself or someone else in traffic at some point
>I sure hope my rent transfer will be processed in time
We are voting on the same subject for the third time this year, had to reschedule the election rerun and problems are already surfacing again for the upcoming one if that helps answer your question.
And the stations of Vienna's [U5 metro line] (as soon as they're done)
Oh yeah that's a Schnitzelsemmel, that's fine
But it makes more sense for Germany (or Austria, dont worry) than the Netherlands
I read the first two parts in the former translation, the third in the latter
It is suspected that they could have served as mystic places, or maybe they were simply hideaways during times of war and pillageing
I hope nothing else happens, thank god rumours about hostages and a detonation were fake
And as for cash: The ATMs just started giving out Euros one night and the currencies were used in parallel for 6 months.
There are some inconsistencies, but no huge surprises
It's missing IKEA furniture, meatballs and Eurovision trophies
Ask the backwards hellhole
My hope is that this leads to a better climate in total, with right wingers realizing that just making outlandish claims and spweing hate is not enough to win elections without some actual program behind (Hofer was actually quite good in this regard most of the time) and the rest of the bunch being a bit more motivated and actually approaching their base again a bit more openly
This discussion has been had countless times on reddit already, but patriotism just feels weird and brainwash-y to me.
Breaking Bad:
I mean, Radetzky, yes
As a rural Austrian I am offended
But that goes for English, French, Italian and other languages as well.
If not they're cracking down before you can say Kasperl
But worth checking out
What makes you think there wouldn't be?
Isnt the reason for cannabis beeing prohibited that its illegal
Germany is the country that is the culturally and politically closest to us
•Asia
A central government for a country that's as divided as Italy is lunacy.
Probably Turkey because of the current developments, and also I'm not a fan of religion in my live and I think this would be hard to ignore there.
Weather is currently great in Greece, it has had ~28°C max the last few weeks
Well ofc it depends on the lifestyle, but if you are single & live in a small apartment and have 1 or 2 average hobbies, saving 1000€ per month is pretty standard I'd say
>it's shitty for the environment
Now, the beauty of it is that we use it in many contexts and only this one word is suffice to convene so many different layers/emotions, only depending on how you say it
And who even comes up with something this ridiculous.
>So basically they would create the problem and then use it as a strawman
Failing to stand on the right side of escalators, so people in a hurry can pass you on the left.
I was talking about vertically, where it's slightly more north, but not enough to matter in the context of the image.
And Gösser Radler (=beer mixed with lemonade).
I  hate most of the provided bottles for travelling, so many are not really spill-proof
I don't know how a native speaker would pronounce it, but 'kyss' according to google translate sounds to me like 'schiss' and not tschüss.
Well, I think many countries do, just often it's not publicly known
Well there's a good chance that they're from Vienna as it's the most populated city in Austria by far.
I buy as much food as I want to eat at a restaurant
What are some funny movie translations from english into your native language, or vice versa
^Cardinal ^direction ^irrelevant
The other guy also didnt know my dad was from Austria so they spoke English with each other the entire time
I guess it stems from wars with the Kuruzen and Osmans
The US and Europe are allies.
:( You're Hungarian - meet me at the Isonzo, brotha
I gotta say that I don't totally understand the process of reserving extra salaries for particular times of the year.
For people who are interested, here's the shortened, [actual hymn version] with English lyrics if you turn on annotations
I never used it, because no one explained how to use it and I wasn't eager to try it out as a kid
They would notice, i think, bit they wouldn't point it out
When you meaning a more direct issue, today it's cooled down, but 15 years ago the Benes decrees were a still a serious issue in our relationship with Czechia and Slovakia
Its not always that bad of course
rental's close by, and it's cheap enough for a few hours
I love that feature of Spanish and hate that German conjugates **and** needs subjects
What are the consequences of Poland not signing?
We read and analysed each entire book
But if I go abroad it‘s not something I‘m weirded out by either
Croatia: as long as we have you, i couldn't care less to go on vacation at some fancy, far away destination
I don't know because I don't care any more.
Also noting that the great cities in his empire prosperd harboring great artists and thinkers
How many western states have opening prayers in sessions of parts of the government
We Austrians are always skiing
we don't see it as cheese here, more like its own thing among milk products, like cream or yoghurt
Lerchenfelderstraße 55, 1070 Vienna =>   ([
Exactly, it's the wish for a "strong man".
You can’t compare Vienna to the countryside
Feuerzeug - fire thing - lighter
If you take the good sides of it and leave away most of the bad sides, it is still better than working to increase climate change.
So a dude is leading
We've socket protectors as well
And you're surprised that Austria isn't like that.
No idea
Bella gerant alii, tu felix Austria nube
And that's the angle they should be communicating from - save your *kids*, and by extention the planet
The reason Hitler identified himself as German and not Austrian was that he lived in one of the border regions we obtained from the Bavarians just 50 years before his birth
Unteres Belvedere
The planned stop in the alps being in...?!
I love it
Problem is while Austria and Italy did their part of digging one of the longest tunnels in the world over the last 20 years, Germany still hasn't even decided where they want to build their railway tracks that are supposed to connect us with Northern Europe
I don‘t understand the sentence
I know plenty of guys with multiple cars
Romania's internet market is also an example of very good outcomes (high speeds, low prices) with very little regulation.
I don't consider Germany as a "bigger brother", they're like any other country to me.
>we're trying really hard, but we're just too stupid
I actually think that lynching such a person wouldn´t even be punished by courts here
In Vienna it has improved a lot in the last 10-15 years
I can see snow capped mountains and a 800 year old castle from my apartment balcony
We need more people who are willing to push forward European integration instead of wanting to dissolve the EU and going back in time.
He was in the middle of asking her politely in english when she just answered in an Austrian dialect and we were all pretty surprised
In Austria there are people qho say that men and women cant be friends, but I think theyre the minority
Weapons grade consumerism
like the dutc
Ski resorts probably
If I wrote in my sub-dialect and claimed it was what was used "in Austria", that would be more incorrect imo than saying that this standard German phrase is what is used
Cricles of friends there were very mixed
Esotericism or whatever its called and homeopathy, especially in rural regions
Depending on how you shift the verb it becomes an exclamation or a question too:
Funny enough, we have such a person as well, he writes books though and is called Bastian Sick, also lots of wrong claims and explanations but people are so into him
In general we have many different kind of dumplings in Austria though
The name thing doesn’t happen to me at all
"Die Cola" ist extrem schrecklich und piefkinesisch ;)
Nice work tho
My father would kick someone so impolite out if my sister ever brought them home and he tolerated a lot of shit from her boyfriends
And those bubbles
), Slovenian, German, Italian, French, Spanish, Dutch, Danish, Swedish, Norwegian
Countries without are:
Hey
They are not everyone, in Austria most if not all people would never want that.
Why would you spend energy on arguing about semantics?
Its stupid, disparages the victims and is just plainly disgusting
The other guy (played by the great August Diehl) is completely aware of the situation from the very beginning
Romania should be relieved that the romanian village from borat is portrayed as kazachstan
Isn't Franco's grandson flying the fascist flag on his house
Also, it's really versatile and expresses a lot with the melody of a sentence
It's a problem that Bosnia will have to face sooner or later.
**Modern Times**
You would need to send an international text no matter where I am on the globe, since I have a non-US phone number...
So yeah, definitely enough to get by I would say
Besides that if we were to restore the whole thing including the full Duchy of Carinthia and the March of Verona it would be a pretty rich country although we should probably annex Venice for aesthetic reasons.
Also, I think it depends on what kind of Styrian you were encountered with and what region you went to (according to my german friends normal styrian is easier to understand than old-styrian or, god forbid, *stursteirisch* - which even many Styrians can‘t understand themselves :‘D)
Oh well
We call it toast
Yes, what I meant is, everybody there speaks Basque 95% of the time
I don't think that sitting there and saying no takes balls though.
Austria for the win
r/chefkoch ;)
Someone calls you from strange number and speaks as if he's your friend.
Also when i've been abroad for a few weeks time it has happened that i completely blank out on some German expressions altogether, standing there looking for what i wanted to say like someone learning the language from new
It's called quality over quantity.
Almost like the people who profit from these loopholes don't want to give that up
Absolutely nobody is arguing that Mozart was born in the Archduchy of Austria
Siegfried Marcus was considered the inventor of the combustion engine
As far as I can tell it's always pronounced as i or ü, or something in between those two
Also, we have unlimited paid sick leave which is apparently not standard in all countries
and the teeth, they are like
Thanks for the clarification
It certainly is good for some western cities and probably better than in the east but holy crap could it be better here too
Well, it's unified (since the latest change from January 19th, 2013).
>I guess it's less weird when you're from a coastal region where such names aren't uncommon
It isn't in the marketing department because they don't know basic spelling
Haha, you almost fooled me
But before that I had never heard of it.
The Austrian German is different (and way better) than the Germany german
In high German I pronounce it with an s, but in my German dialect it's sh, like all s.
So, back to the Habsburg Empire is what you are saying
It's not just random people on the internet jumping on the "paid by Soros" thing - it's actual politicians as well
As far as I remember in the old translation the Hobbits speak to "clean" compared to the English version but the new one sounded to modern
Other things that are pretty unique imo:
The [Battle of Karánsebes] Basically the Austrian army hurt itself in confusion
Dude, if that Copyright reform goes through I'm also against the EU, but on the other hand I know enough history to know that next to the USA, Russia, Saudi Arabia, and China it's really important to have some close friends, or we'll all learn Chinese, or Russian characters in our schools by the end of the next decade
that was 2+ years ago i changed my mind.
The Black Hand was afraid that a Serbian constituent country of a federation wouldn't have any interest in joining Serbia anymore
I also hope to visit your wonderful country again soon my friend, had nice times there
Sounds a lot like the situation in Austria, except that it's 2 hours per week and any students, not just Catholics, are entitled to lessons in their own religions
- I am still here (and changed my mind about leaving)
Of course it is
Every person injured or dead is one too much, just to be clearl
If you want to have an amazing panorama while driving.
It's the party of Chancellor Kurz
As the president is elected directly at least half of the people should be ok with that
45-60 min bus ride, then a few stops with tram, then a few stops with bus
I just could not live there, I'm not made for any city
Well, "demonstrating"...
I was 17 lol
We need a translator (or several) without leaving the country
Grüß Gott
I think the "coming directly" from your quote means just that, coming right over the border from the dangerous territory to where they "should" seek asylum.
Glad you liked it
I always use photos I took, because I take loads of pictures :)
Kren, Gelsen, Erdäpfel, Polster, Spatzen (no, not the bird) to name a few words my German friends often ask me about
Maybe some of you think you have to make up for sins of the past.
(also in 20th century paintings they are depicted as nude woman in the sea)
In Finland they managed to build a safe storage for nuclear waste
I can totally imagine Galadriel talkin' in this language, wouldn't make any difference.
I haven't heard of them gaining any political relevance
Also, Edinburgh Castle was closed for a day because they deemed it unsafe because of the weather
Neutrality at the higher levels and diversity in the smaller things is kinda one of the strengths of Europe imho.
Sounds like he'd make a good, neutral president, right
I have no idea why everybody keeps claiming that
(I forgot some in Africa I think)
Wer nichts weiß und wer nichts kann geht zu Post und Bahn (He who knows nothing and can't do anything can go to the postal service or the railway) absolutely don't agree with it but it's a ryming :)
This shows that in the end what's acceptable is very arbitrary and culturally defined, and that "upsetting your stomach by eating too fast" is probably a made-up "issue" just like that as well
Make sure a buddy will get a good contract while letting it appear 100% legal
Nope, Salzburg is a liked state
Kirche enormen Einflus zusprach und der daneben auch noch ein ordentlicher Antisemit und Antiziganist war (was oft vergessen wird)
The only acceptable variation is **Jägerschnitzel** (fr
He and the other ministers communicate very elusively, it's like trying to put a nail in Jello
I always put them in the fridge
"Geht mir am Arsch vorbei
I like this more than I should
In media it's generally fairly dark and absurd but played straight
heilige makkaroni
Haha it's okay :)
Well, still better than Nazi train simulator
It's 18° where I'm at, and the map says 4
when i was in krakow poland I heard that back when Poland was Split up between germany, russia and austria the Part that was in Austria-Hungary had the most luck relatively
The president doesn't stop him
fuck that overweight guy in the north, we're the true rivals
Austria still has way too many stops causing slow rail service.
Most subreddits are probably not very representative of their topic, cuz let's be real, most of reddit is cray cray .
This film is an introduction to the Council's Europa building, presented by Jeppe TRANHOLM-MIKKELSEN, Secretary-General of the Council of the European Union, and featuring interviews with Philippe SAMYN, Architect and Engineer of the Europa building, Kristin VAN HOOLST, Director of Buildings of the Council of the European Union, and Johan BURGERS, former Director of Buildings of the Council of the European Union.
Jonagold, Breaburn and some green ones Are now available
We didn't claim it and then the allies gave it to us.
Can relate to the seasons being endless
It's disgusting
they sure can make nice circles for an ancient civilization
Pyrrhic victory means a win that was a loss
Thank you France for Robert Schumann
My hardwood floor was expensive, you better not make scratches in it
Wenn man es nicht erster Stock nennt, ist es auch keiner
Sure, today's urban planning is in every way superior to last century's.
"...
I just don't like all this talk about 'one united country europe' or being a 'citizen of the world'.
I get to see my parents twice a year and my brother and all my friends maybe once a year
> It became a tradition among some people here to bring in West Sahara children over for summer holidays every year
but if they're just dropping by
A chair seems sort of weird
He asked how the name of austria hungary is translated and technicly the name is the one i mentioned above (just in german and hungarian) so they have to translate the above
Sounds similar like the cigarettes here
While I do agree that it should be illegal, I do also understand why there's more of a focus on female circumcision
It's kinda comparable with the fasces in the national emblem of France, which – here – also isn't a fascist symbol, but a republican one
I thought it was one bullet to the back of the neck
Strizzi (Czech origin, from 'strýc' = uncle) = cheeky or mischievous person
It's the 21st century and I'm thinking of another European nation as my enemy.
I think it was kind of important in Europe history generally, because it would have made a difference if the Ottomans were able to control Vienna as it was a important city that time
Ramsan Kadyrov and his stance on LGTBQ people is enough of a reason not to go
Some of our Ski Resorts announced tgat it is not worth opening this year if germans are not allowed to come
Nah, we Austrians prefer Religious and Claim Throne as CBs :D
2nd) I don't consider myself extreme in any kind of way
Depends on how many days you have, but for a shirt trip it is definitely nice.
The difference is that we are 100% sure that NSA is able to spy us
**Tyrol**: Nationalist mountain people who only care about themselves and some weird tiny Italian province
>We moved much closer to Europe
The panda baby Fu Long („Happy Dragon“) was the first panda baby in Europe to be bred naturally and be born in that very same zoo
* [Cultural region Salzkammergut]
I am not a history nerd, so correct me if I am wrong, but my impression was that a lot of people wanted to join Germany and anyone who didn't probably would not have a fun life
I wonder why :-D
Exactly
German: H like the first to letters in 'hard' together
Ehhhhh bester Stand Josefstädter U-Bahnstation
Predicting this we went there a bit earlier
Now there's the question if you put butter and Nutella on your bread or just Nutella
You can get a horse Leberkäse in Austria too
You are definitely right
Maybe Polish politicians are getting you roads, but I don't exactly think they're what the country needs right now
(Have to add: I‘m an electrical engineer currently in higher education
But are Santas TOMs good enough to justify profiling
The original meaning (something you give) is preserved in the old-fashioned German term "Mitgift" (With-gift), which means "dowry".
Oh okay
But otherwise its just a hill, or a small mountain, right
You too are talking about differend kinds of "evangelical": Die evangelische Kirche A.B.
I don‘t know why that was the first thing I thought of
edit: grammar
In Austria the most important foreign languages are (in no particular order) Italian, French and Russian.
&#x200B;
"over Triest" obviously
He has big ears, and we often make fun of them
So yeah, there's been a lot going on here and there's written history if a lot of it, much of it due to the fact that we were center to the Habsburg Empire
It's not my capital city, but yes
Antifa was founded as a paramilitary group of the German communist party in the Weimar Republic
Interestingly, some of these countries (Indonesia, Japan) on the other hand have not problem with wolfing your food down like you haven't seen any food in a month (seriously, in Japan the parents are scolding their skids to eat *faster* because they're eating too slow)
My partner's parents in the UK do not have a self-locking door and always lock the door manually AND REMOVE the keys and take them into the next room
Well, it depends on what time scale you're looking at.
It's not an event which we celebrate in Austria.
I feel like 40 is the age, where the popularity drops slightly, but in my age group it's very popular
We should start now to look for proper solutions that promote a peaceful coexistence will we still have time, or we will eventually end up with a fully fledged civil war/race war.
Hardly any of the countries on the map was present in its current form when they "invaded".
Sigmund Freud
Due to costs that just isn’t possible here
I am not saying it's a common occurance, just that the rates are increasing
No no it's not a false cognate
5l of finnish beer
It's like she learned how to pronounce it from somebody from Germany
They are very practical, but sometimes not as extensive as you'd like them to be
Probably Vorarlberg to join Switzerland cause they share the same dialect and actually tried once
Has all the Wiener Linien connections
Though I do agree that it is kind of ridiculous, they could be saving money elsewhere
When I look at America all I see are the black dots from this chart
They make quality products, so why not advertise that
Where I live there was like a centimeter snow that was gone after the day and the rest of the days it feels like spring
80 % of royalties income is exempted from dutch taxation...
Somebody already mentioned Kaprun
You can come back in one piece in a body bag for example.
Hühnchen = Hendl
The sound of the language is ok
Yeah, and who will do training in a war zone for several months?
My first boyfriend was french and he didn’t take his shoes off in the house when he came over to have dinner with my family, and then proceeded to talk about how great french wine is and that wine from Vienna has a weird taste that he doesn’t like, etc
In 1192, Leopold V captured Richard Lionheart (of Robin Hood fame) while he was returning from the Crusades, and kept him hostage in [Dürnstein] in the Wachau region
Because it would be disrespecting the religion and the people's beliefs.
The lack of Romeo and Juliet laws in many states
we got a nice landscape, despite not having access to the sea (any more).
Obviously I had the reverse experience when going to places that don't put pedestrians as much on a pedestal as it is being done in Vienna
> unicorn
for a day but not in average for the week (which suggest that people who would have gotten a heart attack anyways just got it a few days earlier)
^(my goodness, that should be their new official tourist slogan)
After all, the most pro-EU Austrian parties (NEOS, die Grünen, SPÖ*) all voted against article 13 while the popultists either abstained (FPÖ) or voted in favor (ÖVP)
Yeah, cooked in red wine and vinegar
In summer
Noische, Noische, Noische 1, 2 1, 2, 3, 4 Noische,
They pay no taxes and they are horrible for workers
Austria - Österreich
Except in the bedroom, I like thick comfy blankets so I keep it at 18-19°.
At least in Austria you pay an import tax callefd Einfuhrumsatzsteuer of 20% above a value of 22€.
When I was little, the one cliché song for Italian settings always was "O sole mio", preferably sung by a gondoliere
Their new logo is even supposed to represent the battle ensign of the ancient Dacian people who used to live in what is now Romania
The Rockies were on par with New York on my list of places I want to visit again.
-When i was 14 i got beaten by a group of older dudes in Steyr
I think he might be referring to the largest war theatre and highest casualties in world history when those countries were at war for almost half a decade
Normally they are part of a beggar syndicate
Old people in Austria are often very anti semitic.
Maybe that's why I became an ~~alcoholic~~ someone with unhealthy drinking habits
I'm not reliant on a car in daily life and mostly use my bike or public transport
I wanted to go on one of those tours incognito for fun to see what happens there, but they are so expensive...
It traditionally has one of the lowest turnouts and reruns are even worse if we go by history.
For me it took the time of half the school year
Plachutta, Figlmüller - two tourist trap restaurants who both claim to have the "best Schnitzel in town". if you fly into Vienna the arrival hall at the airport is plastered with advertisement from those two, which should make one think if they really are as authentic as they claim
I have no idea how society views that
In rural places were people actually use woodstoves for more than looks, they are arrangend more thoughtfully
for example, I've often missed a direct english equivalent for being *gespannt* ("anxious to find out sth")
thanks, i hate it
I a - Mee too
Do you have a link to the poll?
Absolutely annoying, if you ask me
Dude, we're right here
Not sure how many of you actively know of it, but Bitdefender, the antivirus brand, is Romanian
Poland and Hungary cause enough trouble to be honest.
What's with that famous american Donald?
Firstly Austria hardly acted neutral during the cold war, having strong if informal ties with the western powers (going as far as building its whole defensive plannimg on beeing rescued by NATO in case of a WW3), secondly since 1991 and the fall of the USSR Austrian neutrality has become irrelevant internationally, thirdly since we joined the EU, the mutual assistance clause of the EU supercedes the Austrian neutrality law
Public activities are mostly humanitarian help for catastrophes and war areas, and regular ambulance and/or hospital services in some parts of the world
Also I don't get it
However Romania after the communism could go rekt...no country in the world can cope with the global market on its own.
There is a really good sausage called ["Polnisch Spezial"] but I havent seen it outside of Austria.
russians were a bit more aggressive, the dutch were just loud :)
Inb4 it was the state that funded the attack because one lord one bought a drone and didn't have fun with it
Nice
I stand by my assertion, that is a rather uncivilized aspect of the US.
about it, and humans will
One of his precedessor just started to call himself that, without any legitimacy
The usual combo
Somehow I completely understand all of what you said and also see how you can differentiate between Muesli and Müsli in spoken language perfectly but at the same time I think this is nuts AND very interesting
I'm already hyped when I see this.
Sestola	FI
But it sucks if you as a native want to do something yourself like skiing.
Another Alpine instrument is the Hackbrett, but Styrian Accordion, Violas and Guitars also feature a lot in traditional music
It's actually very similar to Austrian humour
Russia wants to weaken the EU to strengthen Russia, while China wants a weak everybody-but-China
you really miss out if you have been to Mallorca and not seen these
Attack me with their one battleship
And of course it should be cold
I have never heard an Austrian referring to a condom as a Pariser, which is why I said, that it only means those two other things mainly
The obsession with guns
The Man From U.N.C.L.E, Gaby Teller is a gril from the DDR
I'm sure they'll do fine, and turn it into a suitably catchy song for the soundtrack too
>All the cashmoney in my wallet after I return from holiday
People are much more open to you if you do sports together regularly
Nowadays documentaries are always foreign ones, thus subtitled, so no iconic voices that I’m aware of
Ambulanz (ER)
I don't know if [Spätzlehobel] are a staple anywhere except Austria and Southern Germany ...
If that was a "stand", how in the world did your autocorrect get to that
(Which means paying part of the development)
>social welfare that helps the poor
Funny to see this pop up here, I've been to Kerteminde efterskole (not as a student)
The same happened to me when I listened to the Polish alphabet.
Very interesting to see the Czech perspective.
Austria is mostly annoying in the southern parts due to all the mountain roads.
He's just as is a disgrace for our country
But it has nice Wine and food, it is mostly banter between the states :D
Greece for example was treated very leniently while still being able to sell it to the German public as something necessary.
&#x200B;
But what with the blood covered sheets and the transparency and the lack of proper address, how do you know you haven't counted most of them twice
I had some shortcuts before like for miles and feets and gallons but I lost it
Those who go to English medium schools have to learn Welsh pretty much from the start of education until the age of 16 but many leave still not being able to speak anything beyond the very basics
Nowadays it's open to visitors and there is an electronic music festival held annually on the premises of the power plant
This is how Cold War strategy works.
Breitbart were the ones who first reported on Anthony Weiner's first sexting scandal.
Ive only ever heard that one from my grandmother
*Steyr
> he thought I was his colleague and called me a "Spasti"
It was never turned on
It took them 1 million hours just for the assembly.
Yeah, I don't know what they do different, but no other bottled iced tea compares, most don't even come close
I really loved all the Wes Anderson movies I watched, with "Moonrise Kingdom" being my favourite.
Offensichtlich
>And Hitler, while born in Austria, considered himself German, rejected his Austrian citizenship, and his whole career was based in Germany
The Käsekrainer was invented in Upper Austria in the 1960s/1970s. But the base sausage Krainer (i.e. without the cheese) is traditionally Slovenian (Krain = Slovenia)
She said that for "a small donation" we could cut a piece out of her shirt.
And as an Eastern Austrian I don't even see myself as a part of Alpine Central Europe either ¯\\_(ツ)\_/¯
Steirisch ia:
why didn't as many people from Klagenfurt vote green?
We are in the heart of Europe and our culture is a mix of many different elements and Germanic is just one of them.
Doesn't matter, Austria (same as Switzerland+Liechtenstein) is surrounded by NATO members and safely tucked into the whole NATO-EU military framework
Yeah we have a lot of shared (cooking) history, that's for sure \^\^
lol
Why
Adeg, Billa, Bipa, Merkur and Penny all belong together
The Republic of Extra Long Austroslovakia
I get why they are *brown*, but the *hash* part is very confusing
Then we have Rosenbauer, they are the biggest fire truck manufacturer in the world
I'll try as an outsider:
...and thinking we could actually fight amd win a Balkan war without it becoming a World War
Or on their trucks
La Traviata - Libiamo ne' lieti calici
What you call a Frankfurter, we call a Frankfurter
Casual conversations are more like: "Heeey wasup
Maybe I‘m just used to them
For instance I'd never consider a German-speaking South Tyrolean an Austrian, even though they are basically indistinguishable from "our" Tyroleans
com**
Ok as long as it‘s your opinion I will let you be, because it‘s your opinion
- I prefer alpine over sea salt
I'd say Jack Unterweger
I think the best place to ask this would be /r/MapPorn .
And of course hijacking a plane is just a splendid new start...
Better than making a fool of yourself
Italian, Spanish and Japanese sound the best to me
I just learned about it through some weird Imgur memes (I know, I know...).
That's more so the Germans though.
When I was a little kid, Sweden was [Pippi Longstocking] land, but I doubt the theme song is iconic enough to represent a whole country
Silos
Ich komme
How do the daily tests compare in the USA vs
The word "doch". It can be used in a various of different contexts and is amplifying the speakers point
Those people are opposed to him for various reasons, but they don't really *hate* him, which is the whole point of this thread
I see very little personal attacks against religious people on this sub
Especially when the feet heat up indoors
The terrain you call similar is only similar, as i said before, in the most southermost parts of germany, where you actually have mountains.
Have done it since earliest childhood and still enjoy it
EXTREMLY terrible
I mean pretty much all of our grandparents and great grandparents were pretty much a bunch of assholes, commiting all kind of atrocities, especially during WW 1&2, and tbh it won't be a big loss for the world to see a generation raised by racism and overflowing nationalism gone
". And saying "Tüte" is just absolutely not a thing here
Ok, but couldnt he do better for the protestors with this position
Also, if servants, or anyone else in Vienna, is [rude] to you, they don't mean it.
- but only using germanic names for your Mutterkreuz-worthy amount of children you have shows your political leanings.
The first building that came to my mind was the [Hofburg] in Vienna or the [Museum of Fine Arts]
And the influence of peers and older siblings (in my case my two older sisters had "the talk" - i.e. penis, vagina, condoms, kinds of sex, you know, the ABC of sex - with me, without the parents, on a long car drive when I was 11) is way underrated
Which roughly translates to:
Our "social clock" is absolutely terrible
I think if you wanna be nitpicky we technically invaded
No shops, not even groceries are open on Sundays
Oria	IT
BAM
Since very recently (probably because of the pandemic) they have an [instagram account] that provides news in Hungarian, Bosnian/Serbian/Croatian, Czech, Slovenian, English, Turkish, Arabic, Farsi and Austrian sign language
Yes, you can just learn the borders of the Balkan peninsula, but the cultural/political definition of the Balkan is not as clearly defined
You mean the same SA that went on a full-scale rampage against Jewish businesses and people in the Kristallnacht?
This was in the 1957 Eurovision song contest, which was only the second one in history and the first one using a public points system
If you can't get Semolina, in a pinch probably even corn meal or polenta will do
Since NFC I prefer using debit cards in grocery stores also - even faster than cash now.
We also can't differentiate many tirolian dialekts, for us they are mostly the same and 80% is the same and the other 20% aren't enough to differentiate if you don't hear them enough
You can find a lot of untouched land
Apparently "Saufen" got covered a lot, including some Ballermann-Style versions that seem to not get the sarcasm at all
i've always wanted to visit vilnius, and lithuania in general
I sure added the KFCs for Poland
There are alternatives like [
Okay so there is nothing wholesome about germany
I wish my country helps, so the Lebanese won't experience a huge famine catastrophy there (a lot of the country's wheat was blown up)
No, it was removed because yours was a random screencap of a random document without any context.
[Mohnzelten] Yeah, no thank you
Especially the time when it was the border between the Ottoman Empire, Venice, Austria and the Italian principalities
According to the original thread it was made by a Polish person, so I wouldn't necessarily say that.
Hofer (the right wing candidate) is by far the most disgusting person on the political stage
All of Woody Allen's "European movies" are just long chains of American clichés, and the protagonists are always unbearably snobbish and stuck up upper class Americans from the Upper East side or whatever, who can't deal with the "passion" of their European counterparts
It was the only place on his entire coat that wasn‘t red
And they portrayed the german characters pretty well imo
I'd like to believe that I got the most right as well, it's just that I don't know many of the words so I had to guess how you'd pronunce them.
Does any country _not_ have those
Not if they're powering the vehicles that drive on them by induction
Mostly because I'd love to finally visit Ukraine, but anyway
relax, it's just the usual media hot air.
I climbed that in Assassins Creed.
The breading should be crispy, the inside soft and Tender
nah, that's the mobile phone communication standard
And then, an a colloquial context there is "höf' Gott, dass's woar is" - "may god help that it is true" - but I have no idea what should be true here
Little Germany
[Tiergarten Schönbrunn (Vienna Zoo)] It was founded in 1752
Like when people say that "Slav" and "slave" are related
I live in a hilly area and I rarely see this happen
For example, in german the movie "Die Hard" is called "Stirb Langsam" which translates to "Die Slowly"
>I mean why can't you just see Germany as the older brother
That would be [Otto Clemens] although he is a narrator rather than a presenter
Am i right
Is this just modern cities
* Perchten in general (the Habergoaſß is one of the Schiarch-Perchten)
Switzerland doesn't consist of different nations but rather of different linguistic groups.
It's called a "Krippe" over here.
Ja, und wir sind stolz drauf
[Schilcher] is a red or rose wine from Styria and sourish
Hah my brain is still in sleep mode, I live in vienna and as Basti said, we don't get up before 12
I chose 4 for Vienna, and 2 in Salzburg along wit 2 in Styria
>-30
Isn't Hungarian somehow connected
Probably because the 4 locations are counted as one
I guss it comes from the old "hairy woman smoking cigarette" foreign-film stereotype.
Yes, Samichlaus from Brauerei Schloss Eggenberg
* der gefangene Floh – the captured flea
On the air quality note, my city actually has quite decent air quality for a city with a population >1m. That is thanks to a wind constantly blowing from the west to the east
Almost 50 now and still resisting
(Yes, I really want that bed
French sounds soft and sexy, russian sounds strong
The name implies that they are from Linz, Austria.
it's just that we in the east see people in the mountain regions as mountain hillibillies
AFAIK it comes from the Germanic word for Romans
&#x200B;
Thanks to Hungary for more great food and also an awesome captial city and awesome language
Not that it would be too much of a loss but we like the wine from Burgenland
Germany no upgrading its rail network to account for upgrades in neighboring countries seems like a common theme
As I said, around 40
as an austrian, i'm not sure how to feel about this
You could pay that online for instance.
Other than all our neighbors we prohibit cycling in the forest
We have very weird dialects
certainly not have Topfenkolatschen, that's for sure
We have the first too, although a bit different: "Wie die Kuh vorm neuen Tor" - "Like the cow in front of the new gate"
(I'm not judging, but it is how it is.)
Puma is the German word for cougar
But in general you'll see loads, your ex roommate must've lived in a special bubble if that's how he perceived it
That is actually remarkable
There are better shows, but it's ok
\*Stay strong and be cool .
Hope that cunt fell in the Danube
Waunst maanst
The squids who now roam the earth partake in an odd ritual where they swim from the temple of Londonoria to Brussalantis to ask for an Ex Ten Tion from the Old Ones
But, and this is a big but: We (as a country / group of central european countries) have already reached the sweet spot
Man, i cant find it but i am halfway sure that some south korean Politican on visit, said something like “Germany should consider itself lucky that it doesnt have to endure the pain of a divided nation“ in front of the Bundestag
etc
I've had it the other way round, I hat to talk to Swiss people in English because I could NOT understand their German at all - same with some Alemannic dialect speakers within Austria
Viennese say it starts in the 16th district
Also was weiß ich
Ridiculous in a more tragic way, maybe, but I think the way we lost the democratic first Republic might be a good more "recent" contender
From the top of my head:
What are things like where you are from?
I thought (until now) that only in Germany they limitless
Name me a country that is more Central European than the Czech and us
Austria has the biggest nuclear power plant model in the world
a shame though that the Strasbourg hemicycle is definitely the better looking of the two
Goddamit, Finland at it again
Me neither, Vienna is supposed to be one of the safest cities in Europe, this was the first terror attack we had in over 40 years
Thats not how that works
fucking mestre toll station, thank god they opened the by-pass off a57 a few years ago.
Sure
All of them
* Engelbert Dollfuß (dictator in Austria while Hitler was dictator in Germany)
Me too (well, depending on their looks and my relationship to them I guess, but still) - I doubt that there are a lot of people out there though that fulfill their secret fantasy of having sex in a room full of sleeping strangers and for those who do, I doubt the probability of this happening in the room I'm in is any way significant.
Not really
Going out, hanging out at home, going to work; the same outfit is fine for all those things
For a country this size Vienna is rather large
That's just not done, unless you have only ever eaten in bad tourist traps catering to Germans
The recipe is Austrian, and the Loacker family originally hails from Vorarlberg
ugh, same for driver's license here
Take away: we're equally stupid, we just need longer to start the stupid
It's basically straw
Had my pockets picked once in the underground
Many of them are dubbed and run on national TV, mostly crime (like the whole CSI series) and (sit-)coms (Friends, How I meet your mother, Big Bang Theory).
this thread has rekindled my interest in late medieval European history
It's only a matter of time before coverage gets better
Would have thought higher: Vienna, Brussels, Rome, Milan, Barcelona
A mezzanine is pretty typical for old buildings in Vienna, Hochparterre aren't terribly uncommon either
Hardly, the UK is still using the gym, you're still part of the single market no?
humans have created a society that values ones life more than their ability to contribute to the species survival
Left wing won over right wing populism.
just google ''country demographics mundi''.
But if we pick Sissi (Sisi) as a pincess, then a horse would make most sense as her animal sidekick
I thought Britain = England + Wales
[\[6\]]
I've never met anyone doing wrestling and have never seen it televised, unless on the dedicated sports channels during the Olympics maybe.
the verbotsgesetz, he just didn't explain it very well.
So I gave it a thought and it must have something to do with all those German YTers and streamers
But that is especially why the EU has so much potential, because it is something greater that the single governments - take the European Parliament for example, time and time again it has shown that it's [voting with the best interest of the European people at heart] (unlike the commission, which is representing the EU's governments)
Also, Vorarlberg should be Hinterarlberg
No I am not saying that - but if Spain decides to cut off Gibraltar from land access to Spain or decides to not let Gibraltar bound planes use its airspace (remeber no deal Brexit also means no open skies agreement)  - why should it intervene against a member state for a non member state ?
[a pattern emerges] ;)
the weird lady who sits the entrance at my workplace and who lives with six cat brings her homemade casseroles in a Tupperwear box
I am on the political left and I like the country
It is also still used as a salute among hunters and fishermen (Weidmanns Heil/Petri Heil) or when reaching the peak of a mountain
Coincidentally, the first movie about Sisi (or her death, rather) was made in 1919, directed by her niece
Doesn't it rain quite often in Ireland anyway?
"Dude
Beggars are more common sitting the stations though
[As long as you're fine with carrying a rifle outside town at all times, you're going to like it]
I think I adjust my personality not for the language, but for the people to whom I have to talk to in english
most successful scam by far is the Sound of Music
Uff, my girlfriend is very very very Basque
I was referring to "when Yugoslavia got western Slovenia from Italy" part.
So interesting that that was then only a few years from the legalisation of abortions in the UK
It's called "Brautstehlen"  or "Steal the bride".
Ok, let's get started
For everyone with common sense he is a disgrace
Ten at the moment
Also interesting and odd is they were shortly the monarchs of Mexico, I think thats why there is a Mexikoplatz is Vienna
I only could renember veery cheap production in this style, nothing worth to mention.
But some people think that it's unhealthy so this might be the reason
2 or 3 of my favourite Freitag bags, Kaweco travel pen, notebook, kindle, the watch my husband gave me, favourite lipstick, favourite earrings, cinnamon mints
I have to give the croatian speaking minority in Burgenland a honourable mention since croatia is not a neighbouring country
Oh I see
No, no limits, we'll reach for the sky
A report came out yesterday (after investigating a statment released by a whistleblower a few months back), saying that the city of Vienna is expecting to spend 1.6 billions a year on welfare in the year 2021.
Leopold's Mountain
None
Americans used to have major espionage activities in Austria.
The name is a bit misleading
It was at the supermarket and these just-turned-teenagers spoke more with a German German dialect than Austrian German
4 of his 5 siblings didn't make it age past age 6.
&#x200B;
but who would click on that, right
Thanks for clearing that up - false friend alarm
They made an spreadsheet to designate all of the stis people did/did not have and what their sexual preferences were
People do not know them
Can't think of one right now, but wanted to recommend /r/DoesNotTranslate .
So, Salzburg, Kärnten, Steiermark, Oberösterreich, Niederösterreich, Wien and Burgenland all have a funny accent.
Like a Turkey under Erdogan had any chance to become a EU member.
I mean it's bavarian so we have quite a good claim on it
Holy shit, we invented the polio virus
Nigel Farage willing to serve Donald Trump 'formally or informally to improve US-UK relations'
The most likely one is probably just "A place in the East of the Realm", either generally the Imperial or specifically the Bavarian one
If you only focus on quality of teaching, nothing else - just go there for your entire degree or stay home
I've never ever heard a single word against homosexuals or even abortion (though I would asume they are not big fans of that).
Would make sense especially for the alive and well French movie industry
I scheiss an grant iwa dir aus.
What do you mean with "Wir" signs?
Beer, sure
Worse
(And was surprised, we where not as as giddy and astonished about it, as she was)
The first time i talked to dutch people (it was on the tyrol-salzburg border during my holiday 5 years ago or so) i thought that they spoke some north german dialekt and they don't understand my dialekt
How about we stop the distribution nonsense?
Well, if you put in on a big enough delay there shouldn't be any mayor issues.
Most furniture stores offer light trucks or trailers for rent, depending on how much you buy it might even be free
Hello Neighbors
000 Kronen (the currency back then) has never been increased
&#x200B;
We had to provide all of our own art supplies, but with our student ID from there we got a discount in some art supply stores
people thinking that Austria with its 1000 year long history, that clearely seperated itself from Germany after the Austro-Prussian war both in culture and language would just be a part of modern days Germany
not saying that there's nothing to complain about, and not saying that the French wouldn't also protest on their own
I don't know whether this is still relevant nowadays
oh boy
Any filming of people's faces is illegal without their permission and addition any video surveillance is illegal without a permit.
Is this a good time to put it into some fund such as STOXX50E or S&P500, or maybe in real state?
Heast
One I could think of on the spot is maybe [Der Grüne See/Green Lake]
Hey there fellow Austrian, may I remind you that SERBIA STARTED THAT ONE
They are not particularly useful.
So I know I'm late but you don't commute via car, or do you
FPÖ abstained to please their coalition partners at home, while Grüne and NEOS represented their people
I'm serious, look it up (if you know Spanish you might be aware of that, but it was a huge surprise for me)
I live in Styria and I am in my mid-thirties, so I know lots of families too
Was supposed to be there for Rampage
Think about all the oil and industry, though!
Due to his Jewish ancestry the Nazis decided that Benz was the inventor
so my brain really thought he did not followed his own rules to covid, was in a restaurant, got covid and died
and everything else what I always considered normal here
2016 did not let me down in this, thank God
debit card is cheaper and safer.
Midnight in Paris at least has a creative story and a good message (nostalgia is overrated; kinda ironic coming from Woody Allen, I know)
No, no
And even they learn quick after passing some fellow travellers
Even if its true and he was responsible
You mean ... a [Kachelofen]
You should stick to the pinnacle of German cousine: Döner and Currywurst and leave good food to the people like us
what i know, and as others in the thread here explained, germany is only slightly worse than the nordic states:
As others have said, you can't show off Europe with a few cities.
It’s called Spatial Planning/Raumplanung here, so you’d also study other aspects of planning like regional or traffic planning
Elites and media are campaigning for Macron.
Do you happen to have some recommendations regarding reading material
I saw your image further below linking to an image of the U1 stations and it's not ugly.
Two American ladies were waiting in line in front of me to get a Döner/Kebap at a kebap stand
Tell him germans like to hear compliments about politicians
Everybody loves Kurz for some reason, only the left hates him, or at least doesn't like him, and everybody else is unknown and/or irrelevant
Same language with the same accent, same restaurants and cafes, same shops, same street signs and general layout - it’s pretty crazy imo
Kärntnerisch wäre anders und Vorarlbergisch auch
I realised how fucked up your system is when German politicans and expert started to praise our system
So that's the reason Americans and Jews don't have sex eh
China
Yes, a lot of Austrians were happy to be annexed but the political leaders (who also were fascists and dictators) of Austria should have done something.
Both are nowadays largely politically autonomous (I wasn't able to find any data on taxes and subsidies to the territories so I am just gonna assume that most taxes are retained locally and Denmark subsidises the territories)
I eventually found a driver to take me back, who upon arrival switched out the notes too, but this time I just yelled at him that I was gonna call the police until he let me go
As a white Middle European guy, I experienced that positive kind of discrimination when travelling to Indonesia, and it was a weird experience.
DJ Öxit mit "Kan Ton aus Brüssel"...
From "your storage organization is very neat and easy to understand" to ironically using it like "Die Auswahl in dem Geschäft war doch eher übersichtlich" - "the assortment in that store was rather small".
Bavaria isn't known for schnitzel though and barely for the alps.
Yeah making such a fuss about academcial fuzzy definitions of regions is just plain dumb
You should be fine then i guess
i spent 16 days in the ICU with a life threatening situation, got a ride in the ambulance, got a shit ton of meds, 2 MRIs, 2 cat scans and an angiography during that time
I have the experience that women are very private about it but once you are pregnant everything changes and women don't talk about anything else anymore with you
printed by Piatnik too
Auch diese Regel ist in der Praxis schnell umsetzbar
I mean, if you insist on taking home tiny crumbs, it might seem weird, but I don't think anybody really cares
Instead they have commercials about what a great time people have at casinos, socializing, drinking and smiling
One might not but a few would be enough to uniquely identify a person.
Or you know, making fun of accents
Jaaa das war ja uuuur leiwand
If you wanna move for political reasons, be sure to closely inform yourself about the politics of the country you are moving to.
That most people give absolutely no shits about local traditions and that they'd rather assimilate than stand for what is practised in their own region.
Isn´t it always the other way round in austria that all the other states are looking down on vienna and "die gschissenen Werner"? Even "Gscherte" in vienna isn\`t so much used for people from the countryside but more for viennese from the poorer city districts
At least in Austria we are also saying "those are bohemian villages to me".
I can attest that it's super common among Viennese workers and in certain regions of Lower Austria (Waldviertel etc
The Swiss one is a big plus though.
If you're not sure, ask right away
Red: Maths
they also made the longest cable car in the world in Phu Quoc if I am not mistaken
I went on vacation near Pula in Croatia with friends from Romania
That sentiment was even more pronounced under the 1928 royal dictatorship
equal populations, so there wouldn't be much problems with different populations.
There was this very unfortunate episode where Daesh amassed hordes that pushed back the Syrian troops that had recaptured it and then went to complete the destruction of some of the historic sites
I mean we didn't want him, so why not :)
24th on the evening, Christmas dinner ([noodle soup with Frankfurter] and the meat that was used for the soup afterwards, together with close family, parents, grandparents (sometimes close neighbours)
Not very
If you need the name it's Zinkenstüberl ^^
One hour with country roads, primary roads, and city driving
I would say Germany
i used to have a small hidden place in the forest.
(Now I luckily know how it’s pronounced :‘D)
I'm pretty sure you don't want ottakringer right now.
Your system is the one our right-wing party wants to have here.
Same for Spain and roughly Portugal and Italy
5) Melt the other butter in a pan and roast the bread crumbs until golden brown
Your Jonathan Frakes
Böhmermann just went unnecessarily over the top.
Kaputt after Weltkrieg 2
I am assuming a 10% return including dividends.
Gift in German means Poison, in English it of course means „present“.
Everything you just said applies here, with a bit more nazis mixed in.
Breathtaking xD
I enjoy the lifestyle, security, and work/private life balance here so much more than in America
And I said it's even worse, many even spend money they don't have
>I don't know a single person who likes to cook, everybody I know is  eating no breakfast or something cold, eats lunch at work and then eats  bread for dinner at home
They have a fairly large share of the market in Germany (afaik some 30%).
Gelsenkirchen - mosquito church
I have blue eyes and wear the same kind of contact lenses.
flair up or i'll come north and beat some patriotism into you ;)
part of italian history yes whereas it being  italian is debateable same the HRE being a part of austrian‘s history but not being austrian
And from there everyone has a responsibility for the common good, starting at the family, through the cocal community up to the state level and beyond
Of course
We'll see what the new guys give us
Hate crime
***Alles Erdreich ist Österreich untertan
On in front of some tunnels as those have their own funding.
Don't ever go to Lignano
Used to be popular taking a road trip around Scandinavia with a camper,
No need for hooligans when you have shakira patrols
The zither player Anton Karas actually reached the top of the billboard charts I think, and he did a world tour after becoming famous with that movie
And a smaller stove for one of the upstairs bedrooms
Objective 3: defend yourself against the members of the hc-ss
You cannot get some snakes like western hognoses (I know of exactly one breeding pair in the country) or garter snakes here, but they are super common in the US
I guess we're just
(The Wikipedia page for longest buildings is misleading, they measure around corners too)
While I appreciate some of the napoleonic reforms (System International as the most significant), I think in general it held us back on the parth to modernity.
Don't forget the all-weather jacket
Sadly, rabbit has gone out of fashion somewhat
Saint Nikolaus traditionally "visits" on 6th December
Antarctica
Counties people don't joke about: Salzburg, Tyrol, Vorarlberg, Styria
Check out their Album 'Orbit'
The turkey says "gobble-gobble"
Palace of Culture and Science is also iconic and arguably the most popular, but just like many other landmarks in Poland it reminds of sad times in the Polish history and I just wish the rest of the Europe saw more beauty in this country, as it surely deserves it
In Europe, at least my country, it's removing the influence of religion and church from everyday matter
Matjesbaguette is great
I also hate people who use English words in German
Directly forced integration has not, but indirectly forced integration by economic and social pressure has.
will be completely indistinguishable
In my opinion this could be a north sea sailor selling me the best fish in the world with extra omega-3 on TV
Vatican condom row: pope prevails as Knights of Malta chief resigns
we europeans have neighbors
Oh man we got way too many offal recipes
I bought Voss water once - for the bottle
well, if you talk to native speakers you'll hear anything from very by the book water to woa-dah
And turn it into something other than a ferry service.
Also Pfiff for 0,2l (or half a Seidl, varies regionally)
I also don't see the difference between pronouncing "aber" "owa" and pronouncing "ich" "I". At least "I" shares a letter with "ich". There are terms I've only ever heard in dialect/that might only exist in dialect or at least wouldn't know how to translate, but non of those are involved here
Still 'Mutterkuchen' mother-cake in german (if I didn't mix some anatomy up)
The Habsburgs in general are viewed by some as inbreeding despots, by others as a nostalgic symbol for a time when Austria ruled over an empire and was more relevant in general.
Grüß Gott isn't at all a religious phrase, it simply contains the word god (so do adiós, ojalá - this comes from inshalla which means god willing, goodbye - god be with ye, and many more).
Sources:
In Romania all military establishments belong to the Ministry of Defence
Old Saxon is not a High German language.
Yes, I really like it and I wouldn't want to live in another country for the rest of my life
> What would a no-go zone be
Religion is a very private thing
It definitely wasn't cheap, but not much worse than Austria (doesn't help that groceries are pretty expensive in Austria as well)
Saddam also didn't have any fighter aircraft left.
I was shocked how much Carinthia reminded me of Austria
The Burgenland is the incest-joke region of Austria
I have never once seen a picture of the federal president in any classroom, so i doubt thats true.
Fuchs und Henne the local fox game variant
Or Im just stupid, that's also a possibility
no, since packages are normally delivered and signed, or taken back
I believe that the German president is even less relevant than the Austrian though, so it makes sense.
&#x200B;
Call the Midwife had an episode set in 1963 where an au pair from Hungary realises she's pregnant and is shocked she can't have an abortion
" When I first heard it in English, I thought this must be a very sloppy translation
It's up do you and an *American* decision.
At this point there's no reason to still cling to the electoral college
Less friendly nepotism, more blatant corruption
European Union headquarters, waffles
I am linking this, because it is a striking demonstration of what right populism can do to the human mind.
Butter has nearly no lactose and you're not eating a big portion of it in one go, so it should be fine even for lactose intolerant people
There's some plastic blocking the entry and push down by a spring
Or someone had some really badly maintained pipes
I'm confused
Not really, no
Tragé el baso al lavabajías y me comí una zanaória y un calabacin con letxe
Karl from habsburg: restores austria-hungary to get rid of hungarian dictatorship
The idea that all humans are equal no matter the race
Or sometimes they clear basements and the like
> Didn't the ~~Director~~ headmaster or principal [director = Regisseur] have anything to say against that
Source: Been here most of my life as an American
I don't see my culture as something Germanic/Baviarian but the product of centuries of intermingling and coexistence of Slavic and Germanic culture and several words in our dialect has Slovenic roots, although there are too many who think it is important to crowbar those things cultures from each other and I also feel sorry for the damage nationalism did to our slovenian brothers and sisters by shaming their language
If you have nothing better to do, you can watch it
I'll stay away from the obvious ones like Saudi Arabia and say it's the US.
In general the flow and melody of our German is quite different from what most Germans speak so it's easily recognizable when someone is speaking English.
And imagine doing a spa weekend while there is snow outside and you are looking out onto the mountains
Yup
It even has "the nuclear".
**IS THE EURO DESTROYING THE MEMORY OF DIANA
Oh please, Mongols celebrate Genghis Khan and he killed 40 million, Tatars don't give a damm about their slave trade that brought out 2 million slavs And i don't see Ottomans caring much about Balkans, or Arabs about Byzantine.
Passport, Birth certificate, certificate of citizenship etc
But afaik the ACTUAL paper clip, the one that is used today (the so called Gem paper clip), was not actually invented by a norwegian [link to wikipedia]
Yeah, happens every time I speak to someone from Vorarlberg or Bad Goisern.
Metzger is Fleischhauer
Probably because saying "dschie-mehl" is more awkward to fit into a normal German sentence than the standard "ii-mehl". Most people just shorten it to mail ("mehl") anyway, which can be turned into a verb as well ("mail mir etwas", mail me something)
many people also don't feel comfortable walking around with big amounts of cash if you go abroad for longer periods of time
Not particularly
If she wants to keep pissing people off in that area that's her fault.
*Austria changed their relationship status with Germany to it's complicated.*
Nowadays they'd rather say 'rüber' instead of 'ummi', 'rein' instead of 'eini', drüben instead of 'entn', 'rauf' instead of 'aui'.
FM4 is great for foreigners who want to discover austrian music because a lot of the DJs speak english
Starts much too early
* How the EEA (Switzerland and Norway) fit into the picture
Also this conversation was 2 days ago, I don‘t want to start this conversation about wether Austrians are German or not while many Germans call Mozart German while Hitler was 100% Austrian all over again
[Sung to the tune of Battle hymn of the Republic]
* 1156 A separate country (at least a duchy within the HRE)
I'd say that makes him more of a druid or shaman.
No, but it's not too common
Because we eat Schnitzelsemmeln on trips too
I try to update as often as possible, until the Ulm one it should be up to date.
:D it's so broad but also specific too.
And I don‘t think it‘s a thing in Austria, sure everything is christmas themed, but it usually isn‘t a traditional or national thing
Cash, credit cards, or app (which also accepts PayPal, **finally**)
Thank you for the in depth answer, it is appreciated :)
not lack of religiousness (see usa and turkey).
The power in the national council remains unchanged, leading to the most impotent gov in the 2nd republic
Only Thing people I know found by digging around are Nazi stuff (I know two people who found a SS dagger in their Field) and Unexploded ordnance
I can only guess as to why, but suspect it's because we culturally put the responsibility of reading a situation correctly/getting social cues/just generally knowing stuff more on the learner, and not as much on the teacher
You can pull off a sneaky Kosovo if you're lucky
As a non-viennese I never had KFC
I personally prefer the old animated feature films, they were fantastic
I mean, it's a great era, but it's also *the* wellknown Viennese era
„Oh so you‘re from Austria
Life Expectancy is diffrent from time spend retired.
" / "This goes past my ass
I'm a simple man, i use 3 colors: red, green and blue, which fucking color must something have that you can argue for it being green and blue
, but those area minority, a loud one though
No problem
After 1945 it was reimplemented, so technically it's only been in effect for 70-ish years without interruption.
I guess that the rural schools bring the average down dramatically
The basics are relatively stylish and fancy, but then there's that touch that just pushes it over the top towards the brink of trashy
printed by Piatnik too
France, the Basque country, Argentina, Russia, Hungary, the Balkans, the whole North Sea region, the whole Alpine region, among Ashkenazi Jews, among Romani, in the American Deep South etc
Thanks for your comment
Many even wanted to join Germany
Once you're gone from the Union its only a matter of time until you march on Paris again.
Nice
oooh yes these are hideous :( They recently renovated a few of them but it didn't help much :D
Nero was the old twitter handle of pedophile alt-right firebrand Milo Yinnopolis and the chap in the first pic is alt right darling James Damore
They're on that website you linked
If so I too am trilingual
And the Commission only introduces bills
I went out of Kakariko and along a long stone path, and at the end of it I saw a Lynel, a monster I'd never seen before (At that point it basically just looked like a miniature Ganon)
In either situation there isn't much we could realistically achieve anyways
Aguja
But I agree, I have thought about this a lot and it was my immediate first thought upon reading the title
There's still not enough children to meet the demand.
Your way of life and the life of the people around you.
I grew up in the countryside ([Burgenland] and everyone there speaks dialect most of the time.
The (dative) article is actually really unnecessary here, so is the preposition, because obviously we are going TO the supermarket, where else would we go; definitely not under it
I still wanted to point it out though
Yes of course
That’s actually a very nice and transparent move
But this one is a cheap one (10€ I think) made for kids to get them into collecting coins.
Wait, do you have more than one book then
I get about 150 mails a day, and 90% of them are sent over business servers with the company's domain name as adress
He's going right to keep his party electable.
I mean, they lost more men than the city even had defenders...
I'd recommend "Kontroll", it's a wonderful Hungarian horror movie.
They‘re shortcuts for ae, oe and ue
There's no escape
The garage didn't even have a door
an occasional bit of wine/champagne is hardly going to cause problems..
So interesting that that was then only a few years from the legalisation of abortions in the UK
guns are dangerous and are used for nothing else but killing and harming people.
See Waldheim affair as an example
[Alfred Redl] I guess
I must be out of the loop, what is he doing now?
Each student was given one, and most use it for everything except for some of the bulkier stuff like arts and crafts materials etc
Classic among 14-year olds after PE class
_Abstart_
Also I'm fairly sure marches are usually fortified, which isn't quite accurate anymore either
Hascheeknödel are dumplings filled with ground sausage, Grammeln (so dumplings filled with is) are some sort of roasted pork belly fat (I cant't exactly describe it) that is a little bit crunchy and very tasty
Heck, I work in a gambling company and its a fucking huuuge pain in the ass for us already (and in a bunch of countries you don't even get licenses because they got a state monopoly - like in Germany or Austria)
I wanna leave Austria after my uni as well
Austria for the win
Unless everyone does it, you'd look whack as hell at a funeral
They're polite, but they don't want to get closer with her.
Jänner(in Austria) Januar(in Germany)
Better do sanctions on whoever was behind these wars.
[There are three "Danubes" in Vienna and one Danube Canal.]
And when
Same goes for the city of Linz in Upper Austria
I think what's more impressive is that currently 48 districts went to Hofer in comparison to first round, but 2037 districts went to van der Bellen that were Hofer before.
Heast oida des is ur unfreindlich.
The [old ones] are glued into the socket and you have to twist the plug 90° to be able to plug it into the socket
And if you look very closely, in each of those 5 valleys you can see the South African Corona mutation waiting for you
top lads as far as I'm concerned
We had a huge head start with hydro and don't produce enough of wind and PV energy
I read that as "morning wood" and was ready to compliment your liberal attitude
Except for the TV
I always forget that German is very common among the older generation there, I feel so weird when going on holidays to Croatia and, after me asking nicely in English, they answer in absolutely flawless German
They should've done that with people not from their own family.
> Would you mind to give an example
Same logic goes for the russian way to do something
Schwoaf is Dialect for Schweif which means Tail
but where do you get the elephants nowadays?
We have an old church around here that dates to the 960ties, the space around it has been the meeting place for young people for decades
they are doing the best they can with a defunct immigration system.
Personally I can only assume they have a contract signed in blood lying around somewhere
Something about Kangaroos or our Nice opera house mostly
Sure, there's Tyrol and Carinthia with their alps (and probably some others too but I am from that region) and other cities, but let's be real, Vienna takes the win
maybe people don't like seeing their countriemen get blown to bits or decapitated
&#x200B;
Then it is believed that there might have been a Slavic version of this name for a while, because Slavs settled in most of modern Austria in the early Middle Ages, before German speaking Bavarian settlers arrived a few hundred years later
I'm still very much a leftie, I have just abandoned my idealistic hopes and dreams for a more realistic idea of a country with a very strong social net and regulated capitalism
It doesn't even have anything to do with nationalism.
Heck, on the biggest radio station in the country there is a horoscope every day
Congrats and good luck
They would sell their granny for profit
"Yes, it's the best city for the rich expats they interviewed
Generally the conservatives in Austria didnt get enough shit postwar for basically serving the nation on a platter for the Germans with them normalizing authoritarianism, political violence and dictatorship in 1934
In German it was always "Tschechien".
85 Million)
It’s almost illegal so to say
Learn your own effin' language, dammit
Who would do that
I often see hares, frogs and grass snakes which unfortunately seem to love my garage
For example I have Christmas & New Year the whole day off; in my previous job with an different collective agreement it was only half the day
If you have one contract only, you might need to ask to get paid 50% in EUR and 50% in GBP or something like that, if possible.
So there isn’t any Anti-Austrian sentiment
Now I'm wondering, if I buy that stock through an online broker, what exchange rate will be used to determine how much I pay?
Austria in a nutshell, really
well my mother is from chile, and when i was younger our school sent us out for red nose day(which is collecting money for sick childrens clown, cuz that helps) and i went to  nun to collect a bit of money and she already looked latin to me and i asked her for money for sick children and she responded in more or less spanish that she doesnt speak german, so i asked her in spanish where she was from and she said "De Chile po
I understand two words out of those and not one of them translates to "darn".
- thinking we're German
I think that is a general Audio-guide thing
I can see how it looks misleading though.
Am I glad, that I next week holiday have
Garbage collection is pretty well paid and working in that field lets you retire 5 years earlier
No, this will no change back during your lifetime
Turkey might be fucked now, but in 10-20 years things might have changed for the better.
Even cash and gold is regulated.
Switzerland: I love their language
The only people that I met while traveling ...
We got you covered with the other one
I don't know if this counts as stupid or horrible, but here it goes:
It reminds me of my childhood
and had thought they stopped being a think by the 70ties.
Enough is enough
>And just because you went 'eh, it's somewhat the same shape and comes from the ground' doesn't mean Erdäpfel is a good word for Kartoffel
The Soviet Union and Stalin for instigating the talks and using his political capital so that we were able to become a neutral republic and not occupied or split like Germany
When I first read it in English I was surprised about the emotional depth of e.g. Gandalfs speech, which appeared way colder and more "biblical" in the original German translation
The machines are already there, probably more expensive to get rid of them than keep them ¯\\\_(ツ)\_/¯
To be exact it was 3
The elders don’t complain but instead will interact with the kids in a fun way and enjoy their time with them
Vienna has everything but the iconic Kebap (Döner Kebap but we leave out the "Döner" part) is probably most popular too.
Maybe I‘m just used to them
That's what I'm doing currently, but I still haven't figured out how to not receive the spam newsletter
We don‘t learn much about WWI either, my education about WWI was literally this and I quote: „About 20 Million people died, now let‘s move onto WWII“
No u
But I wasn't really speaking about this documunt now, was I?
Overall, Austria can be translated as *The Mythical Dwarf Of The East
Salt minery has been big in western Austria for thousands of years too, creating massive wealth during the bronze and/or iron age
Would not be different in any other country, including the US
Sure, if Russia does it it's all fun and games...
And I do expect guests to take off their shoes too
Austro-Hungary wasn't that bad for the "member"-states as some would imagine.
If you stay on the pistes, follow the signs and instructions of the people working the lifts: yes
I want to know them all from all countries
Having said this, never heard a German native talk Austrian German without an accent either
Although the spelling of Volapük is not correct on the map, ‘volapyk’ is definitely wrong in English
I live in Austria now and feel much more at home here
When approaching people and you don't know the language and you still want to greet in the local language, say a full sentence like 'Guten Tag, I would like to buy some tickets'. And if you are learning German and you want people to talk German to you, then say a whole sentence so we can hear on which level of German you are and react accordingly
Vienna isn’t a bad city either tho
If its snowy I will take different shoes, if its raining I take a rain jacket
Could it be more efficient
At 5 the last polling stations in Vienna and Innsbruck closed, but polling stations in small villages had already started closing at 12.
I was about the send out my ballot for October 4th when they postponed it
My least favorite is portuguese
At least we're on our way to curb one of them...
You've probably either been to the Zillertal, Ötztal or Paznaun
I know alot of Austrians who do that
That went to the point of parliamentarians assassinating each other over this nationalist mentality
If he should have a similar mental breakdown as in the last debate, he would fall into isolation and ridiculousness, taking Austria as a hostage with him
A few years later an engineer picked up the idea and wrote them about an earthquake:
De Kommentarsektion is hiatz a stückl da Republik Österreich
The FPÖ is more Post-May Tories than British Nationalist Party
That's different, banks are rich.
Good thing we also had a Mexican dude with very good English and German skills, he explained it to them
Mh, after over 30 years something new would be fun
Figl and Renner drinking Molotov under the table might have happened, like in their free time or whatever, but it hadn't to do anything with the state treaty and the end of the occupation
A trockenes Fleischlaberlsemmerl
At least thats what a waitress told us when we asked where to go out at night.
>I like German highways
Almdudler already made it that far north
Can't just ignore everyone
Coming from the same people that still think Corsica and French Savoy belong to Italy
I'm from a rather rural area and I can tell you that many young people smoke weed occasionally
Or are you still in WiFi range from mainland Europe
That goes for all countries
And I have to adapt to the German vocabulary when I‘m in Germany too, because they barely know certain words or have never heard of them
Idk either, maybe I am just more polite in german
That why enjoyed Nice so much
If the coin stopped spinning or fell off the table, the last person that had to spin it had to put his knuckles on the table and got the coin flicked at his knuckle by each person in the group
They are good, but definitely not a must have
Given the fact that we're probably about to get our second far-right government after the first one broke down due to corruption
Schwyzerdütsch is just a gem
Even though the Swiss german is quite hard to understand we can it if we really try
the second fucked up thing for Austria was WW1
It's not only about work tho, is it?
BUT, I think our health system still is working very well besides these issues
In Austria the only prerequisite to getting a shotgun is that you are 18.
Felt horrible afterwards but it was fun :)
Omg now that‘s cute
Thanks for that
Thanks a lot :)
Agreed, not so bad here
Also snow in cities becomes dirty and ugly really fast
You might like it even less, or will have to move again in a couple of years.
Could have gone better, it just didn't.
Otherwise no one understands me
still I hardly ever go, guess what you can easily have is never that special, haha
Talking about the Nazi regime is not taboo at all
haha
That always depends on where you study, what projects you're part of and if companies work with you on these projects.
Tell the Wikipedia people
And American English is a group of dialects within the English language
What many envisage is a public institution tied to EU law where actual research is conducted (instead of being focused on teaching), at a much larger scale, a competitive budget, all branches of science represented, in the same spirit as Erasmus
Travel by a rubber boat to Alaska
There are different languages which are 99% intellegible and dialects of a language where you only understand 30-50%.
" will live on
[Götz von Berlichingen - Wikipedia]
Bless you my hungarian Friends
The only reason Russia is against US is because they want to be at the position that US is now.
meh, its kind of boring and needs tons of cream as lube
Sometimes I use the English one as a dictionary for technical/professional terminology
For example, in german the movie "Die Hard" is called "Stirb Langsam" which translates to "Die Slowly"
Doesn't make any sense to me
I don't remember which card and how it's special effect was exactly but it was something like "if this is the only bug type card its Attack becomes 1000". We read it as "its Attack increases by 1000". The base attack of the card was 2000 so by our rules the monster's attack was 3000 if it was the only bug type card on the field
25CZK for 1USD, which is caused by the interventions -> after they stop, the rate will go down to about 18-ish and god knows where else from that point onward.
Spanish, Italian, English, German, Polish, French and danish
translation to the English term of prime minister is always only an approximation, actual responsibilities might differ depending on country
* Habsburg family
In Austria, one can half his jailtime if he then leaves the country and never returns again
Yes, am Viennese
Result was that many don't like him at all, but the alternatives were communists and far right wingers, so most voted for him
Austria took most refugees per capita IIRC.
All in all you could do with a bit more culture in your life
Pretty much all channels in the US bleep certain words, except the pay TV channels.
Rural Western Austria
They simply dont show it in public but among themselves it seems they have the fashion war going.
I’m from Austria, we also think putting ketchup on pasta is disgusting atleast I do
Not jesus christ, just baby jesus who brings the presents
Here's some slightly younger and vital people smiling
Ster for a m³ of stacked wood
Complete sociopath but a highly talented one
Vienna: everything (politics, commerce, culture, research)
Wages were way better and the peasants had more land available
Usually found with people who don't have too much else to be proud of
This land is my land is my favorite actually singable US alternative anthem xD
got the fish from our neighbor though, didn't have to buy it
I'll give you his adress, but i'll pm it to you, i'm a cautious person
and the world celebrated as when the nazis were defeated.
In the last years Krapfen with wrong fillings like vanilla sauce, strawberry jam and chocolate sauce started to appear
>it's shitty for the environment
have their own heraldic emblems
1 pc	Egg yol
Honestly cannot remember where I had it
&#x200B;
Would just be fascinating
I don't think Spickzettel is that widely used as a word, Schummelzettel is definitely a lot more common
Happy to share with any of the former crown lands :)
From my experience I can say I work in a hospital in administration and so far nobody has said anything about my septum piercing
Why would yodeling offend anyone
And some federal states have more main dialects (eg Styria has normal Styrian, Altsteirisch (Old-sytrian) and Stursteirisch (a very weird form of styrian that‘s well known but not widely understood))
fuck that person
Don't worry they are also producing [more traditional looking rifles] and [pistols]
Björn Höcke must be hated by more peole than til schweiger is
Who else does
You just have to get over the fact that it is brain
It depends how Germany implements the directive on their national level
- A "Russenluster" or Russian chandelier is a lamp without lampshade and without properly hiding the cable work
Except that there are many options to order from in the internal market if you are a Bulgarian or Romanian retailer.
I'd say it's seen as a significant event of WWII because it brought the US into the war.
would attend if my time allows it.
-> *Vindobona* was the name of the Roman castrum in very center of today's Vienna (right in the oldest part of the old town), but it has no known etymological links to *Wien* (or at least it's disputed)
Heb gibts im Osten Österreichs nicht?
And then there is Austria with their red representing the heathens they slaughtered in the name of god
You mean Bosna
Adding: OP, if you're interested, check out this recent thread from /r/Austria :
Dual citizenship is only allowed in some exceptions
The greeting is usually an informal/intimate "Griaß di"/"Griaß eich", as opposed to the more formal/distant greetings "Grüß Gott", "Guten Tag" or "Griaß Ihna" which you would normally use down below when talking to a stranger
And I would only call the FPÖ far right
Hitler
During the times where Habsburg reigned, Prague was actually the most important city, followed by Vienna
That we are all descendants from the Trapp family.
In the end tho, that's not really Americas problem, is it?
Wow
not saying that there's nothing to complain about, and not saying that the French wouldn't also protest on their own
Yop, all those poor, filthy, criminal, rapy Switzerland tourists are really ruining our country.
I did not know that
I'd like to add, that the problem with the set of laws coming from the interior minister ist not only about this topic.
Dutch and Luxembourgian would be two of them
Ironic
Of course yes, forgot to say that :)
But that is especially why the EU has so much potential, because it is something greater that the single governments - take the European Parliament for example, time and time again it has shown that it's [voting with the best interest of the European people at heart] (unlike the commission, which is representing the EU's governments)
It's called Liechtenstein btw ;-)
How common are diamond wedding rings at your place?
Europe is as easily taken over by populism as any other nation.
They claimed it was to fight islamic terrorism, but there hasn't been a single terrorist attack in Europe performed with a magazine or gun that would have been effected by that law
Fue muy impresionado de todo el pueblo
After the Ground floor you have the 1st floor - or "Erster Stock" etc
There will be the odd one out once in a while, but it's rare
You are fresh of the Uni, you know shit
A lot of eastern european franchises are polish-owned
It's really simplified as often every valley and village has its own dialect
Vll ein bissl was von beidem
so it isn't really a problem, there are subreddits for speficic languages or countries, like r/Austria
Seegrotte Hinterbrühl
Da weiß man *wie* man drüber sprechen kann
Some years ago they decided that in order for the law applying to you you have to pay a fee (this is the most fucked up legal thing ever, you shouldn't need to pay a fee for a law to work)
Hallstatt
Narrowly avoiding Hofer isn't exactly the greatest achievement.
Und im Süden Österreichs null
Thank you Lowlander
There's one American automaker who's quite prevalent on European streets: Tesla
Stimmt
In Austria, discount supermarkets are not as popular - maybe 10 or 15%.
Those are usually not just adopted by some random people.
I pay 16€ for 25GB with 15GB of those usable in EU and Switzerland
Yeah
From the Gopniks eating Semechki to crazy Lada drivers ...
Ah yes, the mighty Alps in Finland
>We usually just say "fuck it
**yes**
See you at eurovision
*Looks at flair* Sounds about right
I was way too scared to do anything, ask for my money back or even call the police
In English Scandinavia and Nordic are often used synonymous
Says he wants to be a president of all Austrians
Can only hope something will happen to deal with this problem
A ketchup am lewakas bringt doch erst den flavor ausse
Depends on the Viennese you speak
Well, let them special snowflakes be special
Our flag, red-white-red, is said to be from the 11th century
Therefore, because the germans named their country after the ethnicity, they claimed it for themselves and excluded evryone else.
I don't give a flying fuck if polar bears as a species live or die because they're cute or majestic, and the vast majority of people doesn't either
Well, there are *Buschenschänke* or *Heurige* and they fit the description quite well actually
Only the constitution court could be called nearly anytime you think a law is not in accordance with the constitution
We call the Germans *Piefke*
In all seriousness: drive carefully (i.e. always being able to brake to a standstill within your field of vision/ half your field of vision on a narrow road), and keep an eye on the road for dead animals or rocks
Right now, I use english more than german
Frankfurters are made from finely ground sausage meat :)
Pretty impressive
However, the Turkish government refused to withdraw troops
They are small minority tho, what is staggering is that there would be any nazi supporters in Serbia, which had it lost WW2 would be in deep trouble, because as you see their territory was partitioned/taken by everyone around during the war with only small part still being Serbia.
) the same
I was talking more about the principle that the debtors don't touch Greek money at all.
The most famous mentioning would be in Homers Odyssee
I'm not Danish but there's an Indie Rock band called 'Death Machine'. I discovered them when they played in a pub in my Hometown and they are amazing
I know that argument requires a little bias, but still
They can cause life threatening fevers and complications
Slight correction, she can have a trade agreement with the EU, as a third party
Danish, Norwegian and Swedish are also understandable to some extend
In reality the employees are able to look up incredibly personal and private information about any citizen.
The artists twitter is @Lullindo
In the Kannada-language version (language from India) she teaches Hindi
Nokia does a lot more things than just mobile, the majority of the company is fine
So robot=slave
Well, they voted for his party - chancellors in Austria are appointed, not voted upon
Also, summer holidays seemed to contain a whole lifetime
brexit
fuck
Poor Vorarlberg becomes an exclave.
Kit Kat club
I think your views are a little bit to optimistic, people only slowly accepting small differences in culture which could also appear when you move from a domestic city to a more rural area.
All police are armed with handguns in Austria so it's very common to see them
I do always put them in the fridge when I get home though
Sadly its raining at my place :(
It's a German brand, but the formula they use in Austria is very different (fruiter and sweeter), and 100x better than German Frucade
I'd probably prefer Switzerland as a country in general but I could imagine myself living in Hamburg or Leipzig
It‘s confirmed: Squirrel is hard to pronounce in any language lmao
exceptions might be made for busy train stations or areas frequented by lots of homeless folks or junkies
This is about EU - EU flights when UK isn't in the EU anymore
We didn't expect any of it and were startled for a second
The language difference was made more noticable (not the dialects, they already were)
And even during our elections, I start to get exhausted by them by the end of it
What matters is the Chancellor which the FPO party needs to win in 2018 which they're leading by almost 10 points
It's commonplace where I'm from (OÖ)
Well I have been two times to Barcelona and they had demonstrations like every second day (ok, maybe every week, but it was awesome)
At least I’ve barely ever heard of family gatherings (I thought it was an american thing
Secession
Take a day trip to another country
Trying my best, formatting on mobile is an absolute pain in the ass /:
It's just called Apfelsaft g'spritzt
That's rich coming from someone who gave up his regional identity to speak an artificially created language.
And Halloween isn't really that "amazing" or "special" when you don't have nostalgic childhood memories of it
They are In my option a must when visiting Austria
They don't get that much salary as we do (No, I don't mass shop in Hungary because it's cheaper there for us)
It's disgusting
They are all young guys (<26) who took up blue collar jobs
[The former] variation is only practiced in Osttirol afaik
) there's a street vendor from Senegal who speaks very broken and bad Spanish, but is incredibly fluent in Basque
I mean, I get what you mean, but standard german is what people most commonly write in for a reason
How very crown-loyal of you both
That's a huge democratic deficit
Colloquially, the genitive is dying.
I could own a car in Vienna - but what for ? It would cost me around 300-400€ a month to own a decent one and I would use it only to go to work - being a public commute down from 45 minutes down to 35 minutes
The Dark Valley
* The Conservatives like to use xenophobia
From what I remembers, the etiquette isn't much different.
Riding a bike in a straight line is really not hard
Ich existiere eh nicht
This is horrible
It's a bit annoying because you have to get ready for the wedding afterwards, but at least everyone is in a relaxed mood and doesn't take everything seriously
Fuigas
Also some Slavic friends of mine, arguing that Germans are oppressive and expansive by nature and very rude, unfriendly and humor-less (I fall out of the scheme according to them) although my experience with Germans is very different and I also know that history is far more complex
Voulez-vous coucher avec moi ce soir
I myself have a pretty old-style handwriting, like my grandfather has
Hofer is a member of 'Marko-Germania', a brotherhood/fraternity ( there doesn't seem to be a good translation ) whos members dream of a 'united, germanic fatherland' and consider the idea of Austria as its own, independed nation 'a revisionist fiction implanted into people's minds since 1945'.
Us media was ultra partisan with very little attempts to hide it.
I bet you love cycling uphill on cobbles, too, you sick fuck
Stimmt
idk how to call them made out of twigs (Usually Palmbuschen I think
In eastern Austrian dialects there's often a bunch of ui's everywhere, just like in Mui instead of Müll (trash).
Me too
I have friends who live in Boston and New York and their places are tiny compared to what I have in Vienna and I would pay about 1/4th of what they pay if I would rent
It was just something freedom-loving, rebellious European me had to get used to.
The thing is, the idiot traffic planners today make things worse because instead of working to prevent conflicts, they actively encourage them with their measures
Monthly expenses were for the train, food, and chipping in at home with costs for the household, I earned ~1300€+200€ bonus and paid about 500€, so I could save ~1000€ per month
scaremongery enough for polish news.
Germans act very German
Other countries "use" metric but are stuck somewhere in conversion limbo
also it's common in eastern austria, and has a strong dialectal/slightly historical connotation there
I'm from Northern Austria and Slovenia is very popular here.
* making a sort of list of radical imams (I think, could have understood that wrong)
Out of all things I found out about my country because of this subreddit, I think this one surprised me the most
In German there are totally different words for these two
architecture no, skiing last time 15 years ago, haven't seen any snow this winter at all
The Holocaust is becoming one of those stories from the past that has no more living eyewitnesses
Other than that I've never had a bad experience and neither did my friends as far as I know
I should buy shares of US "defence" corporations
Just a warning if its not too late.
Vienna, in my current district, a 50sqm apartment seems to be the best you could get
Which exists all over the world
by god why doesn't she just get a wheelbarrow bike
It sounds mild compared to your descriptions of the school spirit...
5 years
Cancer flesh
They will most likely try to pressure others by raising oil prices in the region or making its export harder
They'll understand what you're talking about, they'll more likely understand why you're doing certain things, they understand you humour and so on.
67 to 2
The problem is that the management apparently had no oversight in place that would catch those idiots.
Nobody knew the UK would drag it's feet the way they did.
It re-established Austria as a sovereign nation and concluded 10 years of allied occupation
Thank you Belgien
So I guess that's a big difference.
Well, I don't really mind the barriers
This is most likely true for any other European language than English
"Leiterspiel" is the local snakes and Ladders, popular with kids
As for Austria:
It is quite frankly ridiculous of a company to cave in like that
There was also the [Opec Siege] in Vienna in 1975.
Austrian here: The *new" ss-ß rule
No because Iceland was my favorite country for a long time
Look at them - most look perfectly fine
I didn't mention those things at all.
> with exceptions made for immun-compromised people and other similar cases where vaccinations are too dangerous
the Great War ended, and with its end the small wars started
On the club level there were a few hickups in the past years but I would be a real surprise if Austria would be able to pull it off
Always these rebellious teenagers with their bad music
Of course it is suprising but we will accept your surrender and start to integrate you into our Austrian empire
this could also be austria
El queso es viejo y potrido
The hefty ransom was used to build a coin mint and finance the first big extension of Vienna as capital
If you count soccer tournaments
NSFS (not safe for stomach)
You are delusional if you think that radical Muslims don't have a way to get what ISIS and other extremists are broadcasting.
And no - you still didn’t say what you expect from Brexit - you are just hiding behind pretending that the EU is the big bad wolf who wants to dismantle the UK
would be “fart-rattle-village”, I guess
In theory, everything
Oh, I thought it was at least a larger park, like [Minimundus]
"Well, it did not work
It just baffles me
And even though standard german was created out of High german and austrians dialects are all high german, there's still huge differences to the point of germans not understanding us.
yes, we sometimes played with the well aswell, until we realized that 4 figures can't give a fair game and dropped it again.
I will have gone
/r/de_IAMA automatically subscribes everyone from a german speaking country to it though, so no, you can't realisticly take those numbers.
Cool, how do you like it here
Credit card charges are good
I'm gonna warm up something from 10 years ago: [KROCH MA EINE
Its our standard German and grammatically correct
Kapuzinerkirche (Church)
Early 20 I would say, but at rural areas old houses tended to build in mind with multiple generation living in it, so people safe rent and stay there
UI design, accessibility, usability...have quite changed since the "good old days".
We do eat it here but mostly in form of Leberkas
Ultimately, a single Joint European Army would be wise.
And since a lot of those people came so their children would have a better life, it would be stupid for them to not oppose movements that threaten that.
Hope you're never getting sick
you're thinking of turkey, which isn't exactly middle east.
Because people can always just choose right
He was in some of the worse battles on the eastern front and he fought in Stalingrad
You have to go with your gut here, the size of the roll depends on the size of your apricots
The reasons for this are different for each of the south European nations
This is highly different
There's also a pronounced multicultural and especially slavic influence in Vienna due to history
Thing is, he even speaks some half-decent Italian, so he isn't too touristy of a tourist
They vote on lots of things on that day like judges (!) sheriffs etc.
But that sentiment seems to change in the last 20 years or so, but there is still a way to go
Same here
I just specified in my original comment that it only was part of germany for 6 years
Would the refugees actually go to Spain tho?
There is always a bit of grey zone with peacekeeping and other UN sanctioned security missions (such as ISAF)
More likely world war two was necessary.
I know i spelled it wrong, i was making a joke about Westeros of Game of thrones, as /u/mrlemonofbanana did before :) I could've just copy-pasted what you wrote.
And whenever they win something in skiing, my mum counts them as "well, they are sort of Austrians"
I don't know if it's obscure or anything, but I think Hascheeknödel and Grammelknödel should be known more widely
and you suddenly increase throttle the car shifts down, to be able to quickly deliver the higher power needed
Eat your shit by yourself
Burgenland Croatian, it's the language of the Croatian people a Hungarian magnat invited to settle on the land the Ottomans devastated during the siege of Vienna
And here I thought Albania was established in honour of Dr
English gift and German Gift *are* cognates
There are already much better surfaces to place a solar panel: on a roof.
Historically countries made alliances to improve their defense or otherwise advance important security interests.
Also, I think it depends on what kind of Styrian you were encountered with and what region you went to (according to my german friends normal styrian is easier to understand than old-styrian or, god forbid, *stursteirisch* - which even many Styrians can‘t understand themselves :‘D)
No no it wasn't that
Another thing is that the CIA helped form and financed the far right party now called FPÖ. At the time mostly made up of fairly high ranking NSDAP and wehrmacht officials and soldiers
- the transistor
(and I'm not sure if it's available in English)
I bet you also call Tomaten (tomatoes) "Paradeiser" :O
I don't know about other countries though.
I just had a horrible mental image of the movie soundtrack being an endless remix of the Nokia tune
Austrian solutions to Austrian problems :>
> Because these two have the furthest from being connected
On another topic, you king seems to be one of the many people who call themselves "King of Jerusalem". The last Austrian emperor was another one
I know
Also in the same vein
Austria has had a long history and many changes
Well the Serbs living in Kosovo certainly do wish they were part of Serbia, the problem stems more from the Albanian immigration into Kosovo during the second half of the 20th century.
- I am still here (and changed my mind about leaving)
Thank you for the chocolate, the cheese, and for making our dialects look like a piece of cake
Social insurances (GKK, SVA etc
> public exams, university exams,
This is shameful, and only with good data we can create pressure
Unless you are extremely slow to react
Sure, it's from Star Trek
Interesting, thanks for that
But let's try it again
I mean this is also the basis of communal participation - starting from doctors / school visits to elections
I'm 26 and I got my whole apartment and car stuff covered easily, but on top of that I'm saving next to nothing
I'm from Austria and a family friend told me about how he once was on vacation somewhere in the middle of Germany and he just wanted to buy a Sömmi (that's how we pronounce Semmel) for breakfast and had to discuss for 15 minutes with the store worker until he figured out that a Brötchen isn't a smaller version of Brot (bread) but, in fact, a Sömmi
If it's strangers, I think the only correct way to say Goodbye would be "Auf Wiedersehen" (Especially if you're not comfortable using the more local/colloquial "Auf Wiederschaun")
Compared to others neighbours petrol and diesel is quite "cheap"
Land: roughly 500m2 of land to build on
I think only the Bundesländer at the border can identify that much with Bavaria
I would say that we're part of the DACH region
If you're coming from Turkey most people won't look at you as an Expat but most likely think you're an immigrant worker
my country comes in last in FTTH (fiber to the house)
Maybe some similarities or changed meaning there...?
has zero importance in Upper Austria imo, so if what he/she says about lower austria is true, then that would be kind of a culture shock to me
Maybe some small, expensive, private ones.
Do you need help finding those videos or are you happy to just believe it's all not true
I wonder if her opponents would be willing to share with us where on the man baby doll they were hurt by her
If he voted to remain thats fine by me, but wales can be blamed for brexxit (not entirely of course, but they bear part of it), as they, as a whole, voted to leave
Three years in prison is just the maximum.
Ah, nice to know
Most of the crown lands weren't too happy with the representation and being ruled by a country whose language they didn't even speak but in comparison with how the Belgians ruled in the Congo or things like that, we weren't that bad
Imagine being a fucking high school kid named Wolfram
Never heard of it
well, he couldn't let churchill constantly outdo him in the one-liners.
Andritz is big in powerplant business, from turbines and generators
We Austrians are culturally much closer to our non Germanic neighbors than to Scandinavians or the Dutch for example.
What is life like in french polynesia
Yeah, cooked in red wine and vinegar
A minor correction here: We mostly distance us from the northern part which stems back to the historic rivalry between Prussia and Austria
Do we have a foreign intelligence service other than HNA?
In an earlier debate, he claimed to have gotten into a terror attack while visiting the temple mountain in Jerusalem during an official visit in the parliament of Israel
Why in the way
Riding a bike in a straight line is really not hard
I missread it
Greece being labeled Deutsche Bank Holding is top tier comedy
The 9th May is Europe day
The "hate" thing isn't that much better in Vienna, even though I'm not sure that I'd call it hate
The "talented" thing is a balant lie.
But in reality they thought maybe austria will a get a good status in the 3rd reich, as austrians are the better germans
That's cool to hear
Most between Turkey and Germany are, especially entering the Schengen area in Hungary.
It is really good for public transport, walking and bikes and uses basemap
So you speaking about about a stupid stereotype
The [new version] is prebuilt into the socket
I like strolling through the new section and there is a big amount of articles stating this there but never upvoted very often
- Doing [certain taboo gesture] or expressing favourable views towards [historical totalitarian or autocratic regime, which is viewed very negatively nowadays]
Apart from that it is also associated with some of the few acts of Austrian resistance against the Nazi regime
24k beds for 80 million citizens doesn't add up to 47
(very) rough translation:
Going further south to Klagenfurt, 135km more, is at least 2:54h more
I don't even know why
Free market and free capitalism like in the US is not the way to go, since this allows for monopolies that can control the market
The last one means/is supposed to mean "Beware of the white horse", because the German word "Schimmel" means both the fungus called mould, but it can also be used to describe a white horse
We speak a dialect many Germans don’t understand, even Bavarians
If you fall behind on school or get fucked up before work, that's definitely abuse and should be changed
Let us beat the US together
I didn't like the guy with tits either.
But whenever I mention anything interesting/nice I learned about Romania, I always get a string of "yeah but this and this and that and look what they did and wow what a shithole run down country that is" from my parents
Interesting optical illusion when you compare the percieved size of the star circle on the Austrian and Latvian flag.
Agree
it stopped because we got rid of the chancellor who said those things.
there is still some Franz left in us
The guys with basement kids
We passed that fork a few months ago.
There have been cases of a trespasser beeing shot that were found to be within the law and others of a broken nose to be beyond the right of self defense
Das waren nur wir
The sad part is that both of those are eclipsed by their newest prominent party member, if only due to her low intellect and extreme narcissism.
Interesting sidenote: I went to Bolivia, everyone there chews coca leaves, but poppy is illegal (even for cooking) and many people don't even know what it is
He never heard of them again
These antennas were in use until 2008 or so
Granted, we don't have that many family meals - but that's mainly because husband and I both work from home, so we're together a lot anyway
Wait what makes it scary
Does it normally happen at gunpoint, or with a knife
However they come with a bunch of other people we neither need nor should be able to accept
&#x200B;
I have one, since I did not own a drivers license for a long while and a passport is jusy too chunky to have with you every day :)
You know that it's not a weakness to feel something, right?
2) expectations towards Austria seem to be really low, if no-one here is disappointed in us :D fits us perfectly
I found the link in the article you posted in [your comment] haha :D
Because that  thing ripped the Ukraine apart
Hey there fellow Austrian, may I remind you that SERBIA STARTED THAT ONE
Europe is big enough that you will always find an exception.
There are some regions where more people use an extra in line filter
Never
If you have only seen Vienna as a tourist I would say that you haven't seen the real face of Austria.
And just like that is illegal now, abusing your workers should be illegal as wiell
So it is the logical conclusion that people vote for or against certain faces
In fact, your "wealth" increases the moment the share increases in value
The EU wants to stop us though and they started to tax us even on tiny homemade amounts
Have thought about invading France and shipping the French to the Falklands as cheap (free) labour on the rock farm's there
It look awesome and frightening at the same time
Apparently we couldn't pun on "High Noon" either and just called it "Shang-High-Noon"
Dont complain to locals about it or tell them how its better in the USA, if you need to complain rhen text your friends or family about it, they will share your discomfort
And I didn´t realize back then that this is NOT something that is normal
And let's not even think about parking meters, they are not even standardized within each country
Mentioning these worrisome developments is definitely *not* anti-Bosnian propaganda...
The Schutzbund was fighting them too until they got disarmed, disbanded and forbidden by Dollfuss
"Rape" is a controversial translation "Abduction" would be more truthfull to the original intent of the Story
(Relatively) rich, small but not tiny country in the center of a continent, touristy, relatively strong focus on organic stuff and renewables
He lives in the outskirts of a midsized village 30 minutes from Donostia, deep in the forest, on a mountain, deep in a national park
etc
But it still has an extremly high standard of quality and generally you will get a good treatment when you are sick
&#x200B;
* issuing authority
Overall not bad, but if they fuck something up they back each other up that legaly nothing can happen.
In austria basically every job is unionized, why isnt in the US
Nazi connotations aside, Germanic sounds more historical than anything, we don't have Germanic traditions it religions in most cases, nearly the only Germanic thing left is the German language.
This isn't "dictatorship style". What happens here is requesting that citizens take their responsibility for society (people benefit, not the government or the leader) seriously to get benefits paid for by society
Gutes Bier, übrigens
It’s basically on the same level as Any other non EU country with no special treatment to be expected
That Austria-Hungary was doomed to fail
I even brought it with me on occasions, but sadly never more than the one bottle I fill at the airport after the security check
But back then it did cause quite the controversy, I think it was in the media for almost a year
Wow, I realized I'm totally new to the concept of mugging
Fun fact: We had several head of states born in places which were part of Austria-Hungary the time they were born but weren't part of the Republic when they became head of the state (e.g. Karl Renner)
Well, English dialects evolved in pretty different directions
You're right, I wouldn't be surprised if that happened here as well
Or they could just reply: "Did you just assume my gender?"
It's not like they tried hard to implement the steps of Minsk II
Nice work
would one single number actually be easier
Edit: if one of them is neutral, how is it depicted most commonly ?
Essentially dangerous and crazy shit like that.
You'll do fine with just English in those cities.
4 million could easily become $115 million
If I was American, I'd worry much more about domestic issues he will be able to pass with a republican congress.
6 yrs
Having the schnitzel lying in a sauce does destroy that puff and crispness
birthday
We don't really have an elective system.
My great grandmother  told my mother that there were  Moroccon soldiers in their village
But I guess mainly it´s about being used to it
The only Dutch song I know is "Zeven dagen lang" and I love it
Was there just last summer and a pack of 20 is like 6€ that's actually cheap compared to many other countries
Austria also still has a strong industrial sector that needs lots of qualified but not necessarily institutionally educated workers.
Civil unions have become very close to marrige, there are full adoption rights, yet the ÖVP still hasn't signed full marrige equality in.
Even though austria is regarded as the firs victim of nazi aggression, the majority of austria probably supported them and wanted the anschluss
Ah okay
Cooking and baking some nice treat when friends of family are over is widespread, basic cooking skills are taught in school, girls and boys equally
A mouthwatering calorie bomb
But that was due to some polution from a damage
It gives him a lot more legitimacy than a chancellor who is always only indirectly voted for and often only has 1/4 of the voters behind him.
The time that Austria was last understood as "eastern realm" were a few hundred years before that
It probably didn't effectthe election in any meaningful way
never for other elements though, for some like H it would get confusing (Wasser), for others like O (Sauer-) it's just not customary
Dude what, Austrian bread is dark too, dark bread is pretty standard here.
There are also personalities like **Friedrich Hundertwasser** many people have heard of but by far not everyone
" fehlt da noch
Maybe from a modern point of view but during and after the occupation he was surely not seen in a positive light
Well, at least you get a sexy accent in English.
* Lindwürmer (Wyvern): Klagenfurt has even a statue
We blocked the entrance to the school parking lot with a boulder somebody brought with a tractor
Jesus Christ, it is so annoying for everything to always be about that one topic.
yes
Overall I prefer it in Austria
I don't know how far parliamentary immunity reaches in Poland, but in some other countries they do
Thank you Germany and France for getting over their old animosities and rivalries and finally teaming up
It all fell apart since Marcel Hirscher retired, but hey, we were the best nation at the World Ski Championships 2021
And your username makes me hungry :D
Viennese New City) is not in Vienna and not that new any more, it was founded in 1194
It's a classic tactic of defamation against your enemy though, make him seem smaller than he actually is to the point of ridicule
The only other hassle that I can think of is that you might have to change currencies
Having to use an extra carafe or whatever to pour it seems so ineffective.
harbouring the killer of the heir apparent was kind of a dick move
Really good comment
She only wants to be in headlines and is using this for her fame.
the czech side did, the hungarian side was against it.
October/November is sure an easier time to get those tickets then summer.
He served under the German imperial army in WW1 while at the same time giving up his Austrian passport
The only way to half way better get the point across while not looking really off would probably be to write in phonetic script, and I don't know how to do that
"du wappla
Lederhosen are generally not worn in everyday life
Instead of accepting the demands, they counter-offered to donate 52000 packages of cookies to different welfare facilities
If it hasn't then you need to get approval and basically prove that it's a proper name
All in all you could do with a bit more culture in your life
* Place of birth
I do get secretly offended when I get mistaken for German.
I speak German
Brutal
Even when native German speakers get the pronunciation and the accent right in English, the last hurdle is usually the pitch
I live in Austria and I think many kebab / pizza places offer this
Being the most successful country in Alpine Skiing events makes the winter Olympics a bit of a big deal in Austria.
After having such a long and fierce history of wars with each other, this for me is one of the most beautiful political advancements of the past 70 years
Had my pockets picked once in the underground
> and are not members of that body
[Blood types] were discovered by  [Karl Landsteiner] though
The European law banned normal sized magazines
Miles are only used in fairy tales here - so it is a huge distance when you are in an imaginay world where everybody walks or rides a horse.
taking the big boy toy away should help solve the problem
>Schenker (logistics)
Aber auf Mohnflesserl ist das Salz gut
Now he's better
All deflection
i have the mastercard securecode on my cc (that i only use abroad).
In Austria, discount supermarkets are not as popular - maybe 10 or 15%
Some statistics, why we don't need to be scared:
Haha, yes titles are somewhat important here although it's getting less and less popular.
H.C. was vice chancellor up until a couple months ago, when it was found out that he tried to "sell" the country to a "niece" of a russian oligarch
Holy shit
finally, because when we're in the mood for white beans in sauce, we normally have [Serbian Bean Soup] instead, which is basically the same but differently flavored (with paprika and spicy)
On a good day you can scale one of the hills and see two European capitals, Vienna and Bratislava
i really want to learn more about them, and since those guys didnt write their own history, i probably would see alot cool things nobody knew about them
While the south of the island has remained a democracy and has joined the EU the north is de-facto a regime
All three ultimately derive from Old Lower Frankonian
Judging by the development over the recent years, nobody is learning even about things that happened a hundred years ago
Asterix and Obelix, very funny
Vienna is certainly an amazing city
Almost like the people who profit from these loopholes don't want to give that up
"How do I die
They are not reversed
It could be more challenging for non German natives or for Germans the further north you come
The front side, as seen in the linked article, has
The customer is going to buy the best chocolate bread spread that is available to him in his local market.
ÖVP strikes again
Neither Graz nor Linz sounds particularly good to me
Probably the [Kaprun disaster 2000] A funicular burned in a tunnel on a mountain
The Netherlands
Especially accident wise as those guys thing that forrest roads are super easy to navigate and then are surprised that things like cattle grids and drains are not 100% bike friendly
I personally don't really see ideas of the authoritarian left (ie the marxist leninists) in the lefty parties of Europe though
The army's vanguard, a contingent of hussars, crossed the Timiș River to scout for the presence of the Ottoman army
In Austria there is hardly any racism towards poles.
A screenshot of a 9gag post
We did the Lord's Prayer in the morning too (rural western Austria); only in elementary school tho.
One about the nice things about the rickroll is, that I have never seen someone being actually upset about it
It was a hot spot for spies, it has hills sounding and close to other cities "on the other side of the curtain", which could all be part of the same game
It reminded me of all the reasons I cannot stand travelling there to begin with
Like, religious, traditional and conservative or is there more to it
I think we have a lot more international connections to western Europe than Budapest
Just don't say "Tschechei", that's Nazi speech.
1 machines crashing]
Those titles are giving me a headache
[DKT] has an interesting history
Most of the times I end up as the Kingdom of Jerusalem after crusading a bit or as a satanic Empire trying to devour half the world
cross country is somewhat popular but I don't know anyone who is doing biathlon.
I was scanning the comments fearing someone would mention Linz (Linz may be very industrial, but it ain't that bad), or Vienna (which would be the typical anti-capital reflex; Vienna is fantastic)
As an Austrian (basically German in this context), I don't feel any guilt or the need to apologize for a war my great-grandparents' generation started.
To quote (quote from memory, might not be 100% correct) a former Austrian Finance Minister who was on trial for tax evasion "I know nothing about tax law".
In any case, revisiting and reviewing habits one might have "learned" as a toddler might be in order if you are figuratively burning through toilet paper (in the literal case get a smoke alarm in addition to having a talk)
Oh I'm sure about that, you guys smoke a ton of weed to come down from all of the Crystal you use over there :p
It´s like with all kids, at a certain time of your life you have to let them make their own mistakes and learn from them
But since you can't reconstruct a Celtic/Roman city on top of a living contemporary city, they are doing it virtually
Uncommon in Austria
I realize I apparently have a strong aversion against those two cities
> Pretty much everyone who speaks Welsh as their first language can speak English fluently from a relatively young age
So, I just said "l'addizione per favore", which is just the French "l'addition s'il vous plaît" translated into Italian only that it doesn't make much sense in this situation
What many envisage is a public institution tied to EU law where actual research is conducted (instead of being focused on teaching), at a much larger scale, a competitive budget, all branches of science represented, in the same spirit as Erasmus
“(Republik) Mazedonien“ in everyday's language, the german translation for the FYROM is “ehemalige jugoslawische Republik Mazedonien (EJRM)“.
thanks for posting this link
McDonalds: "Mäckie" or "Schachtelwirt" (eng.
They are apparently still hunted and eaten in parts of Slovenia and Croatia today
Stephen's feast day on December 26th
Having lived in Sweden, I agree that it is hard to do things with people spontaneously
I mean, you might not be that used to that stuff and be quite amazed, are you
would one single number actually be easier
Yeah, I was grabbed several times (boobs, crotch etc
What all four countries/regions have in common is that from the 70s on credit became cheap for these governments
Rakousko sounds pretty awesome for some reason
People who lived through WW2 and the following occupation always told me that gaining independence was the best thing that could have happend
So i started talking with them in english (i don't like high german because i swap to dialekt within one sentence, so it is easier for me to use english in such situation, nowadays i am better at speaking high german over an extended period of time but back then it was almost impossible for me) while they kept talking dutch and it worked really well
This was a culturally anchored act of revenge.
I don't think we take wedding such serious at least American movies and TV shows picture it...
i have yet to see an article (in english ofc) here that shows why Macron would be favourable to Hamon.
I often see hares, frogs and grass snakes which unfortunately seem to love my garage
Because that's weird, it sounds weird
Wous houst du groud gsogt
Very
No need to be a bitch about it tbh
Second you can't just take someone's kid away without a lengthy legal process and there are rather strict criteria who is able to care for a child that's taken away from its parents as they have special needs.
I find it super interesting and I really like the sound of it.
But it's **required** to not like Germans
Very weird thread
The original meaning (something you give) is preserved in the old-fashioned German term "Mitgift" (With-gift), which means "dowry".
A good example for the spelling nightmare (or nigthmeir/nightmeere/nightmair - you can't tell from listening): how can the vowels "oo, u, e, ue" rhyme, and there is a different set of "oo, ou".
Vienna for the provinces
Accent, I don't know
What is it with these exposed ankle trend that's been going on for a few years
No but there are enough cunts in every government of all European countries
Lol, never even noticed that, but you are right
It is a sad day in European history
Now he can afford a 165€ product from Europe or a 110$ product from the US.
Patrick's day is something some pubs may want to be a part of, but in general people don't consciously celebrate it, they just passively partake.
Lol, well that explains that
Didn’t believe me still
Most nazis are above 90 years old these days...
Just go somewhere where not a lot of people speak english.
I use [AnachB] for route finding
This is highly different
protection for people who rent, a cap for rent adjusted to your income, etc.
So he turned the gun of the tank upwards to the back of the vehicle and slowly drove towards the enemy, white napkin hanging out of the hatch
The Austrian Empire along with Prussia were the first countries with mandatory education for children
Except for those cases where it would round down instead of up
Or just does the necesarry things to do.
And for accents: I‘m bad at accents anyway
Sense8 has a pretty good international cast, because - shocker - they use actors from tze country they were portraying
But maybe it has changed a bit since, I only go there to see my parents
Yeah, those are the ones I most commonly see too
I figured because of the name they might be closer related.
dünn=thin, thanks=Danke, think=denken, etc
Yeah the growth of the GDP is 2% and the Inflation will be 2.7% meaning less stuff for the UK.
The loudest fucking people are still drunk English lads though
Since recently even bicycle food couriers have a union
You have hills in Denmark
Wow, so far I have had exactly 1online lesson
oh sorry, I meant more like [this] or [this] or [this]
#All votes:
I really feel like I am in a different universe
If it's any consolation plattdeutsch lives on in Canada
The Germans had one like this called "Die Deutschen".
You ended up with 50 years of communism, but at least we gave you a convenient justification to finally get rid of your unruly German-speaking population
All things that should be completely optional after elementary school
And we can improvise for those
We Austrians don't take most things that seriously and it's more jokingly
What the fuck kind of weird social circle do you both have, lol
Oh and *Glock*, but i'm not sure that qualifies as unknown
If this means it will become easier for the rest of us to get theatre tickets for all the London productions, all the better tbh.
[What is our life worth
I’m a student, my school’s organization for the lockdown as well as the months after was horrible
It's Donau for us in Austria and Germany
EDIT: Another channel shows five episodes of Two and a Half Men a day, followed by three episodes of Navy CIS (that are then immediately repeated)
Liaben Gruaß aus Öberösterreich an den Nachbarn
Nothing in Vienna's 19th district (which Grinzing is a small part of) is cheap
SPÖ: "socialist party austria" center left party
So what concretely makes Austria "small Germany" and e.g. Switzerland or Luxembourg not
You have to ask that question for each individual country.
&#x200B;
And have the skulls shoot fire from the eyes, plus capes!"
Depends, lots of people would be glad if Austria finally had fewer federal states, as they really aren't necessary anymore.
"Blockwart" is literally calling someone a Nazi snoop
Perkele
You have to understand that Austria is a neutral country and we don't want foreign troops marching through our country.
Let's call it Danubia
That’s probably the reason why
Not for freedom but for supremacy
it's just an in your face, dumbed down version of films like Taxi Driver for the 21st century audience
The same is true for female genital mutilation though
>There's the old debate whether structures or individual figures are more influential in history
If you had a good idea in politics, we'll copy that and make it just a little less good when implementing it
In Austria too, we started writing practice with pencils and then switched to fountain pens
I'd say Klagenfurt
Seems like I misinterpreted your comment, then.
the alps took their toll on us i see
I think it shows that people are trying to maybe get more involved in political process since they can grasp that real change (represented by the FPÖ) can happen
Hungary and Austria are quite similar in that regard that a huge percentage of people are living in the capitol (20+%) which is very uncommon afaik
Thank you
Frankly i think most anti immigration policies nowadays are fighting symptoms.
Not for private citizens but the filter won't make a difference
If anything it's the other way around, everybody making fun of poor Berlin
tru
Parola	FI
bullshit
Of course I also fell multiple times, but I don't have clear memories of that
that
That's a completely different thing
Its not exclusive to Italy, its happening world wide
I was just wondering how to recreate the Austrian flag.
The refugee crisis is a big factor in changing the political landscape, so it will affect all of us in one way or the other.
But my foreign friends and me agree the romanian one it’s vastly superior in taste than any other we’ve tasted
In Austria, Pariser mostly means someone from Paris, or this sausage
Laughs in Austrian
May I introduce you to A[ustrian Standard German]
The krampus then torments the people inside
got my life burnt out of me
hope you made it back home to your little farm in the mountains and the starving villagers
Only government owned buildings do
Not saying that it‘s really cool over here, but those 19-24° are way more welcome than the 25-28° my german friends have
Otherwise i try to avoid it whenever i can, i think it is a quite ugly language
Those are not offical vendors, their tickets are not for the opera
-sent from my Telefon
>A wood stove is not that enviromentally friendly
&#x200B;
Of course we use a lot of English words
Easy mistake to make
Just call it vegan cheese and it sells here too...
On the other hand, you have to stand behind your own claims, and it's become more and more clear how the US really has no moral authority whatsoever to ask anybody to be a better country, I think.
Are your dialects so different from the standard version that they ads a gendered prefix or suffix
Not me but a friend who almost never travels out of the country: Smoking in restaurants and bars
**Spanish** people generally dress well, but often they all look similar, because in the end everybody buys the same Inditex stuff
It really do be like that
European born attackers became radicalised due to the way society treated them.
If Trump does something big or something in relation with Germany, France or the EU then it‘s 100% talked about
But sauce, impossible
Oh you are lucky that you never had an argument over the gender of Nutella
Yeah, because we say something similar in German already (Tschechien), so you really notice how unwieldy it is having to resort to "Czech Republic" in English in comparison
I think house "dsmid" would be his choice
I am actually kinda happy that leather jacket time gets longer lol
The verb in that context has its origin in Czech and is a literal translation of "vyjít" (according to an article I found)
There was a real life version of this in a cutre reality show on German TV
They are Austrian, but love Italy:
And to discourage future immigrants who try the same.
I would have been a traitor so i could live in austria-hungary.
With freedom of movement - do you mean Schengen area, or visa-free travel, or the guaranteed right to live and work in those countries?
You don't need legal reasons to create a law.
Wouldn't say very common, but not unheard of
Viele Konservative (*ahem* CV *ahem*) halten Dollfuß für einen Österreich-Patrioten, ja Märtyrer (wurde ja von Nazis ermordet), der sich dem deutschen NS-Einfluss und dem Anschluss zu erwehren versucht hat
In summer
Nobody usually talks about it
But when I look at our history I see that our ancestors considered themselves German.
The latter, because that's how throughput works
Imagine this happening on a weekday during normal, busy times
A lake instead of Luxembourg which reaches to Switzerland
If you start later summer time is no problem any more
Was ??? Ja peinlich ka wir reden alle scho so im classic Wienerisch aber ja Großstadt hat halt immer weniger Dialekt :/ eh schod .
Even if she wasn't from Vorarlberg ;)
Around noon we were on a tower that overlooked the whole city
" for example
Can you really blame them
Quite popular with males from ~20 to ~40
it's decidedly foreign, no worries
First I rode it with side wheels, then by papa took them off one day and held me, until he didn't hold me anymore in one moment, and that's how I rode the bike
Buying
That is a straight up lie
Like once a week someone thinks they're totally funny by posting a "haha Austria started two world wars and blamed both on the Germans" picture to r/Austria
Especially the period of 1938-1945
There are also quite a few former refugees from the Yugoslavia war who are now living in other European countries and are Muslim.
Well, he became interior minister because he wasn't wanted in St Pölten anymore.
Just rename yourself to Cz in English, problem solved
The compare them to Vodoo Jürgens or Helmut Qualtinger or
The marmalade is still in there, but they probably added mustard and pickles to it
I guess a lot of my history lessons in school revolved around Austrian history, because
Arr, ye be makin' me peg leg hurt
Statues and monuments were erected in the countries she often visited in her last years
Yeah, we've been landlocked for to long now.
i think they usually dont have our "table" toilets so its less splattering, but im a sitzpinkler too so donno..
Its not exclusive to Italy, its happening world wide
also as i mentioned since non-bank ATMs in slovakia don't exist you have no reason to not trust an ATM
And since students are not all in one big pile, parties are not as "mardi-gras style" insane
I actually translated a prose on /r/translator about 2 weeks ago into my local dialect.
I was utterly confused
but many people also Take them by Car To school
And the church but it's really cool inside
The what
How is the overall Meme culture in your native language
So she had to kill people because she killed people?
And for the unreal case it would
too much Hollywood action movies
Let's make Austria-Hungary great again.
Now try being poor in the US compared to Europe
Apples and ... battleships
The fun thing about the Extrawurst idiom is that in Austria there literally is a sausage called Extrawurst
In the last election a party called BPÖ (Beer Party of Austria) ran for seats in Vienna
They don't care as long as you're looking "Austrian".
An Austrian never complains, but I guess this applies to the whole balkans and east Central Europe
>the food is like German Food
but why yes there is
Just look at Traunstein, Kleiner Sonnstein or Schoberstein
['member this nice poem
Then there are the nursery schools, some of them you can go after the 8th Grade, some require to be 18
al mascellare
Nah, it has been on the Simpsons, this had to happen.
But that's how you properly learn cursive
he ended up just adding for the generel direction like west, east and so on.
Because more and more people don't like those things, every year millions of tons of slaughter waste has to be thrown away
It is a somewhat noticeable feature of swedish cuisine, that similar sauces and berries are used to contrast main ingredients, that seem to have evolved out of scarcity i.e.
Nein nein, ich finde nur die Ironie dahinter lustig
offers great food, cheaper prices, nice outdoor areas to explore, all in a completely different country and language
This can cause hilarious misunderstandings, or Germans just laughing in Austrian supermarkets
If you don't manually lock it with a key, self-locking doors are incredibly easy to get into
Reunification lead to the incorporation of an area that had growth rates comparable to West Germany during the so called "Wirtschaftswunder":
Lol i cant even remember commenting on this post, well it seems i had a few beers too much yesterday
The EU sucks, but it's the best we have, and it's a steep downhill slope from here onward without it
Of course I did, no New Year without the Neujahrskonzert
Well most people hear German in context of military in war movies, plus standard German sounds very different to most of the dialects
the thing is nobody expects them, but they just show up :/
My first one is Switzerland
As another Austrian stated: We miss the sea or direct access to it
Now at least parts of the Nave seem to be gone
I would say "Eine kleine Nachtmusik" from Mozart
Except for parts of Tyrol and all of Vorarlberg, which speak alemannic dialects, every other part of Austria speaks a Bavarian dialect, some more some less.
I'd like Trump more if he was a dinosaur
The tap water in Austria is very hard (=has a lot of lime in it)
Always pointing to the 70s being worse doesn't change the fact that we could have barely none if migration and integration was handled more responsibly.
Vorarlberg seems to punch way above it's weight
Thankfully it's dirt cheap
Red Bull
not wanting Hofer as president certainly helped, on the other hand a decent number of people also voted Hofer solely due to the stigma of the green party.
Gotta remember that one
a cup of coffee from my Bialetti^TM percolator
actually it's just a ln intercultural misunderstanding
BEWARE OF THE MOULD
Nah that's fine
So there's the story behind the band name 'Sektion Kuchikäschtli'
playing sounds of loudly flushing actually to mask for he sound of farts and actual shitting
So we should send a politition to germany again
Sadly cars are super locally regulated.
But then again, just drink beer, so you won't need a straw
Ik ben er alleen maar 2-3 keer per jaar en woon de rest van het jaar in Oostenrijk
I guess its time to flatten the curve again
First time I actually think of the UK as my enemy.
Sadly I didn't find the courage to correct her, now I wish I had spoken up
I never tried, could be a natural talent but the world will never know
Best case scenario are the people who try to get up there in crocs and need a helicopter ride down.
Then it'd need to be dangerous waste, general waste (i.e. what a house produces) we use for production
(I am of the opinion that Austrians are as much Germans as Irish are British, Austria had been independent for many centuries at that point, never was apart of Prussia or the German Empire and, until recently, was a Great Power of its own)
No matter what your local politicians may tell you, the EU is just as part of your government as they are
> shit where there's some audio guide I often find the English recording speaks really slowly
Directly above this post in my feed I got an ad for 'cheap airline tickets'.
Mineral water is about the same or more expensive
but you don't wear the same shoes you wear outside when in your house, do you
*who's most likely half your age
Thanks for the explanation anyway
I'm a student in civil engineering specialised in drinking and sewage water, and I've only learned about the theoretical procedures if you find contaminants and not from real scenarios
Because thats the tradeoff for it and you still pay into EU budget as far as i know, but i dont know if you would pay more as a member
Strategic voting is absolutely a thing
will leave the spelling mistake because of cuteness
Love it
But, thank you for providing a different perspective on many things, I really appreciate it
For a long time however, you got a public-owned flat much faster if you were a SPÖ member
Non citizens are not even allowed to demonstrate, so why does a foreign head of state have the right to show up at election events all over Europe?
Sure, there’s also Kasleberkassemmerl and Pferdeleberkassemmerl (my personal favorite, because horse meat is great)
That's such a typical Alman thing to say
A friend told me get a small one
I should have realized my oversight sooner by spelling it all out though :)
You can‘t compare Austria, were every road in the valley or flatlands will be free of snow in a matter of hours to Finland, were even the highways will be packed with snow for months
Also fantastic Trdelník.
Mostly not for the food itself, but for lack of grace or seemingly "not having your life together" – after all, who in their right mind would want to eat while walking even though it's a) unhealthy b) hard to enjoy your food that way c) kinda sad and lonely and lastly d) dirty and kinda disorderly
Exactly
Or ads that are like that
Liechtenstein, just to make every​one see what a total mess monarchy is.
Commute was about 1 hour in the morning and about 1,5 hours in the evening
You don't. There's no other word, but to talk about honor *at all* sounds dangerously right-wing reactionary to German ears
I mean historical it's part of Hungary.
I used to fly to the uk quite regularly, so was very much used to the passport controls within eu
While it is not clear which one of these groups did so, they gave the false warning without telling the others, who promptly fled
Definitely not that high
Still not something I would consider quality time
Heck I know a guy who does that through winter
The 13th is depending on the contract.
Obviously, after Erdogan imprisoned critical journalists and said that he was thinking about reinstating the death penalty there was no way that Austria would suddenly support Turkey joining the EU
Which is normal
>I'd argue that there is a massive difference
In German, the bird is called "Storch". Strong means "Stark".
The old ÖVP was right
Slovenia is nice, but it's so similar to Austria in many aspects that it's kinda underwhelming as a destination
It'll just be left to local warlords and extremists if they manage to get rid of him.
Just heads up, these fans are known to
The only thing I remember personally is seeing the sea and the arcades in the shopping street.
I just realized that Ressel wasn't born in Austria
So I think the joke should be that German has rather long words, but this is actually a sentence (something like "Oh my goodness, nothing works anymore, nothing at all
(Additional fun fact, he was executed by a french firing squad and apparently as his last act made fun of them for missing their first shot
Quite an impressive view from the plain
Owning an apartment is not necessarily cheaper than renting one - many financial counselors (and people on this sub) will confirm this.
L'Europe a besoin de vous
Objective 1: film the meeting with hans-christopher streiche
Everybody loves him though, and his accents is very funny
The german name is Reibekuchen, but wiki says it's called "Erdäpfelpuffer" and "Erdäpfelkrapferl" in Austria.
We have it in Austria too
It's only offensive if you ask "So your great-grandparents were Austrians, then?" in Slovakia...
Or painting bike lanes next to parking spots, or on already very narrow streets, is just asking for trouble
I merely said that bc the commenter didn‘t mention december or christmas eve in any way, therefore I made my comment
a good American one is ["Bird-in-Hand"]
Over the radio he was ordered to continue the assault, now alone in his tank with this dead buddy in the same compartment
Medieval tales/epics are in general shared between the "Frankish" countries (France, Germany, Lowlands, Alps, and sometimes England, Italy, Spain)
Why would anyone sit on his pounds if it drops 10% everytime Theresa May opens her mouth.
It's the face turkish imigrants cuisine in Western Europe
Have a look at the [Corruption Perceptions Index]
Hasn‘t improved since WOMDs and Guantanamo (looking at you Obama) for me
For a long time (farm)land was measured in "morgen" (translated literally "morning") which meant the amount  of land a single farmer could use on a single day
However most people probably don't know that they are based in Austria
&#x200B;
I don't like English
uses NATO as a form of international welfare,
To the hip hip hop-a you don't stop the rock,
We normally don't send acts that already are big in Austria; this might be because Eurovision is mostly seen as uncultured/cheesy entertainment, and the artists are B- or C-tier prominent people who are soon forgotten afterwards.
iPhones work really well together with Macs and the whole Apple ecosystem
germany is in central europe, look at the times zones
), where the have information like the time for mass and confessions, plus some picture with sentence like "Never forget, with his infinite love and compassion, he died for us all" or "Giving to people in need will yield the largest return"
The Apocalypse is nigh, may the devil have mercy on our soul: 40+
I haven't fully figured it out yet, but apparently *Sound of Music* is one of those movies Americans watch around Christmas with the whole family, like *It's a Wonderful Life* with Jimmy Stewart.
Our destinctive dialetcs in Austria seem to fade because of the german media that overwhelms us
I didnt think about that
For example the Upperaustrians meme about the Mühlviertel (countrybumpkins) and especially the district of Rohrbach (countrybumpkins who kill you due to reckless driving)
Source: studied English, have used my fair share of different dictionaries
etc
Gott erhalte Franz den Kaiser was way better
Craftsmanship in these countries improved and made it possible to accumulate a capital stock to be used during the industrial revolution
Aaah finally, a song about my deep dark fear
And you've made that astounding observance how exactly?
So you'd have Erdapfel (earth apple), Paradeiser -> Paradies Apfel (paradise apple) and so on
* Group C: Netherlands, Ukraine, Austria, Play-off winner D (A)*
I can't ski (probably
A funny one is "Hatsch" which sounds like "Hadj" and means a long exhausting (and sometimes senseless) walk
I think it is fortunate that we are able to live in such a time
and in my whole life, I've been exactly once
Calling us German
Just the oddest sort of calm and relaxing
Considering our current politics it probably should be taught even more extensively tbh
even so, I am not AH
As much as I think Trump is literally Hitler.
I'm pretty sure we'll live to see (or better yet, be forced to fight in) another useless large-scale war after the break-up of the EU and the rise in nationalism everywhere.
Is that a wordplay on Austrians saying Na instead of the standard German Nein, or are you from a region where people would say 99 like that?
Looks like they might get a problem in 200-300 years
Just look at how many French words we still use (Niveau, Adresse, Büro, etc) because it once was the lingua franca
For Austria you know what I‘m boutta say: the dialects
The first few times I did felt strange, but now, well, before the whole pandamic shit went down, I almost all the time go solo
Is it true that it's illegal to speak English as a tourist in France?
I like those coins
Otherwise been very fortunate and msot of my ADSL2 services would be around 15mbit
AFAIK in German-majority Südtirol regular subjects are all in German and Italian is taught as a separate subject from the beginning and in Italian-majority Trentino it's vice versa
It stands at the very center of the city
Joined Gundam research agreement coming up
No, Westeros is a city in middle(?) Sweden, circa a bit(?) more west of Stockholm.
I just wish we wouldn't import all this gender extremism from countries like the USA, and instead work for actual equality
I mean I have eaten pasta with ketchup, but I was 10 at the time and didn't know any better.
that makes for a far better case.
Even after he passed the denazification the family lived of wild roots his children found
Remember that people around understand you even though you won't understand them.
So what i meant is Le Pen has lowest chances of happening, and of all things isn't good for placing a bet.
Someone else thought everyone stopped working at 5 and said "Fertig
Yes it is, with some limitations.
Thanks to Italy for delicious cuisine and not usually reciting the part of your anthem that bitches about Austria
I like some parts of it, riding along a park and on the ([newly finished] "bike highways", they make you imagine what riding a bike in the Netherlands must be like: straight, spacious, little to no disruptions
Maybe somebody from Russia can explain why?
People here go to threads like this to rile each other up
Well, it's basically a membership fee, it's just handled like a tax since the amount you pay is based on how much your wage is so this way it's easier
Ah scheiße, i hätt gmoat de woin wissn wos hoid berühmt is
Burning wood is climate neutral
I’d go with the word by word translation and call it Eastempire
The most used word to offend Germans is to refer to them as "Piefkes" wich technical means Prussians and its exactly what we mean.
Some old songs should gave me a hint, "I'm the train called City of New Orleans, don't you know me, I'm your native son"...
Your merkur is a building material market, i don’t know why
implying britain is really gonna leave until 2019.
Yes
My friends don‘t really care, except some that say they can „speak really good in english“ and afterwards don‘t understand a single word I use, but then I just explain what I mean and sometimes they tell me the word I‘m looking for
English natives struggled, but for the German-speakers it was just a simple matter of "ah, so 'no desu' is just like asking a question with 'denn' vs
Sometimes a Handy slips in but it's the exception rather than the rule
Imagine what the weisswurst equator would look like too
I'm reading now they issued rape alarms to women in Vienna.
Leave the campaign in Turkey and don't create conflict among Turks in the EU.
This is correct, but I give so little fuck I don't even give a fuck about grammar and spelling anymore.
I would assume that it would be wiser for them - for their own safety - to seek asylum in a country that doesn't have such a big Erdogan-loyal turkish population as Germany does.
It's mostly used to refer to lower Austria, but can also mean "anywhere in Austria except Vienna".
So the total income stayed the same
Almost everybody will have one for baking cakes and pastries.
She's a kid at heart
> i don't see the difference in performance to studded tyres and winter tyres with chains
Still less gun crime than most of our neighbors
Roughly an hour later, just when the montage with the song Hallelujah playing in the background was playing, the film was interrupted indefinitely because of an important message: Pope John Paul II had died
It's a lot of bad luck I guess, in general it is really safe here
We have 340000 serbian and croatian speakers in austria
there are about 200km between the two largest cities in Austria, the trains takes at least 2:35 => Car usually faster (speed limit on highways is 130 km/h.)
I was in Florence and Pisa but Siena was my favourite
They have talked to each other (exclusively) and concluded, that yes indeed the EU will agree because they need the UK a lot more than the UK needs the EU
[Logo]
I can tell you what the article is about but can't go into too much detail
>  Austrian because it is comedic in a fun way
The problem is rather not so clear rules about emphasis, which make some words sound "wrong" if you don't know where it is.
or monetary reimbursement to take care of them.
Eisenstadt:.... Yeah, right, that exists too
Looks like you need a constitutional change then.
But the west sahara had its own problems already with morroco trying to take it over while the locals rejected that
the e-id part (and Handy-Signatur) is slated to be replaced by a proper eu-wide e-id though
IIRC there was a survey/statistic posted about this topic on r/europe not so long ago
(Hg) Mercury is *Quecksilber*, which is a cognate to mercury's older English name *quicksilver*.
[Salzburger Nockerl] I grew up in Salzburg and I don't know anyone who's eaten it more than once, and many people who've never tried it at all
Our visit also included Disneyland (yes 20 year old me insisted)
You make your flair all honor
I could eat 3 of them if I wouldn't explode
In Flanders Fields from Sabaton is great for this day
so the long system, but without separate names for the "thousands of". interesting
perfect time to get "sich ausgehen" (eine Ressource, die für ein Vorhaben ausreicht, sowohl zeitlich als auch räumlich etc) under your belt
not the thing itself
Prob Haider or Strache
It is
Back then Greece, turkey and the UK all agreed to do their best to ensure that Cyprus remained an independent country and was not annexed or integrated by any of the other nations
After moving to Linz I have found many cute and interesting places which i just never stumbled upon when visiting the city
everyone is burning meanwhile we in Austria have a shitton of rain and ~15°c. love it
Nope, never
We tend to characterize it as "relationships before rules".
I live roughly 20 kilometers away from a military base, so yes.
There's a lot folks with Balkan roots that are indistinguishable from locals
Oh I'm happy you liked it so much
That's all not a thing here
In Vienna: Naturhistorisches Museum, Technisches Museum, Schatzkammer, Foltermuseum, Narrenturm, Haus der Musik, ZOOM Kindermuseum, etc
Are eastern Europeans devoid of taste buds?
We have about 120 and there's been news for months about it.
Die Buben verstehen nicht, was wir sagen
You're either oversensitive or my wording might have been bad, but I didn't want to imply anything like that
Also just yesterday my wallet was stolen
med., various Post Grad programms
Probably it's because i'm far older than the average Austrian redditor and as such see combining massive amounts of sugar, fat and meat of questionable source more as a major health risk than a good idea to put in your mouth
I find it strange that some languages (especially romance ones) have an abundance of past tenses.
That's not standard austrian german we speak here
So I think I understand your question, and would like to try and give an answer in two parts:
also south tyrol
A good example which demonstrates this is the movie "Die Hard".
some of the best water worldwide.
Upper Austria actually
* We don't hate animals and there aren't cadavers of horses and dogs around the Eiffel Tower.
[August 2007])
then you wouldn't be able to attribute a nationality to anyone from the past.
I'm no expert on medieval document language though, so maybe I'm missing some detail that clarifies it for sure, but to the best of my knowledge it cant be said with complete certainty
You don't have free public toilets in the UK
Yea, here we get 2 days paid holiday per month, if you add 3 additional days for women that would more than double their holidays.
so many different groups, all finding together and being so unhappy all at once
As others have mentioned, in Austria it would be Oachkatzlschwoaf (squirrel tail)
Like Alfred Dorfer once said: "The Chinese have Yin and Yang
I still don't get why you would need a "smart" kettle or toaster anyway.
Apples and ... battleships
I would say I'd boycott their stuff but I don't play any of their games anyhow
I'm curious: Do the Carinthian Slovenes have a funny (maybe German sounding??) accent?
Netherlands = bikes
The fact, that im basically living on a 1000 years old graveyard, but thats only for my village
Also Café Phil, serving a more hip and young crowd, is right across the street as well.
The USA however shows its true colours with this
If it means increasing military spending to anywhere close to US levels, I am definitely against that
We know
Now what's really stupid is to painfully negotiate a deal and then turn around and break it a few days later.
And Jewish refugees have been turned away at the Swiss border, knowing that they will die in the Third Reich
German spellings often have minor differences, mostly based on the pronounciation of letters (Czechia-Tschechien, Chechnya-Tschetschenien, Chad-Tschad, Canada-Kanada, Botsuana-Botswana), or the originally Latin ending *-ia* becomes *-(i)en* in German (Italien, Indien, Spanien, Australien Litauen, Polen, Serbien, Kroatien, Syrien, Albanien)
>pulpo a la galiciana
I will never fully understand how that old house works
Vorarlberg mostly speak Alemannic and they are culturally pretty similar to BW
" is very important IMO
And for both Austria and Germany the Green Party would be considered left of him.
I prefer "haisl".
Absolutely agree
When we cleaned out his old house we found several letters and a nazi flag
If you buy concert tickets, only buy the at the official box office
"Die Magd" definitively isn't neutral, though diminuitives always are and "das Mädchen" (which is the currently preferred translation for "the girl") thus is
Nice
Rijeka is really beautiful, despite one of my first memories of it are buidling full of bullit holes.
Where do we have cities/towns like that
Yeah making such a fuss about academcial fuzzy definitions of regions is just plain dumb
And at the same time, if you want to do it honestly, you will drown and not be able to keep up
Miss you though, but you are doing great on your own apparently
It's a horrible situation to be in.
And they are way too powerful and regularly abuse that power
Der Bürgerkrieg und die Diktatur war eh abzusehen
60 	g 	Butter
The rancy motel next to the bordello was/is used as refugee quarter, there wasn'nt that much interaction beside volunteery one.
After the walking we needed a good dinner.
Liechtenstien
And now place these countries on a map!
/r/de or /r/austria might be able to help too.
He specifically called for Austria to join the Visegrad group even.
While in Vienna, no signs of snow
Carpet floors in public buildings/offices
Haha ja wirklich
Santa Claus is very present in the media, but for children it's still the "Christkindl" (baby Jesus) that brings the presents
Here there's a certain stink in the air on the worst days.
We stormed Normandy to save their asses.
So, of course, this leads to Germans often making fun of it
There's only one right answer though
I definitely use Spanish in my day-to-day more often than they do
Also, "Großbritannien" is assumed to be the correct term - the vast majority of people will be surprised learning that technically it refers to the island without northern ireland, and something like "Vereinigtes Königreich" should be the correct term.
all those pictures of Trieste.
Really cool but it's the first time I've seen/heard of it
It's common in Austria too
In Austria, if such parties are in cities it's somewhat common to give the future bride/groom a few "tasks" to solve on the night out that are supposed to "embarrass" them or at least cause a funny situation.
Evading citizen duties like military service and in some cases taxes while still being able to influence the life of people living in the country massively by voting in elections even though the outcome of these barely influences your own life is unfair
Hm weird I'm pretty sure that the roads were always paved until Liss where the skiing lift starts because I've been there years ago and it was
15 1000 ATS bank notes
This will be probabelly be another poll upset.
What
You won't find miles of untouched nature in Austria
Usually pajama-style clothes
"Shit, I am late
Talking with them you use their names or pet names
UK citizens and politicians have deluded themselves into thinking it is possible, likely even
medium budget: prob
* [Admont Abbey (Stift Admont)] - Fun Fact by Wikipedia: _Admont Abbey contains the largest monastic library in the world as well as a long-established scientific collection
And of course totally different from the Vorarlberg dialect, but nobody in Austria except for themselves understand the people from Vorarlberg anyways
In my current company if you need something to be done, you better hope it's not Friday
And don't get me started on the cultural differences in food between Austria and Germany
I'm friendlier for some reason but my personality does not change
Look it's pointless to ask a random stranger on the Internet for technical details.
The center of Zürich, and skiing in Kitzbühel in the high season
NATO loads are pretty high compared to most civilian loads
Nice, thanks
yeah and still people skip classes near the end of the school year
With the ID i think it is mandatory to have it with you but in realty no one ever checked for it, so its not a big deal if you don't have it with you
What would happen to UKIP after a Brexit?
I code in English, comment in English and if possible document in English too
probably, but since yes won there have to be quite a few people in the yes majority areas as well
I made that sentence up
You're totally right of course; We already have so "many" sickos, why not add some more?
> How do you learn to ride in traffic without veering into another lane
Don't they have something like our "Volksabstimmung".
Now we got a few sunny days before a possibly rainy start of July but fingers crossed it's just a pessimistic weather report
They are good but more expensive.
Btw I had some of the best parties with Spaniards
Going from the biggest German speaking city to the second biggest one is not even close to as different as you can
Secondly it can be facilitated through local climate, and it's also influenced by available housing and shelter systems, but also by common-sense stuff like building layout/zoning (no shops that sell alcohol near entrances, etc)
6 people were killed, 13 wounded
Thanks for sharing
Stupidity doesn't hold in court and isn't a legal defence in any form
What is "Christian cultural background" to you then?
Technically, not a list
I always thought, I had micro-balls when I heard about that stuff from Americans
Other than that, no
And other European countries will probably elect anti-immigration parties.
Actually he even denied it
Most studies are actually not restricted regarding the amount of students
An exception to all that are songs with creative lyrics in my mother language, which I appreciate especially when they're using local dialect
The entire province eventually became part of the British zone and for the most part people were relieved that it was British and not Soviet anymore
" a month ago, now try find a statement from Merkel along those lines
You have to add though that those bars were specifically made for poundland.
apparently, both is possible [and up to the teacher] TIL
Opus (even from my home town) and Falco
My parents paid around 450€/month combined for healthcare
We have horrible [suburban sprawl] where you can't be in nature without seeing a building (except mountains and north eastern Austria)
I could see maybe not wanting to translate "kukaruz" into "Mais" for example, since that's literally not the same language, though I probably would still write "Mais" for something like this since variants of "Moazen/Mais" are much more common to my knowledge and used in my region as well so it doesn't sound totally off
they won't last forever, but your arguments against them are just as stupid.
NEOS |0 | **1** | 0
Meanwhile in Bosnia
They seriously contemplated changing the name, because they had to replace the name-plate so many times
You might counter that with the EU Denmark has achieve unmatched prosperity, however I state that this is the case for both large and small countries and has nothing to do with the miniscule size of Denmark today
more than half of new registered cars are Diesel
idk where you went but in most places its really easy
"Half nine" means we are half the way through the ninth hour
Austria at this time was part of the Bavarian duchy and Ostarrichi certainly was the most Eastern part of Bavarian controlled land
Austria uses some kind of juvenile law till the age of 21.
I'm not saying those people were tourists but it's a possibility.
Post-WW2 Kreisky is probably the only politician that everyone knows
Not just monocultures but also fruit trees from small farmers
Less than 2m distance
From personal experience, I'm mostly used to the Pacific Northwest (where I have family and spent a lot of time) but hearing other dialects, esp
On the countryside it‘s still common in middle schools to teach cooking and housekeeping
It's one of those annoying words that are the same in Spanish, but for one letter
who could have guessed that
Had to google that island, I always love geographical curiosities like that
change starts with you
Here are the stats on police and deaths I could find.
Good, a country with backbone
Let's enter the PIN number in the ATM machine to get some cash money...
is believed responsible for planning an attack on an ambassy, for example of    serbia
tonkatsu ≠ schnitzel
So there isn’t any Anti-Austrian sentiment
Has Northern Ireland finally legalised it too
If you take Hitler out of the game, there isn't really a historic person that comes to my mind
it's honestly just because of sch, which is ʃ
"Blackensippen"
And being open about your salary is generally a good thing since it introduces more transparency into the system
In gymnasium/highschool (ages 10-18) we are given the key to one at the beginning of the year
grün = grian
Probably we should team up this time - for the sake of the old times!
Also, is it weird that I have an EU Flag on my wall
I said: "Haha, we have that same joke, but we usually say *'The Russians are coming
I think most times it‘s just referred to as „und“ (and) or „et“ (and)
Might other things be going in, but here we have the administration being involved in bribery
Yes, absolutely
I thought for a long time that "hash browns" are brownies filled hashish
Probably a route: France -> Switzerland -> Italy (down south and back) -> Austria -> Czech Republic -> Germany -> France (I guess you have to head back to France, because of the rental).
quiet a few everyday, both in the city and the rural region.
Am dam des ran for 3986 episodes
There's always the base crime of rape but there are different levels of severity.
Germany - Piefkinesien
When I'm there I speak Spanish because all my Basque is used up after 2 sentences
But that's also kinda the point I was trying to get at
I mean, you weren't entirely wrong
Random cars can be stopped as well, though this is relatively uncommon
The radical left is very anti-semitic (they say they are only anti-israel, but no, they are completely filled with hate and team up with islamists cause of their common enemy)
I regularly forget german words too
there would be a massive outcry all over
For topics that are usually taught in university courses and schools, sometimes (often
Such a level of brainwashing has rarely been reached
I lived in london for a few months
I have witnessed my fair share of fun discussions about the civil war and Franco
And since the US international keyboard layout is the most complete one, I can still use all the Umlaute and every other special chars
Probably also about ketchup on pizza
Wouldn't it go off in a day
Back then the postal service and railroad (owned by the state) were a pool for people who didn´t really want to work and still enjoy several benefits
Never heard about the others, though.
•Asia
> Mostly not a choice either in Austria
No houses are available in that price range though
Is Anti-German sentiment still a thing in your country
people generally appreciate things more, once they are gone.
I think the Balkan community in Austria is much bigger, has a lot more history dating back to the monarchy and is much more diverse in the public reception
Other words that come to mind:
The first thing I'd say when asked about an unofficial national anthem would be the [Blue Danube Waltz] especially since it was used in lieu of a de facto national anthem when Austria declared its independence in April 1945 because we simply didn't have one for the newly established Second Republic of Austria yet
There is some affordable stuff there too, it's not only villas and shit like that
Says a Spanish person :P
If it is just recreational, I don't see why you should take guns and especially ammo into your home.
British papers, it's kind of Buzzfeed for old people.
So you threw the irish/scottish under the bus because you couldn't properly utilize the benefits the eu brings
Writing right to left, your hand will smear the ink when you write with the left hand
[Blood types] were discovered by  [Karl Landsteiner] though
What kind of idiot would say that
I also have to note that I live on the countryside with my parents, so I may be biased
Austria is a democratic Republic
Etzala fliegst du
Y'all already know
Except when I'm celebrating with friends
Most people just eat noodles/rice with meat.
Rathalos
Das Recht muss der Politik folgen (the law must follow politics)
* The big dog USA currently has a weak, idiotic, and easily manipulated president
I'd probably visit Vienna sometime during the 19th century, when it was still the capital of a great empire
Honestly who cares what religion their ancestors 400 years ago had?
Adolf, just doesn't sound right
>Are you drunk
Yes
Imagine how the Us would react if another country it is not at war with, shot a missile at the US killing Pence
Well i don't follow football but i cheered for England while i was in England
Picnic, but I do like your version
Here's some pics of the parade in [Cologne] [pic2] [pic3] .
Lol I thought you were writing about eating live ones in the second paragraph, but then I luckily read the second sentence
how do you he is Scottish
thank you for the information
Who is us
What I can think of is that the "lein" in Fräulein or Kind-lein is used to belittle something, similar to "Chen"
Austria had its own fascist government at the time
Assad and Russia is the only thing that stands between an Islamic dictatorship and the following.
>I can sing quite well but I cant yodel for shit, despite being a native german speaker
Well he did do the austro-hungarian ausgleich, transforming the austrian empire into the austro-hungarian empire, and atleast at the end of his reign, he was generally beloved by his people
In Vienna, for example, it's more about 10% Turkish people, which is hardly insignificant considering they are not the only immigrant group.
Can you answer that ? Or is there noting ?
Basically Batman gone from 'Nolan' to full 'Schumacher'?
The "threat" that the headline refers to is about a tax-war and more US style policies:
Spain: Spanish people are really outgoing and in general easiegoing
An Austrian that is not complaining
German has plenty of words with double a.
The second one is great
It's a mix of people not littering, enough trash cans (e.g.
The place where everyone has his own private cave!
Are there any official communication channels from the EU commission, that give details about what that deal will most likely include, or what has been negotiated so far
Not killing people isn't that hard.
Also don't know any details about Gothenburg in Sweden which is a few spots above it (bit it does sound familiar at least)
Oh, so East Thrace is suddenly not a part of Europe anymore?
It's all in good fun
I was in Tromsø this time last year - sadly we weren't around when the [reindeer race] happend
Glasses are a few hundred years older than you apparently think
First Head of Parliament, a Socialdemocrat, steps down from his position (most likely) so he can vote in a potential re-vote
is that good health care infrastructure in your eyes
"Oh, it´s time". :D
Austria isnt grantig enough
This blew up our right-wing government, made him loose all his positions and income, and there's multiple investigations going on
Cearșaf, ciorapi and cișmea made their way into Romanian as well
The question was not about the number of foreign languages but of "languages" - so, counting German in.
Sadly, we introduced it again and then years later banished it again, so France was the first country to banish it forever
Sundown today is at 16:03 google tells me
Cake and Christmas cookies
Watching tv, playing lego/with barbies, running around in the forest, playing with other children in the village, going around by bike
Those are all surely signs of a truly ‘enlightened’ society
I would add "very sarcastic", especially the typical Viennese sense of humour
&#x200B;
The EU is already working on fixing this mess for quite some time independent of Trump.
They are culturally non-Europeans.
Austria has some tough work before it!
I've seen quite a few Johnnies in Bolivia too
Really
(Last election: 8,1%, 15/183 seats)
Really
Next to a teenage girl from sweden
AFAIK dumpling bread and potato dumpling originate in Austria/Bavaria/Czechia
Andreas Hofer is popular in West Austria for his resistance against Bavaria and Napolean
Orange: Physics
I think American Football is much bigger and has a better shot at becoming a mainstream sport (although both probably never will).
Also people are not just annoyed by her being pushed everywhere, but also how the message is conveyed and what it has become, as usual caring for the environment comes with baggage that has absolutely nothing to do with it
Since the president often is the only directly elected person/position this is rather important.
Der "Witz" besteht meiner Meinung nach darin, wie einfach und automatisch manche Leute in das Vor-der-Obrigkeit-buckeln verfallen.
Furniture Museum
I don't really think so
thank you, I've thought about rebalancing in yearly intervals if the difference between the target allocation and the actual allocation exceeds more than 5 percentage points
Hate to be the nitpicker, but isn't that an artefact
One of the most well known military marches in austria, it's even played on our national day, as well as at the big new year's concert every year
You are more likely to find them in the first district.
It always confuse the hell out of me.
ketër- [ketər]
I Like English a lot
^Cardinal ^direction ^irrelevant
And when corrected to the right "known joke" became stubborn
> Calling stuff gay
The Yalta Conference was disgusting
* Der Gefangene floh
Laut Polizei soll der Täter ein junger Deutscher sein; Augenzeugenberichte, wonach es sich um einen südländischen Mann handeln soll, dementierte die Polizei.
They must be mandatory unless you cannot have them due to allergies, age, or illness, PERIOD
It's necessary to keep the neutral status
It is not a single country and rather a subregion of Europe, but I am very interested in Scandinavian history
Made me feel ill
You can get a country flair on the right
My last and biggest crush is Germany
without (Wohin gehst du/Wohin gehst du denn), perfectly clear".
Austria is looking damn good
I know people my age who drink so much every weekend that they pass out or have a blackout, there are no real consequences and alcohol is also easily accessible
having a van in the family, this would be way more common than somebody owning a truck (also you'd not be able to use it to transport stuff in winter or when it rains
Thats because deep in your heart you know they are right in calling Palatschinken Palatschinken, and not Ham and Eggs or Kasnockerl..
Maybe also Blaschke Kokoskuppeln, Tortenecken and Baumstämme...
Some sort of Montessori Kindergarten without any form of authority involved.
What a tiny dick you have, lmao
It's what, the fourth or fifth time now the King's of the USA are trying to murder NN, and they just keep trying until people grow tired of protesting
We get so many spanish students where I live that spanish is also useful.
We were read that book in kindergarten.
Sometimes those were even politicized as "foreign" (Slovenian in Carinthia - "Ortstafelstreit"), even though those ethnicities/language groups lived there since hundreds of years and even have a constitutional right to be treated just like German
Hey, already the second American in Austria here on askeurope, welcome :)
The President basically can pick any Citizen over 16 to be Chancellor
I wouldn't say he's a villain here, most people probably don't know him
2) Boil the potatoes until soft and mash them
How many weeks/months did you calculate for that?
Strange, my go-to indian restaurant here has quite a lot of option that I would consider on the healthy side
Also, I'm pretty sure German police has a few Porsches too
Do any of you people even read?
ISIS shot down a russian plane full with russian tourists last year.
Deine Landsleute immer wieder mal zum Beispiel
adding this for others: both types get eaten; bunnies raised by humans for their meat as well as hares as a type of game meat, the latter mostly as a festive dish in autumn
Probability is just in favour of that.
That's the reason why there aren't that many religious people in Europe
This is the kind of thing grandmothers fight about, it depends on what you want your dough/apricot ratio to be
Everything over 8 hours by train (or a lot of changing trains) I'll take the plane
During the conflict, some infantry began shouting, "Turci
It means no but yes, essentially, is that the same for you
* [Oldtown of Salzburg]
She was our former PM and also former European deputee
The runoff was in favour of him, yeah.
10^9 works for both - milliard and billion
'dicke Eier' haben = having fat balls means to be horny for some time already without getting any release
And even for northern Germany it's a stretch
Especially the students of schools that teach widespread languages are perceived as having better chances of attaining a higher paid job, as the foreign language ones are usually one of the better (high)schools in town
Serbs/ other ex-Yugo folks (?) sometimes use it in graffitis here
To add to all that, the house sits on the shores of Loch Ness
oh and in winter, wearing high visibility clothing is important, have had a few close calls already
Styria jokes are are very common in states that border Styria
This is my personal theory on this
Idk which exactly
Lidl has the better meat selection though
There's all these myth about what went wrong when the explanation is pretty simple.
I certainly have more things but it is late and I am tired
They did
And when Blackford called May a liar he was immediately asked to take it back or to be removed from the session
The FPÖ (party of Hofer) has focused on one subject the last couple of decades and that's problems with foreigners and immigration
On top of that pronunciation and spelling are nothing less than a mess
Don’t know what you learned in history but this might trigger something
Or you know, being a part of the Austrohungarian Empire for about 400 years
Yeah you are right, it should be " I have gone/I have been to"
Their elevators and escalators are pretty common
From one part of the HRE to another
I actually was ignorant how the long nights/days look like in the northernmost parts of the world
They did a study and came up with a ridiculous number of files that are apparently saved on every storage so now you have to pay some extra euros when buying empty CDs, SD cards, PCs with internal hard drives, hard drives, a smart watch,... and that money goes to artists without them providing anything to the people who pay that stupid fee
It was renamed Ostmark with the reasoning it is a made up country
above-above is just an English/internet/keyboard convention, and doesn't have to do anything with the meaning
dünn=thin, thanks=Danke, think=denken, etc
Whichever it is, you can see, they really like to make an impression
Came here to post that
Are you sure you‘re not talking about the Anschluss right now that happened int 1938 that made Austria be german in the first place
Sounds great just like Italian and I could watch some films/series without subtitles
The UK's EEA membership is tied to its status as a signatory of the treaties.
Yes, a bit, if your are beyond puperty age.
The dumplings are steamed instead of cooked and served with a shitton of butter and poppy seeds mixed with powdered sugar
Not to forget the family zone which is the complete opposite of quiet
There are areas of Austria (mostly along the sothern/southeastern border) that have special provisions like bilingual schools and kindergartens and signs for the Slovenian, Hungarian and Croat minorities
If there is another war and the only country that escapes the madness is China eveyone is going to speak Chinese.
"Laberl" mit langem "a" oida
Don’t your doors lock automatically when you close them
She also declared Multikulti dead a decade ago.
take ireland for example, the position of Taoiseach gets translated as "prime minister" even though the position is only comparable to that of a prime minister in Anglo countries (and nowadays, often doesn't get translated at all)
Yeah I remember that
It all starts with corruption
I'd be surprised if an exit tax was legal (according to EU law), when moving from one EU country to another.
Brno was long time home to German speaking Czechs for nearly thousand years
Well, the k.u.k did a lot of fcked up shit in the first world war
Don't believe the other guy
Every time someone puts a bottle of a selfmade one on the table they say „but this is a good one“. I automatically assume it will be a terrible mixture of petroleum and fruit
Is this really a common sentiment
As others have said, race isn't as important here as in the US, and you aren't really forced to decide or identify as something.
Sauce is disgusting
&#x200B;
I love the Scandinavian languages and I've done a little bit of Danish and Swedish on duolingo...
Even greener
If you like electricity production statistics, I give you electricity production statistics:
So looking at shit like this, the term hardly applies.
Of course the German one
It probably has a better reputation in Austria than most of Western Europe
European countries have very restricted carry laws.
Schwabs in particular are known for not being flashy
Oh and *Glock*, but i'm not sure that qualifies as unknown
I don't know how many winners there were, or how many interested facilities in the first place though
Ja, genau, so ein kleines Standl das tut als obs zum (sehr superen) Lokal daneben ghören würde
Never know ASML was Dutch
The Reichskreise were created by Maximilian of Austria for administrative reasons during the Reichsregiment and not at all a homogeneous territory
No he didn't, and that's honestly one of the major flaws in the communication of environmentalism these days
Lebtog bedeutet das ganze Leben lang
Pretty sure "Der Komissar" was very famous, Austria's first chart #1 in the US since Mozart
Sure does happen
The Via Claudia Augusta runs right through my town and the beautiful valley around it
Stefan Zweig - The Royal Game
Well the Grasser Corruption case was in the media a lot
It was bizzare how the narrator read the dialogue between 2 persons
Voila, you have Apfelsaft gespritzt, or how they call it in Germany "Apfelschorle"
Ah okay
And how many people's death did he cause?
It's not that there is none at all as the Bundestag Members are elected and the Land gouvernments selecting the electors are legitmised as well, but I'd prefer a direct election of the head of state as well.
HOWEVER, the education at a Neue Mittelschule is definitely not at the level of an average Gymnasium
I'm not a real foodie either, so to me they all taste very similar, and any mushroom-based dish could actually be made from [Champignons/agaricus] that you can buy for $2/pound in any grocery store.
Turkey is definitely not in the EU, same as Serbia, Bosnia, Macedonia and so on.
&#x200B;
&#x200B;
Most people look at me weird when they take a close look at my signature because my "b" is still cursive and not printed-like
I can't not, also love the ballet scenes and the little historical tidbits, because many of them I don't know usually
&#x200B;
Daarvan merk ik niet veel
It's been a running gag in Austria over the last year
It doesn't matter where the people come from, as long as they're eligible to vote, their vote should count as much as everyone else's. The people of New York or California are not a monolith, just because they have bigger numbers doesn't mean they should handicapped in comparison to other states
Sorry for how Carnithia has treated the Slovenian minority
You can get reticulated pythons, burmese pythons, Green tree pythons and most tarantulas (even exotic ones like a P. striata) instantly
there is a lot to unpack, let's put it like that
I'd say the whole barrio del Carmen as well
I'm not upset about anything, you are just babbling along unrelated things, that's all
Why do so many people drive to Vienna?
"Pregame" in English
They can cause life threatening fevers and complications
Similar to doggie instead of dog or ringlet instead of ring
Freude
Also there is an alternative in the
Now, the inner workings of this are rather shady and smell more of political intrigue than anything else.
I'll take Matteo Guendouzi and 1£
You might wanna double-check that statement.
If it was up to me I'd make Vienna the connecting station
Jesuitenkirche (Church)
But the weirdest part of it by far has to be the musician group
Has to be selective somehow, as Switzerland also participates but they are listed as 0
The only defense is to keep the people from trying it
It only happens in very rare cases like a huge flood
I think our equivalent are german tourists getting killed by cows
) So the US is still far away from an improvement
Meanwhile, the Washington Post has Erdogan write articles for them, praising his actions
>Spanish because it can be useful in the world
If you shit exclusively on a mountaintop it would end up downhill anyways
Graz where I lived for a Long Time comes from Gradec, has slavic Origin and is the dimutiv of Castle, so it's little Castle
FIFA and the IOC both have their HQ in Switzerland
"Hands up
In reality, the Allies (especially the Soviet Union aka the second Mongol Empire) were just as bad as the Axis
They are more or less just holes in the ground, some barely fit a grown up human, others are many meters long but almost none of them allow to stand upright
But i do appreciate my cheese slicer
It's not "hardcore hate", it's simply politics.
The Fort itself or it's surroundings?
It wasn't mindless bible reading or singing religious songs or anything like that
Just being inside certain rooms made me feel ill
So I need to catch up on this part massively
" (A rather regional expression i guess)
The one with the rearranged German flag shall shut up now.
Also having worked 30h before I freely admit I am way more productive per hour back then
I met one guy hitting on me and telling me he is from Slovakia and I asked him about it, you know small talk style, and I noticed he always used Slovenian as an adjective to Slovakia
No we Are not on the shortlist yet
There is no point in trying to bring them back
I don't believe Polish men are genetically more likely to bald earlier.
I hate the complainers in my country even more now
En entire animal of some sort in my trunk as I assume this is some sort of apocalypse simulation
Then there is a medieval castle thats a great place to take a hour long walk to
The problem I've got with religion in the US is that churches and religions have a huge influence on for example laws, which just shouldn't be the case
Finding interesting events or happenings is quite difficult when you are traveling and craving for something not that touristy
In local dialect we'd say "na wennst meinst", "von mir aus" or "wenn du des sagst". Those are more passive aggressive though
Deus Vult, I guess
thanks for also caring :)
I am a hunter and this is new to me
Come on, Liechtenstein, we can take them!
Is this like a joke version of the ones that are usually done
It is difficult to pronounce the hard Ch in this word
Why are Italian and Turkish even there?
Du rüttelst am Watschenbaum, ~~Saupreiß~~ lieber nördlicher Stiefcousin
Now a reasonable person would say if I buy a music CD I pay a bit more and that is to cover that
Obviously, break ins do happen here, but they almost always target family-homes in villages, when the occupants arent there
I think you're just too lose to France ;)
How is it in your country
I think it's because of the existing Magister title and a lack of need for Universities after completing HTLs (= Higher Technical Education Institute).
Don't forget Kickl
Of course you should be looking both ways, but on which lane a car will cross your trajectory plays an important role in estimating whether it is safe to cross or not.
Lollygagging
But I could imagine it would go really well in Czechia or Slovakia
Both of these countries are economically unimportant to Austria
Now her second brother probably had it the worst of them all
Why the hell would the USA want an Islamist to be in power?
Well yes, it's not like we have a great assortment of delicious saltwater fish my seafaring friend.
This sounds like an even bigger project
We always get loincloths
The myth is about Figl
Sending the same files again apparently fixed it
once you're 60, mandatory driving tests every 5 years, bam
You can also check out their google reviews
That's what we thought about the last idiot (George W) too...
Seriously the Great Lakes are so gorgeous, I wouldn't mind having those right outside my window hah
It absolutely is our second anthem and sums up a lot about us Austrians
Well, shoulnd't the question be rather if the content of the article is true or false?
Well, there's "Gesinde" (workers at your place) or "Gesindel" (unwanted people in general).
Palmbuschen are those things you make during Easter where you combine Palmkätzchen and 6 other kinds of twigs
I love living in Austria
Puts them off their script every time
This leads to the sentiment by some people that all Americans should just leave Europe - no matter if you're in a military posting, a diplomat or just some random guy that some company hired and sent to Austria
Historians almost universally loathed it
Yes it does need a lot of cream, but it does taste good
Italy: the food, the way of life and how they celebrate all things good about living, the cars and motorbikes (yes, these too, and for entirely different reasons than the German ones)
and conservatives all over the world keep saying: nothing to see here, climate change is the product of a lying lobby of enemies of the west!
I knew Tatars exist because the Crimean Tatars were mentioned in the news several times regarding what is happening on the Crimea pen-insula.
Dos Nutella
So Ostmark was really only used officially from 1938 to 1945 and maybe inofficially a short time around that window
Es kann nicht sein
Edit: Oh, and i forgot scottish
What is the goal of reducing debt when the underlying corruption doesn't change?
It's like watching yourself in a funky fun house mirror
we need more of this kind of stuff
I am 26 and living in Vienna
Well, I dont know my neighbors - otherwise no family or friends who *really* cook
Many moderate conservatives didn't vote because, well Trump.
So u in anarchy
I'd replace Kurz with Sanna Marin instantly
Poznań in Poland
But only because I make it a point to regularly exit my filter bubble and go looking for different news outlets
In any other case (non-business calls) it would be a regular greeting ("Hallo", "Griasdi", "Servas"....etc)
It's because we usually add new buildings to really old ones, but this was built new from the ground up, so it all looks really modern
Well when it comes to investment news sites like gevestor many people here (including me) will probably rather discourage using them or at least be very careful before you listen to their advice.
Always expect the ÖVP to vote against the best interest of the common worker/employee
Just as the Gas-Container-Stories in syria from bellingcat)
New York - Albany, California - Sacramento, Texas - Houston (???), Washington - Washington DC
Then I can try to find the statistics for Austria...
As the BBC had to quote some American on water and airplanes, I switched to the [livestream of France 24] which is actually understandable with moderate French skills
Ear plugs for the first hour whenever you take a train west from Vienna help somewhat
Mayne it's slightly slower at negotiating than the UK, but still from a more powerful standpoint, since it makes up pretty much half of the developed world
Straight up 4 minutes self mocking!
Let's hope the casualties don't go up
Hans Solo sounds like an the name of an Austrian Schlager musician
No such thing as a "moderate" in that death cult
I.e. the Freedom Party
Mh, after over 30 years something new would be fun
Same situation, existed as forenoon, not common anymore though
Like who are they doing this for
If anything, Vienna would surrender *you* , not the other way around.
we can call a hard disk just "disk", because we have our own word if we just mean the shape
once their debt reaches a critical level they'll have to default but honestly, this concept of repaying debts is so 1920's.
And I'm spoilt, here in Vienna we get spring water directly from the alps
I waved at her and shouted "Hey Mam do you need a seat
Guys very often wear long sleeved shirts, and women for some reason tend to have a faible for high-plateaued shoes [like this] or [this] No idea why
Yes, I watch it every year with my dad
I have seen "poorlack" used as an even more derogatory term
Ordering just coffee is not specific enough for Austrian standards.
somehow my mind reads it as "FANCLUB2020" and i was confused
if things are really big, nothing beats renting a dedicated car
I'm very interested in languages and therefore in hearing what your most common problem is when speaking English and whether it's connected to your native language.
So Mozart is from Salzburg
Is there a place where there isn't one?
", Meaning that you just start something to get going and then decide on details during the process
Read Through the entire article.
Also no such thing as a dumb question, it's the purpose of the sub after all
Yes, that'd be totally different in Austria, maybe even the other way around since everyone in Austria, except for many Viennese, speaks a dialect and has an accent.
For me the greek/roman/hellenic(?) influence and their male sun gods and female moon godess always felt vaguely not right
Don't say that
I work as a receptionist and I am so done being coughed at and getting sick because desinfectting your hands after shaking them is/was frowned upon
Like, the tongue has to move from the very front to the very back of the mouth in an instant
Es ist nicht immer 100%ig klar wer da jetzt "die Bösen" sind auf die man mit dem Finger zeigen kann und das macht es oft schwierig
* Italy maybe bc of WW1 and WW2
For these people, not owning a car and having a small, old and "sensible" phone is preferable to the "white and gold" of Apple products
A 100m² flat in Innsbruck usually costs around 1400€.
I can't yodel and I've never worn our traditional costume
My mind is just not up for it on New Year's Day
Or Red Bull
I meant Amerika, maybe it happened with Mein Land too but I only remember the discussion from Amerika.
Is it a common thing to swim from denmark to sweden
the second one; the first one is a general phenomenon in all german speaking countries i think
> For private calls in Austria most people answer the phone by saying their family name
Austrian Empire, this might sound like i am a fascist/monarchist but "Österreich" has empire in its name and it makes translations weird (even thought this is kind of true, dont take it serious, i would not want the name changed)
I have a certain amount of sympathy for Russia.
Yes, I metaphorically kicked him in the face and I have not/will not ever date someone from France again
/r/shittyhdr
Not really, they did it themselves
Jugendtickets are different
Saying that the USA are an example of worse health care is just the truth
Because with the far-right I think many at least genuinely care for the future of their countries and Europe
Watch more ARD, ZDF and you'll probably discover it isn't any different from what the Germans get these days
\+ you get the very nice positive effect that the afternoons/evening have sun
feels kinda weird in my head
German:
Not sure if it's also used in Germany but in Austria we also say 'Spring vu ana Bruggn' (Spring von einer Brücke) - Jump off a bridge
The law is very lax
This guy countrysides
His sick wife was left behind and had to do all the hard farm work on her own
That may seem unnecessary to you and it is unnecessary for the base crime but for a harsher punishment it is a necessary test.
It‘s really interesting imo
A factory owner needs to compensate by hiring more staff
Went sledding just yesterday
I think usually you say "child pornography". Some people online call it "kiddie porn", but I think that's a disgusting and trivializing term
* the UK should not have 4 entries for sports championships
Ganz in Austria is a really beautiful City
Then she asked me there a lot of stuff we never talked about
But the Dutch are more known for never using their motor brakes and overheating their brakes halfway down a mountain pass.
in slaughtering the Hungarian revolutionaries)
) Either way, at this point it's not an Empire, not in an Empire and it's not really the noteworthy farthest east of anything in particular either as far as I know
Why
Greece got half the money Germany did from the Marshall plan despite being way smaller.
No, I have no idea, because that never happened to me nor did I experience that -  when my 12yr old cousin invites her school friends over to hang out, they often cook or bake something they found on social media or YT, just for fun
Glühmet and Glühcider as well
and of course fucking idiots on the news subs are using this to push their racist agenda wtf
I think the consensus in this sub will be that these are not good investments.
Nope VW was higher for the last few years although I suspect that the exchange rate Euros to dollars has the biggest impact on the exact rankings.
Which isn't to say those internet dictionaries are bad per se
Not possible in Austria, so I'm hoping it will be available in Slovenia
and try to bring northern ireland and all the british parts that are anti brexit with you
It's all gotten way too complex.
Freakin' hipsters from Berlin...
I never saw anyone put books in them, for those we had a row of small cabinets in the back of the classroom, like those ikea shelfes but with doors
Maybe you just ate other unhealthy food
Never saw it like that
Yeah that's probably the reason why.
California has quite the big conservative population as well, but not big enough to swing federal elections to their favour.
Lederhosen are generally not worn in everyday life
That's a a very different thing.
Oh, no wait
One of these
And that's all
Two of the best stations we have are Arte and 3Sat.
but categories of distance and remoteness work differently here
>ohnehin schon
Haven‘t seen somebody talk about conquering our swiss and liechtensteiner friends yet tho
The way they darken their vowels in general, and pronounce a and á... feels right at home
If it would magically happen with a nice job and everything, then Switzerland
Pushing young adults into military service isn't the only problem I see.
That's amazing
Den neuen Gesundheitsminister als "shit" bezeichnet
Yes, because it would have been removed for the same reason, completly lacking context and we rather have the context of a story than a 140 letter headline.
I really don't think you can say 'they' don't.
>yes, for me too
Finland, July 2020
Only that America created ISIS and had the fabulous decision to arm Syrian rebels.
The main difference to Germany or Austria is, that they don't use standard German for writing and in the media.
They said it's a law from the Austrian Empire and still existing.
I didn’t because I was not a participant
*Kleidung/Kleider* (G-G)
I see them relatively often
And there was a circle jerk of the translation beeing extreme bad
Yes it's absolutely fucking ridiculous, but that never stopped anyone to make uninformed bullshit statements, right
), normal Semmelknödel (made from bread), Tyrolean Speckknödel (same as Semmelknödel, with added Speck), Kartoffelknödel (made from potatos) and I am sure there are many more
Other than that i guess we're rather one of the "good to haves" than the essentials
The South Tyrols in Italy have a different dialect too and I wouldn‘t be surprised if Liechtensteiners also all have different regions with different dialects, despite its size
As far as I know that is due to high iron or nitrate content or high water hardness, all within quality standards though
It's hard to say, there are excellent movies but with a very "Austrian feeling" which isn't appricated much outside of it, on the other hand there are productions which are quite avarage but more international and more popular (Kommisar Rex would fit in that category)
If broadcasted on TV they will be dubbed however - or come from Germany anyways.
Österreich-Ungarn
just import it, domestic plum spirits are called zwetschgenbrand
On my fathers-side my great-grandpa was only in the Wehrmacht
Edit: let me add as a disclaimer: i am not saying anything here is illegal, that would be for the courts to decide
Good point
In which war did the neutral austria participate since ww2
North: North Cape, Norway - 71°10'N
Yes, afaik they do, but none of those are in Austria.
10:15 is Viertel elf (Quarter eleven) 10:30 is Half eleven, 10:45 is three quarters eleven
**The controversial President is said to have had an 'invoice' printed out outlining the sum estimated by his aides as covering Germany's unpaid contributions for defence.**
Nobody cares about native crime because that's there either way and unlikely to change quickly.
Southern Italy was and is shaped by its plantation economy and its history as a foreign cash cow
Eastern Austria: Usually between -5°C and -10°C in Jan/Feb.
Only because of some fast food restaurants and American music on the radio we won't "americanize" our cultures.
People who don't greet back are usually either foreigners (they are kind of excused bc of language, except for Germans ofc), or from Vienna
I pay 13,60€ for 17GB LTE here in Austria
He stops himself, goes back and points at his flagpin that is an EU and UK flag together
com (survival), NeruxVace
Yes it is very much expected
Plain grean salad with vinaigrette *is* savoury
Threads about my country always turn to shit
Eastempire
The first neighbor is my cousin, the second one organized me a job that i needed to finish school and his wife is related to the wife of my cousine (the one on the other side)
-people with an attitude
england and italy are some of the worst.
In that sentence there are a lot of pieces you can abbreviate very easily
I'd take one of our national symbols.
They were really pretty :(
I only learned not too long ago, that Mohnflesserl with salt on it only appear to be common in my area (upper Austria) and not all around Austria
May appointed him to this position for this specific purpose, and he is doing a stellar job so far.
I've been there with school
Don't ever ask again about Braunau
Angalling longs nochad mit da kulturellen annäherung.
As a non-native speaker, I agree with you
Edith: vorarlbergian "Grammar"
I actually see no downsides to living here and don’t understand the people who prefer living on the countryside for reasons other than medical ones (too much stress or noise in the city, maybe bad air quality or smth like that)
Walliserdeutsch has also retained a lot declension forms which other German dialects including Standard German have lost over the years.
The first documented mention of Austria dates back to 980ish
I definitely ain't though
I would support it, if there is a way to mark one citizenship as your "main" one with some massively easier way to switch that one for one of the others you have, at least when it comes to other rights than pure travel
What do you mean by „Austria is the balkans of the german world“? Do you mean language wise we have a whole ass other language nobody understands
I used to think it was South-German specific.
This was just posted in our country sub:
I remember that
After all, he saved hundreds of thousands from death and rape
I never said that it was invented in Turkey, far from it, but still feel it's important to specify that this is Turkish law, not a general type of law similar all over the world.
But in the countryside many people still have their own well
Yes
Among immigrants and refugees burkhas and similar are not a thing.
I should rewatch Malcolm in English
No education at all, just sad ads for charity
Also I think the city is very beautiful and has certain aspects not every big city has, for example the "old Danube" which is like an oasis in the middle of the city
and while I can accept that things work differently somewhere else, and people might just eat and then continue on to their next destination for the evening, I really really miss just staying where you are, relaxing and enjoying each other's company
Reddit karma is stupid, the only thing that matters is real world, steam user levels and WoW achievements.
I am in the USA from time to time for business, and there are a few places I could imagine living in
Can't you still get paper tickets in Tallinn when you buy directly from the driver
Well well, as an Austrian I can only say: The two of us are Pinky and Brain
now that you are germany, you have to pay :)
But they also believe that Austria somehow is a fake state and in reality it's still the first republic or the empire, but I don't really know much about that
Öxit is the only one I saw actually used.
Germany, Czechia, Turkey/Ottomans, Hungary and France probably
Not really, teachers are usually relatively free to do what they want
Zahts di gach in so 5 Minuten hinta da Jet a bier einestoin
Politics is condensed to a they vs
It's actually a nice story
Aber wehe die armen Muslime werden verbal attackiert.
Öxit is pretty cool as well
It happens all the time when abroad..
Edit: Thank you all for the comprehensive answers
"Alpla" : apparently they are among the world leading companies in plastic packaging
It's quite nice to hike the low difficult tracks in Snow
That's kind of how the voting system sets it up to.
Sodium (Na) is "Natrium". Potassium (K) is "Kalium".
some really basic things from my parents, not as a "talk" though, but just as an honest answer to questions I was asking
Centuries under Ottoman rule weren't kind to the region as the Ottoman's rule was extractive instead of transformative
That we had a fascist dictatorship and a civil war before the Nazis came
And if we are talking high school level, it's probably French or something ;)
19° - 20°, that's comfortable for me
On no wait, that's not an invasion, it's Anschluss
Well, I guess some parts of the bigger cities in Austria aren't exactly inviting places at night, but there are no outright no-go zones, far from it actually.
KommR i. R. Dipl
Nur einer mit automatisch sperrender Tür dabei
Yes, solvents are used in different applications.
(I personally don't like it, though)
The choice was between "does the best for the country" and "someone else could do it better".
Don't call us German, you won't make any friends
I'm a bit suprised many here don't take baths, I try to get one once a week, usually it's just I don't have enough time for it or I'm to fucking tired
Like ... even those places that show up on far-out zoom levels ... you go in and it's like three hovels cowering together
Saying historical documents are falisified and thus extinction events have not happend is not a view you can comment on
As a gullible kid I used to think they spoke Latin in Latvia
Tokyo, Kyoto, Osaka, Yokohama, Susuka, Toyota, Kobe, Nagasaki, Hiroshima, Fukushima
500€ yes, but never ever 200€
Came here to say this
What is wrong in montenegro
>Is there a "law" in Germany where you have to give priority for the car going upwards
Kren, Gelsen, Erdäpfel, Polster, Spatzen (no, not the bird) to name a few words my German friends often ask me about
Oh like "a well regulated militia"
> - the French ~~police, probably~~
I am decent in German and can hold a conversation without much problem, but it’s really hard for me to be funny or to understand jokes
How could you not put milk in the fridge
An exception to all that are songs with creative lyrics in my mother language, which I appreciate especially when they're using local dialect
They are not a good sample group to represent their country.
Their high time was between 1000 and 800 years ago
There are barely highspeed trains here, but there are sometimes special offers for international trains ("Eurocities") which are quite good and can't compite with the cost of going there by car.
"Er aber, sag's ihm, er kann mich im Arsche lecken
I don't see this as a downside
Secondly it can be facilitated through local climate, and it's also influenced by available housing and shelter systems, but also by common-sense stuff like building layout/zoning (no shops that sell alcohol near entrances, etc)
You're also home to my favourite racetrack Spa-Francorchamps and of course the best chips
I still don't understand why they felt the need to make a German dub for what is basically a trilingual movie that is already ~30% in German, with some fantastic German-speaking actors at that (August Diehl just appears in one scene, but it's arguably the second best scene in the movie and he completely steals it)
Kurz is not currently Chancellor of Austria, [Brigitte Bierlein] is
You sure have many beautiful cities in your country
I couldn't agree more
haha, take mercy on croatia over here.
From glorious Empire to (possibly) crumbling Kingdom in just about 100 years.
We were all playing yu-gi-oh and German and English cards were both common
Like three or through
Thanks to Switzerland for Rösti and being my partner‘s homeland
Just put it in a seperated part and just dip it
If you´d ask me I´d say no, but my intuition has been right quite a few times when travelling abroad and unknowingly having them around me (before hearing them talk of course, which confirmed my assumptions)
He reacted with: the one over there 10 min away from (other village) up that one mountain
They apparently think this is a typical viennese dish, but nobody here knows why
Then it'd need to be dangerous waste, general waste (i.e. what a house produces) we use for production
I stopped saying my name for numbers I don't know long ago
-**proper electrical plug or adapter**. and by proper I mean type F, long live the Schuko
**OK, to finally clear up the confusion (mostly my own), I made this:**
Let's make that after 1938
Looking at the Norwegian border, you don't have _anything_ there to start with ;)
She was an Bavarian duchess, yeah, it's even the movie
During the era inbetween losing Skane and losing Norway Denmark waged so many wars that failed that the state was on the constant verge of bankruptcy
There have been studies saying that if you count all business etc that we make because of the EU, we still profit - but if you just count "how much money we pay to the institutions and how much money they invest into Austrian", we're losing money
•Antarctica
Ah, ok
Wars have been started for lesser offences
If Bulgaria is small, what are we
Fiaker (horse carriage) ride in Vienna
at or something, even if it goes to some gmail account in the brackground
I know a thing or two about foreign policy, believe me.
just tell me ONE of our neighbors we could actually fight against/defend ourselves against if we needed to!
[Weil der Mensch zählt] (Austria)
Even if you narrow it down to west Germanic it still includes the Dutch and the English.
Lol
> Iași
We have a very intimate love-hate relationship
taking over Austria was the only logical step
stabbings happen a lot
* Alexander Van der Bellen, former leader of the Green Party, running as an independent
Austrian here
even so, I am not AH
Teabags are very, very common
You guys have gay spars
Or are you talking about another case?
Most germans are begging me to speak propper german, i mean ... why should i speak propper german if i allready speak a superiour version of german
The german version of Oradea is Großwardein (=big was your)
Just the Germans that are controlling us
Just Like in Austria
See France and Russia staying in place \*phew\*
Even in small villages here everyone has a car, there are street lights, supermarkets and what not.
When someone treats you poorly, for example in a relationship, you can say „es geht sich nicht aus“ emotionally
0 in WWIII
We got away with it because the allies *decided so*. The idea that Austria would be framed as a victim was drawn up by the allies in 1943 - so that they could build a neutral block in the center of Europe, next to Switzerland
I guess the chavs don't make it to Austria that much.
Das ist doch Susan
if I go to the post office I use my driver's license or student id, if I go abroad I use my passport
It definitely wasn't cheap, but not much worse than Austria (doesn't help that groceries are pretty expensive in Austria as well)
One person driving from let's say Vienna to Venice costs more than 2 people flying there and back again and it's much longer
Wos moanstn hiatz domit
Last weekend I went skiing, today I'm outside in a T-Shirt
He was from the US and came to Salzburg (Austria) to study trumpet at the university
We do it twice to be sure
police only confirmed "long guns" until now without any more details
Don't call Austrians eastern europeans.
First he is Austrian and second it can't qualify if it's purely satirical
So why is there no vote or something like that against it
Are there any separatist movements in your country and what are their chances of succeeding?
a few massively upvoted posts and no political consequences
The two most important steps in the recipe are to let the bread dough soak for half an hour, and to not boil the heck out of the dumplings but just simmer them
The EU-Ukraine Association Agreement really valued the people more than economics right
The swings to right often came unannounced.
Your country is beautiful, your food is excellent and it's decidedly low-key
Lüneburg
So here are the ones I think are pretty significant:
Prost *clink*
There are lots of open jobs in Austria and Germany, tell your relatives to learn proper German and go for it.
An englishmen asked me what my favourite light-beer is
Bitte wer wäre das
But in general you'll see loads, your ex roommate must've lived in a special bubble if that's how he perceived it
Also the complete lack of Congress and Senate term limits, almost completely unlimited freedom for social media providers to control public opinion and spread false information without repercussion, the fact that elected officials are sparsely to not at all held accountable for corruption and spreading lies and conspiracy theories
That is the most Romanian way I can imagine to answer this question
Geneva convention also allows countries to volunteer in housing refugees as long as they are properly treated.
my english teacher always told that joke, nice memories tho, now he is dead due to his weight
I believe Kurz has hit a high as of now that he's not going to top
Yes
^^Deus ^^Vult
Also, Zaragoza is the only city name in Spain, where every single vocal is stressed ;)
other stories of more elaborate pranks include breaking into the school and barricading all entrances with the school furniture; running through the school building when there's still school and barging into classrooms, either shooting water guns or throwing candy into classrooms of the lower-level students
If you go by that Mozart is actually German
It's ridiculous in a *good way*.
And he was damn right about that
I always learn new words for different things
Most governments that I know of consider the settlements to be illegal and have been doing so for decades.
I don't know why (i haven't even been to paris) but somehow I also was in total shock yesterday, as if something terrible happened to me personaly
Short hair
However it's very expensive, makes for a bad surface, requires loads of maintenance.
Seriously, those three are great places...Brussels on the other hand might be one of the most boring cities I've ever been to, but that's just a personal opinion (although shared by many).
They are all young guys (<26) who took up blue collar jobs
I am playing Savoy, gona be fun ^ ^
Why would you lie about something so embarrassing though
BUT A GERMAN
I would honestly like to know how many Power Plants are close to complete failure
I think you need to brush up your WW2 history, bud
One valid objection that I understand is aligning the Swiss direct democratic and federalist systems with the EUs legislative process
Dietrich of Bern, as a mythical version of Theodoric the Great, has more tights to northern Italy and the Huns
the buildings around are normal sized
I'm not sure how it's going to be today, we had a minor controversity because the minister of Justice was born in former Yugoslavia and fled with her parents to Austria, but it was really minor
I'd say us Brits are born with a cup of tea in our hands
KfzAbstlPl for example is a parking space PzWkstKp is the military company running the tank garage etc.
Wage: 3
Same anywhere in the world when people realize you are Austrian instead of German they become nicer
But before
Just money, although Spanish is a beautiful language imo
We stretch the o much more than English does
- the public transport is shit, there's like one train going there per day
Still my favourite expression of all time
Then I know that Swarovski Kristallwelten and the Brotmuseum
it is not the whole world that lives in un-confucian anarchy
Personally, I'd never go through the hassle of driving in a huge city that I don't know.
The more I learn about Slovenia in this sub, the more I see how many similarities we have.
Those poor civil servants, so awkward!
I know what you're talking about
Why the hell would anyone do something like that
Tysillo and the red cave
Well, not exactly, it's downhill, Super G, Giant Slalom, Slalom, Combination, Super Combination and Team Events combined -> Also called alpine skiing
* [Ancient and Primeval Beech Forests of the Carpathians and Other Regions of Europe]
Buying and selling cars within EU should be easier
I'm not a Schlager fan at all but Griechischer Wein is a master piece
Does /r/europe provide psychological counseling for mods that have to read shitposts all day?
Hofer is in one of those groups and proud of it
We use it really really much and the meaning can vary
there is a head office in Austria and several factories, thats why many consider it as an Austrian company
Lots of idiotic memes too
There is an episode in Scrubs where they have a patient who only speaks German, and the blonde Doctor (I forgot her name sry) is the only one who knows the language
Everyone is shitty
( You, lucky Austria, marry
Since it's South-German it is very close to Austria and reports on us more frequently than others as far as I am aware and it is also widely respected (iirc it was the newspaper that was initially approached with the data from the Panama leak)
Often in the morning the area is covered in fog
mess with one, you mess with all of us
I'd say every fascist is insane
source: study in sweden right now
What Sturgeon is doing is shameful.
Both turned around and ran away
The whole political process in the US is a clownery through and through
(i grew up speaking a Bavarian dialect)
4) Form dough into a roll and cut off discs
You got it
I really don't understand what Russia would gain from attacking one of your countries.
Just thinking about all the love, devotion and work that was put into this building over the years makes me tear up a bit
At said ceremony, the commander of the villages Wehrmacht soldiers should "bless" the upcoming building process by hitting the first of the foundament plates to be laid down with a hammer, something along the lines of "three hits for the Führer". In his enthusiasm, he hit the plate so hard that it broke apart
That is said by the media but not confirmed(yet).
They are still fighting corruption and there's no sign of a peaceful reintegration of Donbas
Edit: autocorrect typo -.-
You make it sound like that's a bad thing
Bilbo is the largest city though
Even nowadays the American military flies through our air space.
I'm not sure both variants are used, but definitly mostly in old print/typewriter.
Yes
I'm glad of that, tbh
Found it on 4chan someone commented it, and i saved it in my reaction folder
But I think it is not that easy to find Austrians that cook dishes from scratch
Well I have both an Android and an iPhone so I needed something that works on both
Do you really think that comparing a modern situation to something 75 years away makes for a good point?
- it doesn't have *any* cities, and its capital town is in Hungary
What a stupid argument and comparison to Hitler
Du hast eine schlaue Mutter, hoffentlich ist der Bua a so schlau ;)
Italian tales of heroism
Half of the party take a progressive stance, the other half are more restrictive about it
It's not talked about much and I didn't learn a lot about it in school
It depends on the economic situation of the parents too of course, but charging the kids rent if you're wealthy as it is and the rent barely registers on the bank account anyway just seems cruel tbh
Being snotty bullies is something you also encountet in the more rural parts of the country
B: "Bist du deppert oder was
A Festmeter isn't stacked
Everyone is bad
And by the way, it's Fleischkas and not Leberkas.
Vienna is still a safe city despite the influx of questionable individuals.
He never got married, because he doesn't trust anybody enough
Edit: at the Border of Styria and Burgenland , near a big city 400
Hofer is far-right, but not a Neo-nazi
Nowadays, unless you want to work for the Basque government (i.e. govt official, health care, education, judicial system etc
Are there any tensions between Brazil and Greece for whatever reasons?
yes that is leberkäs ...
Croatia bemused
I wonder if "obese" means the same as "overweight" for the purpose of this report.
I have been asked by family members from rural regions what kind of weapons I wear use to survive the constant attacks in Vienna
Neither of my two grandparents did much during the war
That's probably the most interesting alternative history timeline to me
that fountain looks like it's a dude with a moustache..
My school had mostly separate gym classes simply because girls wanted to do other stuff.
The 626 million is a fact, and it is expected to rise(if nothing really unexpected happens) - I'm not arguing about that.
It’s the same in German - what pisses me of most is that they don’t even get the declensions and conjugations rights - it’s not “ja meine Herr die Auto ist da” it’s “ja mein Herr das Auto ist da” - I mean - I don’t expect a translator to go through every movie script but I am sure there are enough native german speakers in Hollywood that this can be solved with a simple phone call
- Basic-oxygen steelmaking, also known as Linz-Donawitz-steelmaking was developed in Linz, by a Swiss engineer
While eating nothing but amphetamines and pine buds for a week
As someone living near Passo stelvio...
The people who don't want to entirely disallow women to vote want to restrict it to only married women, because then their husbands can tell them what to do.
It was what ultimately divided Europe in half for nearly 50 years
Kinda like IRA or ETA, but Corsican
May I introduce you to A[ustrian Standard German]
And in the alphabet A and H aren‘t really similarly, maybe a lil bit, and in words not at all
Pintxo, Pintxo bere izena du
You have to have total control over society and the economy.
At least in Austria
The anti racism story in there is also great
When I went to the US, someone told me that a friend of them went to Germany and thought it would be funny if he did the Hitler salute when getting off the plane
Definitely
Took them another few centuries before they dropped the ducal facade and just declared Austria an Empire by itself so they could keep that title too
Thanks for the clarification
So we can't really say if belgiums or germans are better at dealing with the russian winter
I just didn't scroll far enough, so I asumed the comments about Schottland were deleted
That's not how you are being pushed to do something, otherwise you'd probably constantly order from every pizza place that dumps a leaflet in your mailbox...
Sure
In Austria (and Germany) you can get tons of very good whole grain bread, in the UK there's hardly any, you see some mixed bread, but it's mostly white bread (which doesn't taste that good, except for bagels)
You have some beautiful female specimen in the East...
We speak in our own dialect that‘s from the region each of us is from, if you want to know that
We tried to torture them with DJ Ötzi and Gabalier, but they even seem to like that stuff?!
And I don't really care about street view
* U steht für uns, dich und mich -> U is for us, you and me
My experience:
If you use the right attachment and frame for your picture, you can drill holes in the frame of your picture and put smaller pictures on top of your picture
I think they fail to understand that Europe and Europeans are willing to forgive, but the first step is to admit that you did something wrong.
case in point, even hitler [sounded nice when he was not screaming]
I have heard Finland and a few other countries are using that
I never see it in the shops here, but we are making it for ourself every year
1) Wash and throughly dry the apricots
Need to improve my knowledge
Intetesting fact: the first known condoms were invented in Wales
Peace in NI is based on the Good Friday Agreement, as far as I know
Idk I am from upperaustria and you can soo easily tell from where someone is, Mühlviertel people talk really weird, people from the mountain region are a whole different thing, Hausrucks stretch all the vowels way too long, People from Braunau are basically bavarians and the people in my neighbor village have a weird obsession with öööö. But yes to northern germans we all sound like the same alien language I guess
We're now economically and politically sucking up to a country our monarchs once ruled.
knackwurst is a type of sausage and kackwurst is shit
That could, if you're lucky, buy yourself time for survival if you find yourself buried
• Unless you are middle of the road smart and middle of the road ambitious, you’re screwed
I'll try not to repeat what others have said, just want to confirm that imo you wouldn't be seen as "brown" or "Indian" here, but rather as an American.
But they didn't have defenestration back then, so something was definitely missing
I feel like it would be one of the larger and more imports nations of Oceania and could quite easily survive and thrive on its own
It was either fast food or an expensive restaurant where you have to make a reservation
This can vary
There's a lot folks with Balkan roots that are indistinguishable from locals
Edit: numbers were per 1000 residents, not per capita
"\[...\]  to secure the deal recently promised by Trump and Ursula von der Leyen, the European Commission president
It is
". Relieved the woman thanked us with her best Merci and turned towards her daughter who was crying for food
Without Ukrainian refugees as a labour force Poland's economic growth would choke and die
Hes first and foremost a Machtmensch with no greater ambition than maintaining power
I don´t think anyone would care about that disrespect
We have somethimg similar but we call it "tourism school"
* the possibility to close mosques
>  "What do you mean
They have always been a cesspool of corruption and they fail to distance themselves from right-wing-extremist groups
Ich hatte schon öfters Probleme in Wien mir ein Seidl/Seiterl zu bestellen
He was a German speaking Jew from Prague in Austria-Hungary.
Well, next to Coldmirror, that is
So if you have any questions about Budapest (or Austria, because this is the country I am from) than feel free to ask me.
The US, at its lowest point during the last few months, was still at 2/3 of its peak
Oh that actually makes sense, thanks for that
(Although I'm not sure whether then one that breaks in the end is the same one that already sustained that chipping by the Katana from the first try.
I will definitely do that
Culturally: Czechia, Slovenia and Bavaria
You don't "push the surface down before the cut", the cut starts as soon as you touch the toppings
Staying out of the Warsaw Pact and Nato, givigng Austria the rare oppertunity to trade with both sides
Bis Wien mit dem Mezzanin daherkommt
1500 here
Edit: GE to GM
But Communism is not liberal at all
Of course, I'm politically active, so there's quite a bit of running around and handing out flyers and what have you, but still
안녕하세요 저는 방탄소년단 황금 막내 전 정국입니다
If there was large scale corruption you would notice it in practical ways like budgets drying up on the way to the ground, construction costs increasing tons over budget, huge nonsensical construction jobs or just loss of tax money before it reaches the treasury
I don't know any other country than the US that also widely allows citizens to carry guns
And honestly I've worked for business owners who paid their workforce less than what an Uber driver makes, who claimed they can't fix broken office chairs because there's no money and then went on at the company Christmas party to throw around with money and brag about all the sports cars and real estate they bought recently
- many petty food elitism memes, like complaining about people who put sauce on their Schnitzel
Below ~18 I take a vest with me and wear long pants
they look massive because
In 1990 Austrian Potato farmers were afraid
Everyone is shitty
I'm sorry but if i was a women I would rather walk alone in Eastern European country in 4 am alone rather then in Germany, Same could not be said 20 years ago
For denying the Armenian genocide?
But thats because no place, ever, is worth the hassle of working yourself through the sheer mass of tourists this place gets each and every day
Kaiserliche Wagenburg
UM HIMMELS WILLEN, DER FÜHRER STEH UNS BEI
Well, there's a guy like that in the book too
Yeah, I thought about Norway not Denmark
Thanks, this is a great map
Do our chancellor was like "we won't double our payments, forget that"
Oida
I can't be bothered to make it at home, and there's usually something else I'll rather get when going to a restaurant
So that is what Germans do with Wehraboos
See Waldheim affair as an example
A higher fine would suffice
agreed
Only the Sith deal in absolutes...
edit: Also I think you gave England a few extra provinces in France :P
In the US until today nobody who was executed has been proven to be innocent.
"Mühle" is Nine man's Morris
As someone else said, I'd be wary of the money being abused but the project itself I'd support
You'll get Linzertorte from us.
Probably because the 4 locations are counted as one
Apple Face ID totally depends on their sensors
Is there a story behind your knowledge of the amount of this specific fine?
- *a lot* about Greeks (in all their shapes and forms), Romans and Celts (the ones that lived here of course, not the island Celts)
And you could make me a senator.
-people who buy tech stuff for the looks
Now I see what Slovenia is so keen on having sea access themselves.
to some statistic I've found for 2014] it's "Tatort", a German crime series.
Heck how about just giving women money without work.
On the other hand in my personal surroundings people appear to change their minds slowly towards more rational ideas...
The train costs ~120€ one way and takes 12 hours just for the train ride
When someone treats you poorly, for example in a relationship, you can say „es geht sich nicht aus“ emotionally
Especially now that people shop online more and less in the neighbourhood, the need for space for logistics cars will increase
I've never even heard one
I never heard about this
They claimed it was to fight islamic terrorism, but there hasn't been a single terrorist attack in Europe performed with a magazine or gun that would have been effected by that law
And obviously the world disagrees with you.
The only thing we make fun of them for is their dialect.
People trotted that same theory out in the early 1900s (or was it the late 1800s?), and they were wrong.
Many fans will never forgive Netflix for "Money Heist
Except for that last sentence you could apply this whole paragraph to Austria and it would be 100% true
Whenever I visit my family in the states, though, I keep the instinct of taking off my shoes
Same situation, existed as forenoon, not common anymore though
But I doubt that it changed too much as schools in Austria are generally bad on teaching people basic stuff on any political institution - many people are clueless about political and state institution in general not just the EU
When they anschlussed Austria, they already had lists ready with who to imprison first - basically everybody in any leadership position of any political movement was imprisoned before Hitler made his triumphal drive through Austira
Please don't take offense to this, but if I had to choose probably Slovenia
I love how he's still polite enough to say "*please* piss off".
Grosso
Sad Schnitzel noises
[Wurstsemmel]
Not even close
But then again I don't really feel close to the Alpine Austrians either)
Here is [another drone image] that shows no signs of fire inside the interior of the church
We just translated it into "i - Simply Incorrigible ", but ngl "I'm a little bastard" wins this
Which in the end is just a ploy to get people to pay with card instead of cash
damn
I am not talking about any local languages, but the national language.
* [The Kunsthistorisches Museum] (Museum of Fine Arts or literally translated: Museum of Art History)
I also love regional eccentricities like *epa* and *sochn*, which i have no translation for whatsoever
..and that day i just knew shit wasn't right, the moment when i went to the toilet..
But that doesn't make the core of the argument wrong
> A person working in Vienna typically earns around 4,530 EUR per month
people ITT: apparently not knowing the option of choosing a weird/fun/interesting name as the second or third name
Well, learned something today
Britain should be made an example of.
They still call me that
The transition period was a temporary exception that was negotiated with the eastern EU candidates during the EU eastern expansion of which the Uk was one of the biggest proponents.
Is the sun ever thought of as male or female ?
The law is very lax
Compared to the US I would say things are much more state based: There are public religious holidays, state funded religion classes in school, contracts between state and religious groups and sometimes even state churches.
We would only see it in American TV-shows.
I think this speaks a clear language: SPÖ and ÖVP are in the pockets of last century economics
Sources:
It's like, a half false friend
It should also be noted that half of the states had only governors from one party since people voting in Austria was a thing
The governement in Berlin had to send out a directive to their party officials in Vienna, to chill the fuck down and control the situation
Nokia does a lot more things than just mobile, the majority of the company is fine
Shop worker is not typically a student job here
Here is the video I stole this from without a license:
Name me a country that is more Central European than the Czech and us
It also deters junkies and hobos.
Extremely reliable and reasonably priced at the same time
However, they did it for obvious reasons which happened to be a military deal integrated into a trade agreement between the west and the Ukraine.
The Austrian plates are the ONLY standardized EU-Plates, that aren't the actual standard size
Two Americas
Every since "polarisation" has become a thing
We do have  [Edeltraud] (Edel = noble, traud = strength ) and  [Engelbert] (Engel =  [Angle] bert = shiny, famous)
We have a saying that goes "3 Bier sind auch ein Schnitzel" ("3 beers make 1 Schnitzel")
Pilsner is Czech, which underlines your point perfectly
Compared to all other parties FPÖ abstains the most votes, so no surprise here
If it's a pyramid scheme and the parking spaces don't actually exist you're fucked
Bread, butter and jam are considered as normal
früh = friah
Same in Austria
A guy from here starts another one
> We became the centerpiece of international politics
As far as I know the European credit scoring systems are very different from the US.
It depends on the economic situation of the parents too of course, but charging the kids rent if you're wealthy as it is and the rent barely registers on the bank account anyway just seems cruel tbh
And if your surname is "Pfeifenberger" you are probably from the Salzburg Lungau region, especially in or near Zederhaus
consistency is an appropiate term.
Thanks for the addition
Griasdi (greet you - informal) and Grüßgott (Greet god - formal)
So what would you fly other than Lufthansa?
You have to understand the beer making tradition of Bavaria pre dates your country and for some people this is the only source of national pride they are allowed to show (football/bread/beer/other gastronomy)
Belarus and Russia
It is a clip on the news
Any nameless person pursuing peaceful relations with the world would be far better.
Same in many other European countries and that also makes data usage go up greatly.
He ended up being captured and imprisoned, and was released for a hefty payment of 6000 buckets of silver
The politicans who are in favour of same sex marriage shouldn't call it just marriage but state marriage.
Dietrich means lockpick in German, no idea what an induction hob even might be without googling it.
She was our former PM and also former European deputee
And idk if you can legally paint them (idk the rules)
Everyone should be proud of his dialekt, the tyrolian dialekt makes a tyrolean a tyrolian, the styrian a styrian to a styrian, the franconian a franconian to a franconian,...
drücken = druckn
Adolf somehow fell out of favour and Theodor or Alois is not so common anymore
And when the visionary behind the peoject has ties to the newest iteration of white nationalism it leaves a bitter taste in my mouth whenever you play
I don't see how funding euroskeptic parties across the EU, or hacking the DNC before the US election takes all that much brain power from his part to pull off.
For the first time something like that wasn't just somewhere in the middle East or other far away places, but close to home
There were simply not as much less tasty, fresh ingredients around in the north, so people had to make do with what they had
Workers protection is strong here
The popularity of PiS suggests this is indeed the will of the majority of the Polish people
For the low-tier experience that this is, you pay way too much
Not really, from reading the title alone I could be super hyped
It will probably be renovated anyway, so i don't get what all the fuss is about
One Thing that has really become apparent is how different our news sources are
keeping in mind the examples that OP gave, there's only one correct answer really: the Austrian version of chav/gopnik/redneck/Asi would be a **Prolo**, short from **Prolet**, a [member of the proletariat] [other example]
Hiking boots
when my mom said she wants to name my younger brother Julius I was like "Who in the world would give their kid such an old name
However, the president is expected to never use those powers except for emergency situations
they only seem to be able to cite half of it.
>Saying "I don't know what you like
Last death sentence by us was carried out by strangulation
North border is the Danube and Sava river
Well, this one is true, so there's nothing wrong with believing it.
The account was years old
Rural areas, while sometimes poorer and less developed, are never *that* far off from civilization, what we see as "out in the sticks" is always at most one or two hours by car from the state capital
It's easy for travelers who want to see a big Asian city but are afraid/unexperienced in travelling, because of it's Britsh influence
Someone from the Austrian FPÖ literally wrote a book stating that.
that's the one that's *always* tripping me up when speaking German-German, along with what to say for Lavoir/Schaffel (... Waschbehältnis
And I don‘t think you‘d hear ‚alles hat ein Ende nur die Wurst hat zwei‘ here either
At home it was legos or playing pokemon on my gameboy color
Then they were surprised that I was not surprised at all by that story
I live quite near the border to germany and have contact to both friends/family in rural and urban areas in either countries and telling from my experience, it's absolutely true
At a festival of Polish origins no less
It's a normal bus for everyone not a special school bus
Our chancellor hasn't even been around for a year yet.
Really
Western Austria (especially Salzburg & Tyrolia).
I thought the deception was on the side of the slaughter houses or the meat distributors, not the retail sellers
And my mother, to her credit did not have an aneurysm with he walked on her carpet with them on
As such, it has a strong "austro-hungarian empire" undertone, because it was used back then when you'd talk about the area (like "Böhmen and Mähren"), and not the country
Also there's another black dude in front.
" - Not paying at a restaurant
1 killed, 4 maybe arrested and 1 on the run
Your first word to learn will be "Oachkatzlschwoaf".
Aaand another great grandfather was also sent to the eastern front and became a russian war prisoner for 10 years
Yes
Adeg, Billa, Bipa, Merkur and Penny all belong together
You only need Austria for a place at university without numerus clausus.
What a waste of fuel
I dye your skin with ink, now you are even darker as him, that serves you right"
(abgesehen davon, dass der/das Radler einfach gut ist)
As sad as it is but thats not true
Parov Stelar - really cool electro swing
Summer 1-2 times per day
interesting, we were in the area around Drumcondra
We did tons of stuff together, it was quite fun.
Kommt drauf an aus welcher Sicht :)
Italy is a very very old-fashioned country
) - it's probably hard for you to understand how I could possibly have the opinion I have
However, nobody was truly happy
it has *austro-hungarian empire* connotations, and is the name of certain area, not the country
City is gorgeous, food is amazing and people are nice
Krocher mit Kapuzenwesten
It's not offensive in the slightest, just a tradition
Personally I wouldn’t tell
But where would we keep our Burgen
Ordnungsamt
It's cool in the low regions of Austria too
There were 2-3 kid's that couldn't swim (out of 3 primary school classes) - those were kids with parents from other countries.
Radicals are a cancer in our society
well, that isn't an excuse for us.
The [photo on the frontpage of La Liberation] shows the Rosette window of the transept burnt through, so the interior, not only the roof seems to be burning
An und für sich ist das ja alles egal, dennoch frage ich mich warum er r/Askeurope hinters Licht führen will
In Tirol this superstition also exists, however it's not just white clothes and the apartment/house has to be tidy, otherwise something bad happens.
we sometime speak of them and mess with them
We know about it because many of us have relatives that had to flee from Siebenbürgen.
It'd be the only central European country to take it seriously
Than there is mythos (I think it's called) a very good greek beer
rofl :D
I just don’t vibe with it enough, so I’m gonna move somewhere else in the future
We have that too, Switzerland also
No Austria
*no matter the wallet
Yes
Temperature is a quality standard as well
Lastly Greece only became independent in the 18th century and even then it was a rump state largely reliant on Great Britain and other European powers to survive
Yes praying mantises are specifically female here, even the males get called Gottesanbeter*in,* which is weird now that I think of it
His shows aren't documentaries
saw my grandparents only once a year during summer holidays because they lived "far away", far away in this case meaning you'd be in the car for 2
But then he again he drank molotov under the table,
Wrong war
Then one day before the "Einmarsch" happend, the Nazis, Arthur Seyß-Inquart to be precise, completely took over the government
over here it's the same
We only get Asterix & Obelix, but not the cartoon movie, no those with Gerard Depardieu
again, of course you can express the same meaning, but it's kinda clunky and just doesn't feel the same
Frohe Weihnachta
The other guy also didnt know my dad was from Austria so they spoke English with each other the entire time
I guess that the rural schools bring the average down dramatically
Doesn't normally the family of the woman pay the dowry ?
Seeing Mitterand and Kohl holding hands at Verdun still gives me goosebumps
Christian Socialist Party Members disagree strongly, call for re-vote
Gott und Vaterland
Hey, they did even a kind of pledge of allegiance
test says mensehvik defensist however.
I went to a club in Berlin and it turned out to be a sex club, and there was an orgy about to happen
It was very down to earth and not how politicians usually talk.
Season one could have been better though.
Do you consider communist elections in Czechoslovakia also free and fair
It helps that a lot of Turkish people descend from assimilated Greeks of the region
I like cats
Except not this short, it‘s more like hhaa, so you can really hear that it’s a h. That‘s for the alphabet, if it‘s in a word like idk Höhle [cave] then the a behind is unheard
It's quite perverse for certain peoples if you think about it
Fuck yeah
They've certainly got an issue
I’m from Austria, we also think putting ketchup on pasta is disgusting atleast I do
There are many quite rural regions that managed to build up some remarkable industries that keep even well educated workers in small villages
Has to be selective somehow, as Switzerland also participates but they are listed as 0
And the french wanted icbms hence the ariane program
By the amount of people who think ww1 was startet by germans i think there is a small detail about austria many nations don't teach
I was aware of the "special situation" between state and religion in France, although not in as much detail.
"Mehr an Russland orientieren" isn't nearly as strong as "Amerika Zugeständnisse machen".
So it doesn't look like the already exisiting words Stadt or Statt or statt
People from Jutland not so much
A Greek who pays debts
Also try to minimize the impact of pickpocketing: Make pictures/scans of all your cards/IDs and keep them e.g.
I'd probably be some rural bureaucrat, given my families background
Just a lot of partying and drinking
It is good to know that I am not the only one feeling this way
And then all the countries that didnt condemn the beheadings in France
There it has the right angle which naturally deals with water and snow much more energy efficiently and also means that the distance to consumer is lower.
People from Vorarlberg are hard to understand, but it is usually manageable for me, as I'm from the neighbor state (Tyrol)
A few years ago I was in Bratislava on New Years Eve
Well today spring skipped the day around Vienna and Winter said:"Nah, I'm not done with you yet, here have below zero temperatures and some snow".
And for high school we didn't really do any single-day field trips
It would have been a blood bath.
If you invest 3600 euros at once (at the end of the year), you only get a return for the last month (roughly 28.7 euros), but you save some fees.
Then you get have a factor of (1.1)^(11/12) which is equivalent to roughly 9.13% etc.
I could own a car in Vienna - but what for ? It would cost me around 300-400€ a month to own a decent one and I would use it only to go to work - being a public commute down from 45 minutes down to 35 minutes
It's about mobilising voters of parties other than your own.
Well, wouldnt be much change in our case
Shortterm nuclear is pretty good
Likely are a German product (company is Germany based), however pumpkin seed oil traditionally comes from Styria.
It was crossposted to r/mapporn I think, maybe that's where you saw it
Fuck man you're asking alot from me
Much shit happened in the past.
Also the merger would result in us getting the CSU
Espacially since the French President has extremly much power compared to other European countries.
Usually it's a daily driver and a sporty old car
Die Geschichte kann einen zu den grausamsten Taten zwingen
Probably not
Starting in 1930 the Greeks began small revolts against the British who were still holding on to the island, however they were mostly unsuccessful
However, (the anarchistic) parts of the Antifa (the Black Block) can be just as bad as the nazis in terms of behaviour.
The less geography the more bikes
I didn't have one, so i'ts maybe not 100% correct but how it looks form the "outside":
That explained a lot
> squashing force of a knife
Yes, make a logo out of it, smack the flag on it and Viola!
Home clothes = no clothes
Finally you guys are surrounded with all the countries that speak similar languages like you
Of course, but tell me one place where that works perfectly
that's difficult
Alexander Litwinenko was in intensive care in London for three week surrounded by the best doctors and they could do nothing for him
We'd just say 'Cola, Fanta, Sprite' here.
(a turn which was sharp)
As it is right now 99% of the users turn off roaming when traveling outside their home country because the price is insane!
Don't bother
police only confirmed "long guns" until now without any more details
love reading all the comments
For an American, anything pretty much produced in Germany I'd call local
Call them our bigger step-cousin and we are down ;D
He just uses the words synonymously.
That will get them motivated
I'm not criticizing, just curious.
>But I can't really think of a specific meme template that stuck around for longer and only in Austrian subreddits
It would have to be an equivalent force to the combined armed forces of the EU, so Russia really seems like the only candidate who could in the first place
even from their english accent you can tell them apart most of the time
However everyone from a german speaking country gets automatically subscribed to that subreddit, like I did even though I'm from Austria.
In Austria you can't bring up nuclear power plants without commiting political suicide, I don't think it's as severe in Germany, but I doubt they are much more popular.
But looking good and well groomed with long hair is definitely more work than with short hair, talking from my own experience
Those are some terrible "rebuttals" combined with a disconnect with reality.
Döner Kebap (also Bosna, Dürum, that turkish stuff) is popular here, but I have also some Hungarian stuff recently.
I still hope you‘ll be very happy with where you are and who your are tho
hello gugu
*A backl watschen san glei aufgrissn
nice
If Plague Inc
It was really terrible for circulation
Try it and report back :P
That's the trick tho
*no matter the wallet
Often looks like a girl, but it's supposed to be kind of genderless
Idk dude I don‘t drink alcohol, it‘s just kinda become a tradition or become our culture, I can‘t give you reasons as to why some old people who don‘t live anymore decided to do that
And stop being gay if you don't want to be thrown off the top of a building.
(Additional fun fact, he was executed by a french firing squad and apparently as his last act made fun of them for missing their first shot
But these days we have (tens of) thousands believed capable of these actions and known to services.
Kind of disappointing that you guys don't expand your horizon above originally english literature in your school system.
com und www
I wonder what country he's from this time
I like my dialect a lot more than standard German and I like German more than English
We did our part for sanity: France you're next
I am Austrian and many people here make fun of Burgenland, which is a state of Austria
Like the copperto in Italy
He did became chancellor after Anschluss, but the Austrian state did de facto not exist anymore
Gott erhalte Franz den Kaiser was way better
From a mathematical point of view
Your hypocrisy is astounding
No, why
Why not bread, butter and Nutella
i can‘t bear this heat anymoreee
Doesn't serve the people, and NN is a perfect example to demonstrate that
If some facts don't match up to their preferred narrative, it's the facts that get bent.
That being said I also know many nut-jobs from both deeply religious and atheist backgrounds
* The Conservatives like to use xenophobia
Maybe they were in the past, who knows.
Just an example: when I was 14 (19 now) I had a severe skiing accident where I injured my head
I heard that chewing gum is prohibited there
Yeah, it's hard to decide which one, we have so many good "Mehlspeisen" but Sachertorte is one of the best chocolate cakes
He's a medical doctor, so most likely vaccinated by now
They seem to love expensive functional outdoor clothing from the holy 3: Mammut, Ternua, Patagonia
When I was younger I was kinda naive
Oh, yeah makes sense\^\^'
What is this North Africa you speak of, that large mass in the south is the hallowed land of **jakubmarian
He is very much Part of the Austrian Heritage
Someone returned it to the bank teller
I admit, access to the Adriatic sea would be pretty dope
What kind of Jason Bourne shit is this
> because of the size of the German economy
I think I like how Vienna does it
„Tschusch“ in Austria
But as soon as they slip all comes crashing down
Not at all, unless you buy new
Btw, I know this is totally weird: but I really had the "luck" of getting the worst food in Barcelona
¡Madavióso
Because they don't sell this kind of "trash" in austria and it's interesting to try
with the way our cities are designed it's impossible not to walk.
> 4) Gun and ammunition control is ridiculous, but we still don't have as many gun crimes as other European nations
Right now, I use english more than german
But I wasn´t talking about Mozart, I was talking about Beethoven, who, as you surely know, originally is from Bonn
I like how everyone thinks about hot nurses but in reality there are male nurses, ugly nurses, old nurses,...
If there are enough kids to justify an extra table, it's common
The green party has its fair share of hypocrites too, it's  pleasantly surprising I'd say
(The version in my dialekt: "wos wüdan vo us
The garage didn't even have a door
So not very good
Edit: that makes me grantig
Are you stuck up and arrogant
That includes buying/selling, but also gifting it
I wouldn't say he's a villain here, most people probably don't know him
"Blackensippen"
i'm sorry i guess i said it in a confusing way.
I don't really think you can ban a political speaker on the grounds of advocating to vote in a foreign election
So you potentially have the option of marrying for love
I speak a very distinct, small german dialect from the south of Salzburg, yes
The black-red-golden tricolore in this form stems from liberation wars against Napoleon and can be attributed at least since 1815
Yes
Although technically speaking, those ginormous halls of capitalism aren't super- but hypermarkets (and even though I hate to admit it, they're incredibly convenient)
Not all of us are lucky enough to have a Brexit of our own, okay
Depends on what the law specifically covers and means, but gay conversion therapy among other things included electric shock therapy, lobotomy, drugs that cause you to feel uncomfortable/sick while showing you homoerotic imagery.
so if i cook (real food not noodles or rice with ketchup) home and only buy the cheapest products at hofer/aldi i can live with
Worse German - I can order a beer
"That he doesn't shame me tonight
>Theoretically, you can made a great video game from any period of time in European history from any country
Isn't “reppuli” dangerously close to “ripuli”?
But the whole region and metropolitan area (<700
Definitely this
Arr, ye be makin' me peg leg hurt
I know you guys are very patriotic and you definitely have good health care specialists and all that, but the health care infrastructure can’t be compared to europe
Then this happens:
I mean I'm sure they do exist, but I guess they're mostly along the border to Eastern European countries, and I imagine them to be smoky and sad places and closely linked to prostitution, and not something that you'd just go to with the guys to be manly
No need to stay desperate, you can do it if you put your mind to it
As these are issued by the university, they are not national IDs, but in practice they are likely enough to verify your age in a club or to maybe pick up a parcel (haven't tried it and my uni ID is expired by now)
I really like our dual-leadership system
what are they hoping to find
Very medicinal as well if you got a bad stomach or anything really ;)
So the EU thinks it can lock out the two biggest financial markets in the world?
Bin vor 9 Jahren nach Wien gezogen, das war bevor der Pepi eine Dependance in Wien ghabt hat
>  In Europe it’s more about forcibly separating religion from the government and all public life in some cases
Why should Dutch people know how hard their own language is?
As long they are mindful to others
anyway, I don't really get whats the big deal about paying 50 cents to keep the place clean and junkie free
Nah
So yeah
Too many cunts hating on Austria in this sub
99% of us are
in america you got racist and less racist as options so
A Fotzn kaunst hobn
German is also not that different if you understand that: *Sprich für dich selbst.
Pikant
yeah but that's spelled "Laberl" buddy, not "Labberl". or were you thinking of a "Lapperl"?
They are very practical, but sometimes not as extensive as you'd like them to be
Everybody has an opinion about teachers, but nobody wants to do it
Brexit was a factor as was Trump.
>have the Swiss be in charge of it
Do you have some references for that?
Or am I wrong
why the hell would they nominate löw?
The Austrian Republic was reestablished on April 27th 1945
You did imply it
French
* What the institutions, such as the Court of the EU, the parliament etc
"What divides Austria and Germany is their shared language
German has some grammatical tenses that students have to learn but are really useless
But its fun talking about this
- Afghanistan
Indeed there was
Our french teacher told us to pronounce it like "J'ai pas"
Many Turks don't even call themselves Austrian, despite being 3rd generation.
and now try deepl
they use the english name, just "Black Friday"
2013 was one incident were after stopping his car a poacher flet, shoot at the police and the paramedics and barricaded himself in his house.
Here we say "Stoffsackerl" and I think that's beautiful
Guess they‘ll have beer though so let’s go
But at the same time - if it’s happening ? Why should the EU care
Though that's probably just my paranoid, reward-card-hating heart talking
Well I guess Krampus would fall under interesting story
Don't worry, I have to admit I can enjoy it while thinking it's rather meaningless at the same time.
You forgot Aranés, a Gascon dialect of Occitan spoken by a few thousand people in the Val d'Aran in Catalonia
Well sure, everybody on the ballot **could** win.
Du hast eine schlaue Mutter, hoffentlich ist der Bua a so schlau ;)
True, but that depends of the size of the demonstration.
Nice
It can be applied in a lot of different contexts and usually means that there is enough of something (time, money, space)
It's an expression of disbelief and frustration/anger
Before we explored other parts of the world all of our food was rather bland
There are actual rules for that, apparently, and I do not know them well enough to use them properly
Maybe I'm being naive here but to play devil's advocate: I can somewhat see Turkey's point of view
&#x200B;
Heiliges Römisches Reich (Holy Roman Empire)
What does that even mean
I like the ÖBB app for train travel
I actually really like the spanish version of Joachim, Joaquin
Christ child works for free, no bribes necessary.
Was he actively trying to join the Bundeswehr or did he want to work as a civil doctor?
Is mayonnaise a language
If you're talking about origami, there's better paper than that
It's easier to just tell yourself he did it because he had no choice
Probably, asking where the train station is while standing right before the main door
But I actually see no problem with a moderate, secular islamic country joining the EU.
Yes, we all know, we would have been considered as such 100 years ago, but it is in fact not 100 years ago
This, of course, is fucking nuts and will never happen
Because nobody has any control.
However as communist regimes do they coupled it with the man on the top and the ideology and when Tito croaked the Serbian primacy in the federation again became too noticeable and spured much animosity
Nothing of that
Often imperial successors would reverse a damnatio for their own legitimacies sake.
Maybe I'm being naive here but to play devil's advocate: I can somewhat see Turkey's point of view
I hate it
it falls on a saturday, so I don't have an extra day off and I can't even go shopping on my off day, fuck this
That doesn't mean he isn't still a party member, it just means that he ran as independent, which then can be supported by one (or more) candidates.
> La vaca, en el cas de la hembra; o toro, en el cas del mascle (Bos primigenius taurus), és un mamífer artiodàctil de la família dels bóvidos
Could't you have burned down all of vienna except wieden, in wieden is my university so i need that place, the rest of vienna i don't care about
[The other half is giving interviews interviews to French journalists]
But Hofer actually threatened to use them.
Is- is one of her names really Tanpon in French or is that a typo
Nah, allow it and check every participant of such rallies for double passports.
There is a saying that the Balkan always starts 20km east from where you live
Even if you lose every other dime, you have $638,400 per year you didn't have before that will keep coming in until the United States falls into chaos
Especially when the country is older than the federal state
I realized how *Brenda's Got a Baby* by 2Pac was about a girl who got raped by her cousin, got pregnant, had the baby in a public bathroom and dropped it into a garbage container because she was so overwhelmed, only to retrieve it later and then start dealing with drugs to make a little money
Clearly that was a hostile takeover of the Deutsche demokratische Genossenschaft by the Bundesrepublik GmbH
Fair point
SPÖ's position on the EU is unclear?
The Republic of Austria (AKA "Austria") is a successor to both the Archduchy of Austria as well as the Prince-Archbishopric of Salzburg
didn't know that
Maybe it will get more attention once it's considered "fully developed" in most people's minds
That's a good day here in Rio
The Austrian one doesn't do much for me
It's like, a half false friend
Oh yeah I get you
Hofburg
We don’t like our dictator, nice try
Somewhere there is German wondering: "Wait, no Ketchup
pro Europe doesn't mean pro EU federation
I couldn't even imagine something like that in Austria.
> Also thanks Finland and Austria for maintaining their neutrality
But there are also main dialects for every state, so 9
I don't think we'll make it into the knock-out stage
I feel no connection whatsoever
I think we Austrians just love our Knödel
A saint he aint
But as long as they feel like they're #1 it's only evolution at best, not a revolutionary change towards a better representation of the citizens' will that we'll see.
Depends
North America
Germknödel
For me it's more difficult to get/hear the difference between the "a" and "e" sounds of bad and bed.
The way IRA car bombings *usually* worked is someone would call in and issue a warning, the police would clear the area and wait for the bomb to explode
Ich dachte, das ist sehr beliebt in DE, no joke :0
For all we know, the parents might have been very proud of their little martyr who would have brought great honor to the family.
Chill I was just fooling around.
* Plasser & Theurer make rail track laying machines
Yeah and I renember the corrupt shit feast when they were in goverment the last time...
At this point it's pretty much safe to assume that the ones who don't support this shit are the outliers
Well, I could google that for you, but the question was about the opinion of A.N.
Is yours gmx
you know like arrogant unfriendly Frenchmen of which I have never met any outside of Paris
Because hunting buffalos and living in tipis is so much fun!
I especially love the American post ww1 maps where croatia-slovenia is labelled Bosnia or Czechia stretches to the alps
Last summer the Bundescard, which gets you into a fair few of these places, was only €20
A biased suggestion: 4 days Vienna, 3 days Salzburg.
" sounds much more natural to me than "Was hat er dich gelehrt", that would sound quite formal, maybe even a bit archaic
same in German tbh
So you threw the irish/scottish under the bus because you couldn't properly utilize the benefits the eu brings
I know it is heavily implied, but I feel it's important to add "in Turkey" or "Turkish" as descriptors, like "they can take that person in *in Turkey*" or "The way the *Turkish* criminal justice apparatus" etc.
it falls on a saturday, so I don't have an extra day off and I can't even go shopping on my off day, fuck this
Edit: Oh, and i forgot scottish
Did you have that as well
I had spent the day photographing trains and travelled back in the evening.
Isn't that the main difference between Aldi Nord and Aldi Süd? Süd being the one which has the big stores and Nord having smaller stores
And since the electoral college decides the president, not the people, you might as well not bother voting.
While smoking at the table
Now at least parts of the Nave seem to be gone
Generally in German we make everything, we don‘t do
Vienna is different though
This is nowadays considered a huge mistake as the austerity measures prolonged the crises and solidified unemployment as government investment was needed to end the crises quickly and jumpstart the economy
A particular german news outlet tried it
The chill in Netflix and chill isn't innocent either
What about [the guy who sings about dumplings from Thüringen]
We have even [films] dedicated to them.
How do you justify that label
Yeah, we also always made them out of white willow (which become Palmkätzchen in spring)
Actually sounds pretty coo tbh
I feel like out measure are a litle bit to easy going and since today they are even more
It's ok, we know you Danes aren't so good with numbers
-**big bowl of salad or uncooked greens
Wearing a religious uniform in private life is indeed pretty archaic but wearing a professional uniform is not especially when it comes to the representatives of the state.
Well I probably would have voted 3rd Party.
All the others are not High German
Then there is the heraldic emblem of the federal state the district belongs to
That's interesting
It's in progress
Was pretty prominent in the news Austria
I doubt he has a strong view on this.
0/10 if the person wants to learn German but 10/10 if the person wants to learn my dialect.
The leftist parties lost votes in Berlin, they just still had a majority.
Apparently Æthelbert became Adalbert after the Norman conquest and it's Old High German (Adal = noble, bert = shiny, famous) in origin
Javid Shah
Hallstatt
They do however seem to be a bit ignorant.
When it comes to universities
We see it in Spain with Franco, Latin America, Africa, Russia and even China
You're right but it's still a long way to go until we reach that point.
In Germany it is almost unaccepted to insist on speaking your own dialect, while Austrians almost see high German as a foreign influence, although it is of course taught in schools and you will never find i.e. official emails in dialect
But that was due to some polution from a damage
I just quickly looked over the other comments and saw Germany mentioned a lot, which is probably the best answer.
On the other hand, feels weird not being at the top/upper middlefield for me (Austria).
Oh my glob that's cool
Wait I heard Wochenendmelancholie too somewhere but I can‘t pinpoint where
You mean born in Salzburg
i had a room mate from stranagalwilly once
Its like a chaos stability
He was fairly popular over there!
The [Ibiza affair]
maybe you do i the other way around, like us, [meat on the outside vegetables on the inside] ?
It's.. weird
Alot of vets that where stationed in germany and sometimes brought a wife back with them
I mean, we had to figure out how to do this republic thing and voting, we had a very struggling economy, socialism started to take root in Vienna, we had a civil war, we had a fascist dictatorship
If you’d be living in my home for a prolonged time, meaning to be probably alone with my stuff and have theoretically access to my most private documents etc
anyway
IMO there should be a remembrance day for both WWI and WWII soldiers in germany, but it‘s probably gonna get ruined by neo nazis again aswell
Meinst du "Kina" oder "Schhhhhhhhhina" ?
"Why am I still getting hate
We don't need to expand into the height, because our cities had a long long time to form
Illegal in Austria but afaik you can get away with very small amounts (<2 or 5 grams).
That's the reason why there aren't that many religious people in Europe
It would be cool if people just accepted everybody's views
You again
Edit: also idk if it‘s the biggest, it‘s just one of the biggest in central europe and the oldest in austria
I guess the Alps and other mountain ranges help to cool the temperature a little bit
Es is wirkli sche
dude, why should European left wing groups define themselves through anti-Trump policies?
- Liberia
They are separated from the rest of the country by a mountain chain, are the only ones who do not speak Austro-Bavarian German, don't even know where other major Austrian cities are half of the time and are always blushing when Liechtenstein and Switzerland look their way
Like wasting taxpayers money, pulitical influence, political parties and all the other typical issues we know
Aka I‘d totally eat it without being disgusted
> Everyone is bad
I couldn't agree more
There is this brand of egg containing pasta that really pushed this agenda and a lot of people really believe now that this brand is superior because of eggs
>Other than that: Vote in 2019 and spread the word
That explains a lot about nordic people's behaviour when they are here
don't forget Malta :(
but you must admit that it *is* a thing to hate on the Viennese
In my experience that has been true so far in Valencia, Barcelona, Bilbao, Donostia, Malaga, Ronda (best Rabo de Toro I have *ever* had was in a place called Tropicana; looked very cutre from the outside, was quite nice on the inside and has exceptionally good food and service), Granada, Cordoba
I've never heard it being brought up (significantly) in Austria or Germany.
up to 2 years of maternity leave (fathers can consume part of it instead of mothers)
Woher kommst Du
Dude was only 1,51m tall lmao
Wouldn't say very common, but not unheard of
Well, Putin puts a lot more effort into staying in power, Merkel running for chancellor sounds more like there's not really any other person to step up.
Mozart and Sound of Music
Schuko ftw
One of my great-grandfathers was on the battlefield somewhere in Croatia on the nazi side
Same !
In general, the soviet occupation forces have a very bad reputation
Of course, we have bears too, but the likelyhood of actually getting in contact with one is near zero and if you do, they will most likely back off and run away
Wait
Have fun in court, cause you will be in deep trouble
Das von dem Haus in dem ich wohne ist auch nicht selbstschließend
My region however is not like this
The only one I've ever seen or heard of is in my apartment building.
Also we have been to a pool regularly with school one year in primary school and one year in middle school.
Like bavaria
Hühnchen = Hendl
This weirdly looks like how our & came to be
So fucked up
It's never warm in England tough
Like Saudi Arabia and all those fuck-hole countries
Ah ok
Rudolf Kirchschläger 1915, Niederkappel in Upper Austria
Yeah but how about a pack of dogs a few cats several rats and at least one hamster?
Gyros fucks were given
Because I know the Romans founded at least Vienna (Vindobona) and the way larger abandoned city of Carnuntum in modern lower Austria
Innsbruck: Winter tourism
Gor example, the invasions of the British Isles seem much more invasive as, being an island, it has very clearly defined borders
Die betreiben alle ihre eigenen Server (bzw
I got another one for you:
, 1782[6]
Famous exports:
Would make sense when we have to fight those damn Marsian folk for their goddamn iron.
If it's legal or not doesn't matter in this question
Fuck up the permanent ones nd perfect the ones that are gonna melt lol
in sweden
"Wer nix taugt und wer nix kann,
As others have mentioned, in Austria it would be Oachkatzlschwoaf (squirrel tail)
But after a certain point of development it is indeed looked down upon
They recently changed some words to turn 'great sons' into 'sons & daughters' - as a daughter I say f*ck that!
the rest of the european countries, at least I got the impression, developed a relative high level of it over the last couple years, even though they constantly have to deal with neighboring countries, work migration, and so on
That library reminds me of the citadel in mass effect
Absolute ridiculous notion and not based on any kind of scientific method at all.
i have the feeling there is an oldest person alive per country
Oh my fucking god, yes
It's a mix of things from historical reasons to recent political decisions
Depending on where you live, it's very very easy
Thats exactly what we do in Europe
Das Barett schaut aus wie hingschissen
> What are you doing here
Aida - Triumphal March
The most gain got Kurz from people which went away from the FPÖ. True is he has a lot of followers also in the neo-liberal wing of the ÖVP, but he has many opponents in the conservative and left wings of the ÖVP
We're all friends up there :)
They have everything we have times 5(?)
But when it will be I think it will basically work like this: The whole EU will essentially be treated by the phone companies as one country, so calling an Italian number from an Italian phone and calling a French number from an Italian phone will cost the same.
That excuse would work a lot better for someone who doesn't speak german...
Don't know about any sterotypes but the one that we talk strange German.
The last soldiers left the country on the eve of the 25th of October 1955, part of the British forces
She always complains that she didn't get good spot because all of them are taken :D
USA - sometimes also "Amerika" but that is very confusing because that word is used for both the continent and one country on it.
Immigration caused and continues to cause parallel societies with hostile attitudes towards the natives.
Schüssel = Schissl
There's a prehistory of animosity to the Croatian collaboration with the Nazis you know
that's not necessarily reasuring.
Das Joghurt, du Unhold
As every big city it has its shady places, but the adventure was what did it for me
Thanks alot
You could see the smoke on the whole island and it got pretty close to the city but water bombers from Split (I would guess) had it in control.
Yeah I think there we have the problem of definition
I guess it's the same railway, as long the tunnel isn't finished it's the most direct connection by train between Northeastern and Southeastern Austria
) speaks french
Right now Apple's tax practices do not enjoy popular support but this might quickly change.
Unfortunately only 723 subscribers thought - most people first find the fake channel
Furthermore we are the only country which gets called racist even though we have a high acceptance for foreigners.
But when I hear Hungarian out in the wild my first reaction is always: What is this?
Honestly I think 3 points may be enough to advance and 4 is almost a safe-call for knock-out stage
recommended if you want to find out how passive-aggressive we can be
Too bad Kronprinz Rudolph is only available for a short time
What stinks of China's pressure is the sheer excess with which they punished player and casters
I've heard that the Isle of Skye is quite crowded nowadays (before the virus, of course)
Or Netherlish (English)
Yes, at least Here in rural place and in Graz
Oh the discussions I've had about that one
Now my question is, are there any guys out there that think that their country is actually doing quite decent when it comes to bureaucracy ?
Which one it really is, is impossible to say
Declaring war on Serbia in 1914 proved quite the "bruh moment" in retrospect
In reality it is estimated that "only" about 60-80% of Austrians probably were in favor of Anschluss at that time, while probably around 30% where actual supporters of the NSDAP
I've just always been pronuncing the x in that particular word like a G.
If you count neighbors as the guys to left and right of you:
Well, that is because you aren't supposed to
Also she‘s german so ig she doesn‘t really count for Austria
I know nobody whose standard meal is "Mikrowelle und Kebap".
The EUR/USD exchange rate may be a *little* more volatile in the near future, but essentially I wouldn't expect any major disruptions.
Obviously not
Russia = Russland (Russ-Land)
Wait
Soros is made the culprit for all kinds of invented bullshit on the far right
popular with inner city Bobo parents here too; the bike models are normally imported from NL
They just exploitative without any real value to offer.
None
No, we dont have that here unfortunately
Not a bad place per se, but I didn't find it all too appealing/interesting
And no, it has nothing to do with the Nazis
The first thing I'd say when asked about an unofficial national anthem would be the [Blue Danube Waltz] especially since it was used in lieu of a de facto national anthem when Austria declared its independence in April 1945 because we simply didn't have one for the newly established Second Republic of Austria yet
They were the best I have ever tasted but the price man
After all, it's mostly free of normes or symetry, so you really could build anything you want and let your creativity roam
interestingly, the same also is true in the other direction
That that was a slippery slope is proven by this years inventions, the awfull [Schnitzel- and Leberkäskrapfen
Belarus, Russia, Azerbaijan & Turkey
And it often sounds kinda harsh
ah don't sell yourself short, you have great places to go skiing
(Attention is on the place - here Austria)
Some guests/good friends attempt to kidnap the bride with the groom not noticing, taking her to one bar/place to drink, dance and sing
In Austria it's technically illegal, too, but there is no punishment
Any by that I mean very few people are interested in them, since they aren't "rich" countries.
It's not an invented term but the ancient word they use for themselves.
quick idea: let's use latin for that again
True but you can’t measure global significance of some event by its presence on Twitter
Agreed, I especially like that der spiegel translates many pieces but which more papers with a decent online precence would do it.
I read that as „Persians“ and was really confused what the connection between them and the Arc de Triomphe roundabout was
Wish you all the best still
And if we are talking high school level, it's probably French or something ;)
They may not sell it to them neither gift it
No seriously, I get the sentiment, but whenever I hear somebody from the "I don't need to write lots with my hands anymore, we do everything through apps now" crowd, I just can't fathom what their life must look like
Lmao if you dont come out, sabina will come inside
It is sad to see France in a state like this
Like the Wikipedia article states, the SC just referenced sonething that totally had happened in London and Italy before.
I miss being able to go skiing on 2m of natural snow
"Look what I am wearing, I still believe
the rest of Austria :D
And sometimes adults are pissed off about the South Tyrols, but I think teens and young adults just joke about it and say _Those dang italians
but it isn't that horrible, is it?
&#x200B;
Police still file a report but courts often drop the charges.
WELL, u did allied with stalin
Well, then it will be Russia
the American way ($1
Yeah, but we don't want to feel bad about ourselves so there is that
Mainly because of Silesia which I kind of view as a "next door"-region to Austria
Sounds like every right-wing party in the EU is in bed with Russia
I imagine that can lead to some misunderstandings in bed
Vienna (= Wien in German)
H...
I have a friend who lives 15 minutes away and she doesn’t even know some words I use lmao
Can't ever be 1000% sure, but it seems people who post these have some kind of agenda
proposition: update your *whole* orthography and we're talking
It is supposed to take place in  [Vindobona] at the end of the [Marcomannic Wars] which is also where [Marcus Aurelius] died in 180 AD (not just in the movie)
Yeah, tons of middle aged guys wear those cringy [Camp David] shirts
just a little extra money, no real influence on the housing market and below taxable levels, all's fine
So I just happened to come across them
ok my bad
"Po" means butt in German, so the Po river is the butt river to us
It is hard to imagine that people actually live in this village
Well known children's book authors:
this and that all the names of functions change, ugh
Would be my pleasure
This is only used in Austria as far as I know, not Germany
finally, because when we're in the mood for white beans in sauce, we normally have [Serbian Bean Soup] instead, which is basically the same but differently flavored (with paprika and spicy)
Happened to me in Spanish
How are you folks reacting to that snow
Take Germany, the CDU/CSU basically is KO and PIS united, moderating both wings and finding commin ground
In Vienna, the year long public transport ticket costs 365€ a year
Germany is a pretty nice place to live if you don't mind the weather and people being super scheduled and mostly refusing to be your friends unless you can speak German (again, this is my experience)
for the huge amount of friendliness we expect very deep and long-lasting interest and a meaningful relationship
And let's be fair, most minorities in the early 20th century had fair reason to separate from their respective countries
Ironic
I think almost 2 million out of ~9 million people
Would say Vodka Juniors but their songs are in English
My kid gets tangerines, nuts, and chocolate
Es kann nicht sein
Hah, in my Austrian dialect, we also say hand instead of arm and foot instead of leg sometimes
Aba I studier in Innsbruck und ihr Tiroler hond o an schwera Dialekt, da rest fu Österreicg vertsnad i jo no guat aba bei eu wirds a jle schwera, vorallem süd udn sot tiroler
There is also "Über die Häuser hauen" , which is "Throwing over the houses" in English
or maybe it's because we're reluctant to travel long distances
> (google translate tells me this is the translation but it sounds very weird to me)
With Trump that only bears the risk that they drop a nuke on Sydney, we can't risk the lives of poor Aussies!
If it hasn't then you need to get approval and basically prove that it's a proper name
And they have an online shop where you can order a case with 12 bottles of whatever you want
Eskerrik asko
I just think being aware of these things can only help
They enjoy it much more
> Also I heard it was the first country to become independent
If someone could survive the fauna and flora of Australia I'm OK with pardoning him
If the situation had the parties swapped with all the irregularities we've seen, you and all other bigots would be screaming about it
The recipe is Austrian, and the Loacker family originally hails from Vorarlberg
Wait, that's illegal
Guilt edition
> he should be able to express the view while others should be able to comment on that view
I have never heard it in carinthia or styria
Our coach is a fucking idiot, so there's definitely a chance you'll finish above us (although drawing against Israel doesn't really help Scotland's case either)
If you had a good idea in politics, we'll copy that and make it just a little less good when implementing it
Same goes for the Italian peninsula
**Historical Background**
I'm not sure if this is a widely known tale, I doubt it, but it is one I often got told as a child, much like a fairytale.
It's not just random people on the internet jumping on the "paid by Soros" thing - it's actual politicians as well
We didn't have them either
We were all playing yu-gi-oh and German and English cards were both common
So basically you are German
If I'm given a vote in your presidential elections afaik one does not vote for "parties" there but for persons!
Tanzverbot sounds like 15th century feudal Europe.
More common old-fashioned names would be "Fritz", "Franz", "Hans", ...
That has 2 reasons
If I didn't travel to the UK a lot I might have gotten an ID instead of renewing my passport
I wouldn't have ever heard of anyone "blaming" Americans for pizza Hawaii
etc
I have had English lessons since I was in third grade (8/9, I was born in 1991), and I read/watched a lot in English (trying to translate the Yu-Gi-Oh trading card game rules when I was 11 or 12, watching cartoon network, which was only available in English).
I don't think there are any movements like that in Austria.
The thing is - it’s not an arbitrary decision
and that's one of the lowest points around here :)
If you go to them and say "Dutch is basically a German dialect" then it's obviously not going to end well.
I think we have established that different people have different opinions on what is a continent, and that's fine
No, you're not *holding Dollars behind the scenes* - That's what you're holding if you buy bonds.
South tyrol, yes i triggered the most of italy with that but south tyrol is the only austrian region that isn't hates by any other austrian province
the e-card was recently upgraded to include a picture to make misuse harder; sadly it's still not usable as proper id though, so that upgrade was kinda useless (and costly; thanks FPÖ)
„Handle so, daß die Maxime deines Willens jederzeit zugleich als Prinzip einer allgemeinen Gesetzgebung gelten könne
Have been using it for a long time and thought it was American
Unofficial: Grey Wolves (Bozkurtlar).
I am sure I would have answered this differently 3 days ago and I probably would answer differently 3 days from now, because the situation is changing so rapidly
One was at the western front and later POW under the British
First, they talk pretty slowly, and second, there are some vowel-shifts in their dialect and they use more *umlauts* (Ä,Ö,Ü) which often makes other German speakers go *Awww, so cute*.
I think that was in 1998
You totally forgot about Italy
Glad you asked, I use a modified QWERTZ layout, the [T2 Layout] It's easy to install and doesn't change any of the usual keys, but gives you an additional layer of many more [special characters] (mostly accessed through AltGr/AltShift)
It clearly says "Hochrechnung inklusive Wahlkarten-Prognose".
well, you know, earlier
May I ask you what your educational background is
Da weiß man *wie* man drüber sprechen kann
Mittelschule and Gymnasium
Yeah and that'll stall the process for a while which is why I don't see it happening for some time
Yeah, I was grabbed several times (boobs, crotch etc
There is no Eu exit movement besides the one in the UK
And thats not even the typical "I am like that so my friends are like that too" situation
I was earning in Romania around 1300 after taxes while studying for my master degree
Does not compute
Technical instructions for example or law texts are so much better in German for example
I guess it was a mixed bag
GAY
He proceeded to ask me if I find it weird too that he got arrested
I'm late to the thread, but I don't think there's anything "stupid" about the US.
How often have you been to the peak of a mountain
Nothing against a pattern or whatever
They've certainly got an issue
Well why do you not just dig a hole then
I mean we *do have* some of the best tap water in the world
How about [him]
I try to but usually I don't find a lot of Austrian comments
Second Head of Parliament, a Christian Socialist, annulls vote
Also the 1950s Hollywood classic "The 3rd Man" was shot down there, great film
The English word nightmare sounds similar
That souldn't be legal
Nothing like fighting the symptoms instead of the cause.
You pay all the reparations
What is occasionally grey is the manner of annexation
Im from Freistadt lol
Poor Texans have to use assault rifles like stick horses
It will be the talk of town for 4 years until the next Blochziehen comes along
Besides the Austrian channels we get all German and some Swiss channels.
And the "standard" way of spelling in (Bavarian) dialect is not much better from what I can tell
wow
You find some "handwriting" for yourself
Because they don't sell this kind of "trash" in austria and it's interesting to try
Seeing as I still remember it I guess it made an impact on me as a kid but it's not a widespread experience that anybody talks about anymore
Jo, wos zum teifl sogts eis iwa se
Not necessarily a historical event, but I got the impression that especially Americans have quite a different view on how we handled the Nazi era and especially the time afterwords
So if she leads the first round she on to the second round for sure, and might surprise with a win, just like Trump and Brexit??
[Trump's Official Inauguration Song]
A literally mansion
Jägerschnitzel (the real one, not the one the former GDR federal states mean!) isn't coated, though, is it?
For us its Germans with flip flops on trails where locals would use climbing gear and boots
Now we‘re happy when we see snow at the beginning of January
Thanks to the one aho made the graph and didnt put austria in it xD
Honestly, I've lost count and overview of our current scandals
Let's just say I was happy when my grandma's license was taken away because she certainly was a great danger to herself and others
I a - Mee too
Humanity is long gone
I saw the movie ,,raw" from 2016 when we stayed at a hotel when we went to cracow for a schooltrip
It’s telling that many in Norbert Hofer’s party actually blamed Farage’s intervention for its defeat
silly as it sounds but Sid Meiers Pirates!
What are their views about topics like politics, morals, other beliefs and perspectives
Well they are responsible if they got told about it and decided to do nothing.
What
Well we were there for a trip and visted a big blue store
Give us back our anthem or we
Still, I wouldn't say it's "far". Schneeberg isn't that far away
The interest rates only decreased more when the Euro was created
&#x200B;
Still got most of it though
* Russia maybe too bc those guys really
Adolf Hitler probably
But then he again he drank molotov under the table,
However, it's located next to a big, gorgeous lake, there are a ton of things to do as a tourist in the surrounding area and it has a statue of a Dragon on its main square
I'd rather not talk at all than talk standard german.
Pretty discriminatory, but then again no other religion tries to pull this sort of shit on such a scale:
9 Million): Completely oversized for a small country like Austria (~8
Since primary and middle schools aren't managed federally, they can have other measures put in place
"Luxury"?
Two other factors:
We live in the capital, right in the center
"ungern" ist actually pretty funny
Although Austria only has about 8
It's r/austria, but better
A US that's a bit less interventionist is a good thing.
Thank you Vespuccian
Yeah, you're fucked
you make it sound like deportations are so difficult.
close, same  civilization, same almost everything as Germany
I also like English, because it helps me talk with so many people around the world
Franz, Erich, Johann, Walter, Karl
My grandmother was about 12 when the war ended
(He ordered the cutlery too late)
My teacher once joked that with that accent I would get beat up by angry and drunk Scotsmen if I ever were to visit some of the more dingy pub's in some parts of England
One thing that nowadays sometimes comes up is allied memorials
No problem
maybe because most people who own cattle have a truck or transporter here
I know it as "Eintropf-Suppe" (drop-in-soup) - you can use left over flour and egg from making Schnitzel
Are we just randomly insulting people's national histories now?
There actually is A LOT of austrian history in the interwar period that is often forgotten because of WW2
Not every week then, if you're talking about periods
But they don't carry them around unless something big happened
What do you mean by that
Pff, you just didn't know what's best for you ;)
Austria jokes mostly about Vienna about nearly everything possible
Of course, a roommate and a host family is a bit different, but basically it's the fastest way to find our what kind of person you will share your home with
The geographic term is well defined, but Balkan is more a cultural concept around here, associated with music, food, ethnicities, culture etc
The single market has 32 members, 32 mostly different cultures, 32 different standardisations, it's the king of all FTAs, you think that can work without an overarching governing body making regulations for all members equal?
It wasn‘t difficult, but I was really nervous
You mean, you are good at distinguishing between these countries, or you could just tell that someone is from *one of* these countries
Voila, you have Apfelsaft gespritzt, or how they call it in Germany "Apfelschorle"
Either from apple, pear or plum
more like ex austria amirite
Well maybe the project EU isn't just about funding less developed memberstates in the east, maybe we expect a litte solidary in return i.e.
Just look at the historical trend.
yes, and you really don't like such people in your country.
But it should be
We Austrians also think that we've got a sense of humor compared to the Germans.
Idk where they learned that
You cannot record the entirety of a language bc there's almost infinite combinations of words, situations and contexts, new coinages, personal fiction etc etc.
But: After signing the contract, she will earn €150 less.
well, I've lived in a city where the communist party is in the city council and I have to admit it was the most voteable party there.
- Our "default face" is neutral, that might be interpreted as angry/sad by Americans.
" (You got the trash, baby
We couldn't sleep until very late, and constantly looked out of the window to check if we could see the Hobagoaß somewhere in the dark
everybody else
In Austria it's definitely much harder than in the US (I got my license there), but most of all it's more time-consuming and much more expensive.
"Das österreichische Wörterbuch". It is distinct in that it uses Austrian words and gramatical versions that are unique to Austria
Yeah no one would use it
off
Or even worse: „Austria eh
>By the way, early marriage, as in late teens and early twenties, did happen quite a bit, but generally only in the case of an unplanned pregnancy
The first fucked up thing is the same as the Germans
More like, for an adult native speaker no everyday word is really new
One of his fathers is my grandpa but the other one isn't.
* Group A: Turkey, Italy, Wales, Switzerland
I tried but I just couldn't do it
Now we got a few sunny days before a possibly rainy start of July but fingers crossed it's just a pessimistic weather report
But it's commonly very accepted i'd say.
Currently living in France (> 1 year), it's possible to get them but they arn't popular
My side: Everything good on this lovely green earth
Jeez guys, I really just meant to say that the COMPANY Red Bull is Austrian
His trains also ran to special "camps"
Of course I also fell multiple times, but I don't have clear memories of that
Or maybe his ancestors struck a pact with Asmodeus and now he can cast the Thaumaturgy cantrip
I wonder how the people react now after the pope told to not discriminate the homosexuals
So basically all of New Jersey.
Basically, the 19-year-old monarch Franz Joseph had it personally commissioned, so he could bombard his own people in case they became "unruly" again
Why
In Austria nobody really thinks the hammer and sickle in our CoA have to do anything with communism, so it's not really an issue either
You forgot to mention Hitler, he seems to be quite popular on r/europe
If you're writing this from an Austrian POV, I think it was actually brilliant
And given all the other answers hre, it's visible well why people liked to have >10 kids
Only because we learn English at school and sometimes eat at a burger restaurant doesn't mean we have given up our culture.
If they are sure he was responsible for the ambassy fire
yeah, it depends if there is more the the North German, cold and efficent, stereotype used or the Lederhosen stereotype.
No they're not, they're shitty compared to Austrian alps, as soon as you cross the border, they just rise in quality and I'm totally not lying :^)
Sweet home Austria
Pronunciation should also have been British, but our teachers were all Austrian, and except for one, they all had a *strong* Austrian/German accent.
Red bull does the marketing and sell it internationally
Wildalpen it is
The elections already happened and Hofer lost.
"Historic Centre of Vienna" sounds very vague.
So there was a Roman metal working facility there
Well at least the government in Austria says that there is a 2-3 year waiting period.
That leaves, say, 80% of $91
You're welcome in /r/aeiou, old friend!
Just as an aside, Austrian English speaker tend to pronounce the initial voiced th (as in "the") as d rather than s. So it would be:
It is treason then
but wouldn't than Camilla be the Queen?
this could be the root of my confusion...
Austrian presidential elections resulted in a center-left/left president, Germany is either going to have Merkel, or move slightly to the left with Schulz, with the AfD potentially losing more.
Du hast den Sinn meines Posts überhaupt nicht verstanden.
That leaves, say, 80% of $91
We have the FPÖ right wing party, which is struggling to separate itself from common sense
May I introduce you to the Korean Demilitarized Zone
you really miss out if you have been to Mallorca and not seen these
Princip's shot started it, but that wasn't yet war, just terrorism
ban social credit scores
I haven't heard of anyone using it for ages though
My foreign husband realized that at some point and he thinks it is really weird how little Austrians cook in general and when I am abroad (of course not when I am just a tourist) I notice it too
They would change site anyway
You must be a masochist
Well, why do *you* want to normally start a conversation with a European tourist?
To add to the confusion of the presidential role, let me mention that there is a chancellor of Switzerland
But looking good and well groomed with long hair is definitely more work than with short hair, talking from my own experience
They are like theme park rides
wait
- Mali
Never again even though the sea level is raising (insert sad emoji here)
Otherwise it's not a topic at all
It depends - there are some clear rules how to write words on German and people sure would have a certain success rate in writing an unknown word correctly if they are already good at orthography
Hab' ich den Anschluss verpasst
Furniture stores often have a "Pritsche" (small flatbed) to rent too
Slovenian is even an official minority language here, so you get a translator if you need one
Hiafla ist ein Trottel :‘D but tbh I‘ve never heard that either (Am styrian lol)
Where you in Schladming
Ah, it should say "Grease"!
All from city people who drive into the forests and go mushroom picking
Just privatize a bit more infrastructure, clearly there's some great business opportunity to be had there
Do you guys normaly get much snow down there
No u
Mustard, soft cheese, capers and sliced picled onions
But if we are talking about how modern Austria got it's identity it was the aftermath of WW2
Yeah it's pretty obvious that speed alone won't get us far but the general public doesn't seem to care about it anyways
- *a lot* about Greeks (in all their shapes and forms), Romans and Celts (the ones that lived here of course, not the island Celts)
Personally I just don't trust the English
I'm pretty Sure the Curriculum changed since I've went to school, I was pretty sad that we learned so little about the celts, a bit about Hallstatt culture
I know I (considering myself moderately left) would have struggled voting for Hillary.
Basically it means the citizens themselves (the bricks) are the souvereign, not a royal
Idk what it is but I feel like  many people are born on the countryside and move to the city because easier access to everything
How does a bracelet help against sunburn?
So basically a direct translation
People being constantly negative
Burgenland, the combo breaker smh
(Also they may be regional)
Then there are many Not so Common one
Who would
And I thought I was the only crazy person doing this
There's also a pronounced multicultural and especially slavic influence in Vienna due to history
let other cities be the center of the alien action for once (also I think it would be a lot of fun to see places you recognize in all these explosion scenes for a change)
I use the old fingers and knife method
- A "Schwedenbombe" or Swedish bomb is what they call a "Mohrenkopf" or Moorish head in Germany (yes, that's racist), i.e. a kind of small chocolate-covered cake filled with foamy sugar
the country names go in alphabetical order from North to South (works in English and German), and for the capitals, the first one has two weird double consonants like the Estonian language uses, and the other two are in alphabetical order again
Holy shit look at those mountains
Or, you know, an innocent typo
There are some interesting studies that the majority of germans don't really understand the exact meaning of a lot of english marketing slogan used in germany, like 'I'm loving it (McDonalds).
Always sad to see "hurr durr Iran, sand and terrorists" comments
As the top poster said, "staple" is wrong
>	Her rent is slightly lower, but she lives in a small apartment (and has a deal that isn’t available to the average person), and I live in (by European standards) a medium sized house
I'm pretty fucking positive your average Swiss *can't* afford to travel by private jet
In Austria, where I live now, it's not THAT popular and I might get some comments like "Taliban" which I reply that most philosophers and scientists of the ancient world had beards
At least with a focus on cyber and disasters we can actually make a difference
The next week someone else accidentally set a car on fire
As German is the main language in several countries, sometimes articles have subsections for Germany, Austria, etc
Vienna can't complain
Border
&#x200B;
Similar to ш. No idea where the rest comes from though
I still like the argument that Austria is actually the last remaining piece of the HRE
This varies in my own experience
Thanks for the hint on accumulating vs distributing ETFs!
I think she's supposed to be "pan-Latino" without any specifications (Mexican, Cuban, Puerto Rican etc
He won 86 world cup races during his career
Bavaria is quite big although, only a little bit smaller than Austria
they are the weirdos that have a room only for the toilet
Yes
:) I'm female and live in Germany, so it was about Germany.
2 years ago I was visiting Paris with my mother
Without him I would have never got my lost phone back
This isn't "dictatorship style". What happens here is requesting that citizens take their responsibility for society (people benefit, not the government or the leader) seriously to get benefits paid for by society
The only insult that would work is one, that plays with his mommy issues
Otoh we do wear a lot of Tracht and Loden - Trachtenmode has even made a huge comeback over the last years
Salzburg - directly translated it means "Salt Castle", the name stems from the salt trading and manufacturing in the region
a - too
The thing is that it isn't considered a proper crime for a reason, unless you're speeding too much
I don't trust German/Austrian/Scandinavians politicians to be brave enough to quickly allow an intervention or a military operation.
Even works on really expensive "credit card proof" locks
During the Kosovo War in '99 the US interfered without UN mandate so Austria, as a neutral country, didn't allow the US Air Force to enter our airspace for bombing runs from German NATO airfields to Kosovo
I meet more honhonhons than jajajajas tbh.
I couldnt even get the ingredients
And don't ask questions about the new police station
Metternich was a dick to the Hungarians and Italians
I don't see why BDR has to have a monopoly on German nationality.
I would add a short letter of presentation!
Those that exist that I am aware of are usually turkish owned I think, but they aren't exactly the same type of shop, at least if I compare them to the ones I have seen in Brussels/Barcelona.
Burkhard was part of a failed uprising against [Otto II] and deposed of in 976
VOTE LE STYLO ET PAS POUR LE ISLAMISTE FILOU QUI VENDU A DES ETRANGERS
If they open the gates at the top an additional 5500 m^3 /s can flow down the river without spilling into the city.
>I can get on a plane in Atlanta and fly for 6 hours to Seattle, and when I get off the plane everything is more or less the same
Nope, we say "das 17
Based
Madame Tussauds
Low-key kinda salty still
Everyone and his dog is online today so the habits transfer to real life.
(year not age)
just burn it and replace it with austrian towels to assemble doninace
You must be thinking about people staying past the 90 days to work.
Or friends of that minister calling each other to understand what work it was that they got money from a company that bought a couple of thousand apartments from the state after increasing their offer to be less than 1% above the previously best offer
With that logic Nikola Tesla would be considered Austrian
It‘s so nice there and overall really great
For pensions I don't really know how it works, sorry
Almost any bit of Italian got me a smile in Italy
Furthermore I would be afraid to move to other neighbors of us because of the language barrier and you have to deal with a lot of bureaucracy if you live abroad.
Hm, I am very opposed to getting a far-right discounter as our president, but at least we will have the opportunity to get rid of him at the next election and not have to deal with his entitled offsprings for generations to come.
Holy Shit
But that Evangelical shit is a very fringe thing, and they are very quiet
Iceland participated in [ISAF] in Afghanistan, which seems to count here as war (same thing for Austria and Finland)
There's also a forum where people can ask questions, but it's not available inside the mobile app
Ambulance (correct translation: Rettungswagen)
Really
I have a foreign name and I really love it (it is also a great conversation starter with Bulgarians)
tbf the inner and outer organs of common staple food animals (cattle, pigs, chicken, sheep) are eaten in most cultures
Do you know who made [Pinoccio] I couldn't find it on IMDB
Marriage usually only happened when you were 27+ and could support your own household with a partner
* 1955 Re-founding of the state, in it's current form
Off topic, but I noticed your flair.
probably not global warming, probably
Does the right wing want to abandon your neutrality?
can't really say "british" either because that will or won't correctly include some island
Well I think we aren't as good as many people saw us but most of our players played really bad too.
First time I heard of this song
Sure
Wouldn't have it any other way
austria was the final spark for ww1, but you can't take the second one away from germany.
Das wusste ich noch nicht
When influencers talk about a photo shoot in English they often call "a shooting" because for some reason we decided to incorrectly incorporate that word into our language
You can't really but bars or exterior metal blinds on those windows
Christmas 4 years ago were the attacks on the Christmas market in Germany
On the countryside it‘s still common in middle schools to teach cooking and housekeeping
We used to own it
Yeah, it’s not and that’s my opinion
it's just that we in the east see people in the mountain regions as mountain hillibillies
There were also a fair amount of rapes, something my grandmother became aware of because her father had her do inside chores whenever he could and occasionally ordered her to hide under her brother's bed and keep quiet because sometimes soldiers came (or maybe the same one each time, I'm unsure about that) and asked specifically for her
I thought my post is going to trigger t_d, instead its a bunch of salty Brexiteers
I'm listening to Spotify right now, never felt like bothering with Apple Music
For regions, probably yes
Most notably the du/je - ihr/jullie differences.
"Austrian" Royalty, they were yours first ;)
I am really looking forward to visiting your beautiful city!
Iron Path
The taxi scam happened to me multiple times the same day
Farmers, people who speak dialect, have an obsession with tractors
Could be Lake Victoria
However probably it's older than that
I can do 200km/h, have a cigarette break / time out instead of getting a speeding ticket and then continue to do 200
- I occasionally enjoy very sparkling water
Allowing companies to keep overcharging customers does not in any way imply those companies will improve grid services.
> Here is where things start to get less clear
And yet everbody on the left is convinced both will be an utter disaster.
He once told us, how his first job was smuggling a huge backpack full of condoms, because condoms (as well as abortions) were illegal under Franco
Guess it because we're neutral
According to r/Austria, even people in Vienna felt it
Turkey intervened and landed troops on the island
let me live with the celts of Bad Dürnberg and Hallstadt, but before they were going south to piss of some romans
OBject and obJECT
There are two names in German: Tschechien (which is used most often) and Tschechei (some us it, most however try not to, since this is what Hitler used to call it).
But aren't there many counties missing
19th is generally considered to be a rich district (there is affordable stuff as well though), has a lot of greenspace and is on the outskirts of the city
B: "Bist du deppert oder was
Doch
Not a huge fan of mountains to be honest.
We normally say Tschau, you can guess where that comes from
Dear americans
There are definitely easier places to smuggle people in to, I don't think Switzerland is the prime destination for that
Our space pioneers can't be valued enough
It's not a tourist thing
On the one hand, it can mean that there is (not) enough time, but it can also mean there is (not) enough space, or something doesn’t fit
4) Form dough into a roll and cut off discs
Maybe somebody else can help out
Everything above 1500m you say "Servus" instead of "Grüß Gott"
Hungary: confused relieve
Never really thought of it as bread to be honest
Sure, we could also turn the table and say the opposite though haha
I did it once after a trip to some city with friends and afterwards we hung out at my apartment and tried all the disgustingly sweet food with bad artificial flavourings
> We are at the forefront of Europe in cocaine use
Thus the political image of the USA being the school bully who takes what he pleases and thinks he's popular
Oh, they don't come down the chimney, they are described as kind of flying around outside and dropping things off under the christmas tree on christmas eve, through the window I guess
I wasn't telling you what you said.
The same exists for greetings
I had to read most of them too
I've been once
Nobody would have an issue if the toll would apply to everyone.
What can be said is that the provinces hate Vienna and Vienna hates the provinces
I know a lot of people who love it but let's be honest that's just gross
Yea I know
I loved the "shower singer" (money destroys the soul of art), and the Roberto Benigni storyline (fame is temporary)
I wonder why the inhabitants made them so beautiful
Not exactly neighbours, but close enough:
I'll tell you buddy if we ever meet in the morning I will very rudely refuse to wish you a good morning and not even acknowledge your existence
people ITT: apparently not knowing the option of choosing a weird/fun/interesting name as the second or third name
Except South Tyroleans for what it's worth
At a certain point something has to give
as someone who frequents certain porn sites, i may or may not be able to confirm that there are tons of videos of turks getting caught in the act with non-human partners.
Police closed the bridge to the 1st district as I was going in that direction
But I personally think the [Trackshittaz] are in the race here too
Not the HRE but a new empire called
Sumemr time
Sure you do, that's why people have a passport usually
Exhibit B: any Latin American country
Same here in Austria, but for a US citizen like OP it's all the same, "taxes".
I am not complaining
Smoked fish, pickled vegetables, egg and lots of mayo in aspic.
Judging the comments on r/canada when it comes to Trudeau, quite a bunch of canadians would probably prefer austrian politics.
In Austria we used to have 4 years between parliamentary elections and recently changed it to 5.
Are you talking about accents or dialects
good idea,I would rather be in Yugoslavia lmfao
It's important to note that it is *not* a a strictly defined set of letters that you have to adhere to for all of your life
Dude, no offense, but in some areas of your eastern parts
The green party is pretty succesful in all bigger cities
At each stop there are food stands and of course small wooden bars
For some reason, this reminds me of the movie 'Yellow Submarine', during (or around) the time when *Eleanor Rigby* is played
It’s this highly artificial, yet tasty soda brand, that basically has all the flavours that Fanta doesn’t over here: Grapefruit, Pear, Peach, Grape and of course Tutti Frutti
TIL Arnie war auch ein Schwarzkappelzwerg
Usually the "Small" has more people
And I am not even speaking of the real downhill trails
Another example from [Matthäus-Passion] (J. S. Bach) as used in Wolf Haas' "Komm, süßer Tod" (sorry, couldn't resist) as "o" is often used in an ecclesiastical context
The changes are getting more pronounced every year
Just split it up in its single words, pronounciation is quite straightforward.
come on, Wehrpflicht in case of Hochwasser
Oh right, so the A is pronounced kind of like a scandinavian å?
Such a beautiful country with a plethora of culture to experience
look up heraldry/vexillology, often the official form of the flag (including heraldic animal) is defined in a specific law.
ZF is from Germany though
I rather have myself a hot Burenheidl, at my local neighbourhood Hurenbeidl
Wow, I'm used to all my pro-EU subs so much by now that I was extremely surprised by mostly neutral and some negative answers
Amstetten truly is Austrias sex dungeon
Therefore it can also mean "good day/evening/night/whatever".
You people are seriously underpaid and mistreated, for work that is *absolutely* essential, and it's a shame how you're well-being is nothing but a playball to party politics
Guess it makes companies' lives easier and fills their purse because no one wants to talk about it
And the weather sucks
Edit: I forgot to mention that my English teacher talks to us in German most of the time
That's an excellent point I hadn't even considered
You can criticize politicians for their decisions, you can't criticize the whole of the EU for decisions of a number of democratically elected politicians without also attacking the whole process by which they were chosen
and people wonder why im against feminism
However I do recognise that it's a stupid bill
Last time i did this i was still in elementary school and itwas for a school photo, teacher told us to say "cheese" but we chose to say "Ameisenscheiße" ("ant shit") most of the time
Distinct languages we don't have any, but we have minority languages from the neighboring countries in border regions which we collectively tend to forget about very often
The „Administration Court“ VWGH, Verwaltungsgerichtshof
Of course some of the policies he is pushing for more less reality in Europe but overall I think he is still a fair bit more left than most European politicians
Outside the city: Anything with less than one to two hours driving necessary is close, anything above that is far
Das fängt an wie man die Zeit bezeichnet
We have lockers in the hallway for our clothes, though they're used less and less the older students get, and cupboards in the back of the classrooms for all our books and stuff
And the real Sisi did love horse-riding
I'd like to add two
Drunk attacking our own army
Are there any official communication channels from the EU commission, that give details about what that deal will most likely include, or what has been negotiated so far
I also don't think it's necassary in the age of the internet, where instructions for any dishes or techniques are available online
So many of our German words have different roots, we don't even realise
Big oof
He was very much master of his own destiny.
Es ist heute ein warmer Tag und die Sonne scheint, aber ich präferiere kalte Wintertage mit Schnee und Eis
Squad
There's no respite
forests are cut by an austrian company like the is no tomorrow
I think he looks very gnomy
So reality already contradicted you
Lol true actually
In any case, such phrases are so old-fashioned (like powdered wig old-fashioned) that anybody who uses them does so ironically
Street is Straße, road is Landstraße, but can also be just Straße.
What also shouldnt be done is returning 60 bottles at once
Personally I have no problems with it and find it pretty stupid
So whats your theory why pretty much every huge ship, electro-generators and trains are run with diesel
there was excitement in the air, fundamental changes for the better coming
Why does it look so photoshopped
"I" being short for ich/I, "a" meaning "auch"/too, "ein"/a
Our class brought BBQ equipment, music and drinks and had a grill party in the school yard while blasting loud music
Do we
Low corporate tax rates are already standard pretty much everywhere.
Have a wonderful day/evening/night
"Diet" is at least here more connoted with products ok with diabetic diet
Well, not really
It comes from Grundbirn(e), which comes from Grundapfel.
I was normally talking to my friends on the bus and the tram and multiple people kept looking at us weirdly, which was probably because we were talking in our local dialect to each other.
And there has never been a crime or attack comitted with a legal magazine that has now been banned
It's more popular than chicken, but it's not in indruduced in the wild.
[Schlipfkrapfen] They're not even that well known in the rest of Austria, but they are so delicious
But after a certain point of development it is indeed looked down upon
It worked in Austria and yes, he has a quite Austrian kind of humour ("Thank you for this eye-opener").
Generally, traditional clothing like Lederhosen and Dirndl are primarily worn to social events
This seems to be a typical reaction.
Spanish, but the one spoken in Latin Amerika and Central America
as it is [already]idiom
) and have to say: they're very well organized, extremely friendly and helpful
Talking about him is kind of a taboo topic in the family but sometime they talk about him a little
It's funny how everyone reports Austria's result as
Romania for instance doesn’t. It looks like when they drew the new borders in 1918 they paid much attention to not dividing any cities
The whole "West" thing is very amorph.
So their importance really is limited to the border regions.
It's hard to choose if you have 1 city and else only villages of various sizes
Actively at the moment
You can't route modern traffic through medieval town centers as there might not be enough space
It is a privilege and should be earned.
The one in Afghanistan was a peace keeping and humanitarian mission tough
To be fair, many words borrowed from French in English like *to try* have been so anglicized that there's little worth in recognizing its connection to French outside of etymological interest.
As taken from Wikipedia
yes, but are quebecois really canadian?
In written German, "ich", or occasionally "ick", especially further north, have been used for a long time, even though read aloud/spoken people would say "I", "Ig", "Ih" or whatever else
The Bavarians are like our close relatives but not necessarily our best friends.
The childlike behavior of the Turkish foreign minister shows why the veto was absolutely necessary.
- quite a bit about the tribal migration period in the late Antiquity/early Middle Age period and its various protagonist peoples/tribes (Hunns, Goths, Vandals, Langobards, Franks, Alemans etc
We have the same
I know
Es lässt sich laut seiner Posthistory schließen, dass er in Vorarlberg wohnt
Its just because the harsher sounds of Hochdeutsch just don't lend themselves well to what my tongue is used to, and I have to on-the-fly translate some words and phrases that are not normally used in standard german
I saw the movie ,,raw" from 2016 when we stayed at a hotel when we went to cracow for a schooltrip
Nobody seems to know about the troubled times between the two world wars
Oh there are tons, so this is by far not a full list but just some examples:
I think we have a lot more international connections to western Europe than Budapest
[What is our life worth
And that no member of the ÖVP got any flak for their fascist experiment back in their CS days in 34
If you do an image search of "Carnival Germany" you'll find lots.
Sometimes in a story a nazi will be Austrian, he is generally the MOST evil of all.
Yes, it‘s a combination of many different factors
Well no considering Austrian cuisine has a lot of Balkan foods .
The thing that most people remember though is the "Energy Protection Ring".
* Alpine Skiing World Cup
Humans as a apecies are weird
on the other hand, many other countries "use" metric but are stuck somewhere in conversion limbo
Latinos usually stick mostly with Spanish (which arguably sounds way more eloquent than Castillian Spanish), but know enough Basque to get by
Now lets see how the name has developed in other Germanic languages: Swedish Österrike, Danish Østrig, Frisian Eastenryk, Faroe Eysturríki, Norwegian Austerrike, Dutch Oostenrijk, Scots Austrick, Icelandic Austurríki
IIRC there were some vandalism edits on his wikipedia page shortly before they announced the ban, including the cockroach one
Sneaking in wasn‘t too hard as well
Normally they are part of a beggar syndicate
but you don't wear the same shoes you wear outside when in your house, do you
Going to watch a movie in cinema alone
Europeans are now living in a 70-year period of peace, longer than any other in all written history – more than two thousand years.
Vatican especially, plus great tourist target, plus still something noteworthy in the diplomatic world even when many people don't care about religion nowadays
Not to mention non-Austro-Bavarians
We call tape "Tixo". In Germany it's called Tesafilm I think
So a “șmecher” became a person who is hard to fool
No seriously, to what kind of food are you referring ?
Radetzky grew up in the 1770s - a time were the national genesis of most of central Europe was far from the spring of nations 80 years later
same :/
Edit: I'd also like to nominate this as "the weirdest or funniest thing a foreigner said".
> People really know next to nothing about Wyoming Delaware or Nebraska
Gusch
Sometimes I use both
000:
-My deck of Yu-Gi-Oh cards was stolen in school when I was 12
The CS/VF was there to indicate that its basically the same party
If I see someone fly an Austrian Flag I automatically assume they are right wing or at least conservatives
Once you get over the weird spelling rules [(orthography)] I guess it's not too hard
one of the reasons why i might move to germany
Another thing that matches up: (K) *Potassium*, which is *Kalium* in German
Those sites are blocking you because they refuse to comply with the GDPR
Pouring sauce on a crisp and delicious Schnitzel
I gotta agree that SAS is really oversensitive/generic in many cases, but some [gems like this fella] definitely deserve being made fun of because of their ignorance.
well mexico and india joined the eu anyways, so thats ok
Often ice cream on top of fruit salad
Let me [openly doubt that premise]
At the last stop the tree is sold in an auction which pays for everything (buying it is more an act of philanthropy as the tree has to be prepped for being pulled and is basically very expensive firewood)
We have eternal neutrality in our constitution (immerwährende Neutralität).
The „birthday of the zoo“ is said to be July 31st 1752, when Emperor Franz Joseph I. Stephan first allowed friends and other visitors to go into the zoo
In German it's just "robot"
Only baked [like this] if they are cooked they are usually peeled
And Germans gatekeep the German Wiki pretty well, so sometimes a more generic Google search yields better results
Transmission was cut after a few seconds
also if i'm not mistaken the newspapers have been raving about how every eu country's economy is getting better.
outro in german, makes me smile...
The closer you are to a subject, the more you can get away with
I just know that one hreat-grandfather served and died in an US prisoner camp
I am using SPDR Small Cap world (which has also 0.45% TER) as well iShares MSCI Emerging Markets Small cap (which is even worse with 0.74%).
So: are fruit filled dumplings "a thing" elsewhere
John Rabe, a Nazi businessman, is celebrated as a hero in China, and had his former home repurposed as a memorial hall
1st) I have 2 masters, 1 in economics and the other one in communications (that's the lesser one
The ones joking about Vienna are just jealous because they don't live in the world's most livable city
I am always wondering if they can’t get a German native speaker to check the wording or if they simply don’t care
More formal conversations are often like that: [Other person: "Hello this is ... . Am I talking with ... ? Me: "Yes it is ... here, what is it about
Do you have many contracts or just one?
If you look at it like that it was an extreme feat but not unexpected
They discovered dead and wounded soldiers and easily took Karánsebes
Actually, on my way to my High School (17 kilometers) I would pass 4 brothels.
The same guy trying to get manager positions for close party friends within the country's largest casino corporation in trade for new laws favoring the casino
Austrian German speakers tend to replace it with "d" rather than "s"
The reasons for this are different for each of the south European nations
The real fail I guess is predicting 28 cents per card, shipping is more
If my mom baked and I‘m down I go with her apple pie, but mostly when I‘m sad I either don‘t eat at all or go with [Toffifee]
But *everybody* knows Strache
So that's where we have our nice word "Palatschinke(n)" from (n for the plural).
Below ~0 I take a thicker jacket
In Tirol there's 2 variants, either -a or -r.
Europeans, being lovely as always.
Also, I'd add the Ars Electronica in Linz
you have the best female bouldering competitor though
I had to research this myself, since it's a little complicated.
Austria:
It was the standard with my family and also with my schoolmates families
That looks like a mouth to me (with a really derpy expression), with the gaping *real* mouth being the neck
So obviously black people for examples wouldn't fit that description because most people in poland are white
My older siblings had already learned how to ride on that bike, and I think the bike is still circulating somewhere in the extended family
Good thing the republican voters are the ones with the most guns then.
[Are you talking about this study
But obviously we also have Neo-Nazi who would probably give you a different answer
(a hard fight has slain you in two, south tyrol was taken from you)
Jetzt wird alles besser" hieß es damals
I like everywhere really, but the dolomites are just astounding
Too bad she had to total her car (luckily nobody seriously hurt) before
My grand father served from 1939 to 1945 where he was imprisoned somewhere in Siberia
Austrians were austrian and not german
Lüneburg
The official language is [Austrian German] I'd say the differences to German in Germany is roughly like British and American English.
Should be obvious
And give the west any importance
Or we have ~~slave labour~~ a conscription military, which only the men have to slave away in, nobody is asking for equality there, making this sex/gender irrelevant would be a landmark decision towards equality
My bank representative is from the Balkans
these are surprisingly wrong
Schwül means humid/timid weather, schwul means gay
As an Austrian, I feel connected to other "small neighbour countries", like Ireland or New Zealand
Thus: a dialect of Dutch
I sometimes see people saying "Wiederschauen", which means as much as "Goodbye", to the busdriver, when exiting through the front door
I never had any negative experiences at work (or if they were negative, they didn't have anything to do with my gender).
[Wachauer Marille] is actually a protected geographical indication
My friend looked at me with a are-you-fucking-kidding-me look
56% of our people voted for far right parties
> How does it affect you and other residents
;-)
In Tyrol we say "Fleischkas". Did you like it
I recently learned some Norwegian and it was surprising how close it was to German (especially Austrian German)
Was depressed after 10 minutes
(Seriously, don't do the Hitler salute here, it's not edgy, but only incredibly shitty
Disney tends to leave out all the good parts
They also have lots of [Sahrawi] immigrants/refugees, who speak ofc Arabic, good enough Basque and a little Spanish
Getreu dem Motto: Okay, diese Seite scheint Europäer zu haben ... In Europa (natürlich besonders auf den britischen Inseln) wird diese schlechte Sprache als europäisch gesprochen ... aber irgendwie kann ich immer noch verstehen, was sie schreiben
Twice a year
We just know how to get the last penny out of every tourist.
The heavy accents of *German West Hungary* are a pain to understand ;)
Grammar is doable, but with lots and lots of hard work
Not only the ones you mentioned but of course also: Hascheeknödel (dumpling filled with ground sausage leftovers), Speckknödel (filled with Speck/Ham), Grammelknödel (what is Grammel in english
Oh right
The tailor with his huge scissors is drawn so dynamically and swift
Maultasche, meaning "whore" or "vicious woman") in contemporary ecclesiastical propaganda.
That's probably the most interesting alternative history timeline to me
Could be both, but it is usually at the high-up pastures or more specifically the sign is put at road's passing at the lower end of a cliff and cows are grazing at the upper end at the high alp
Finally you guys are surrounded with all the countries that speak similar languages like you
Now that I know that, Pfiat di
We didn't do nearly enough
and the nice beaches and beautiful cities
The *mural* crown (Mauerkrone, kleiner aber wichtiger Unterschied) is for the burghers
Some of them look like they're from the 1880s and not the 1990s. Incredible to see how much progress has happend in just 40 years
Not that there would be a majority for such undertaking...
Moreso in general it seems to be usually stereotyped as your average small shitty post-communist country
Why the hell would you not salt it
Is this normal behavior for a host family in Europe
I'd say it's actually quite common in young men without kids
So separatism can of course be justified if it's against an actual oppressor
You do too
Name | Party | Seat | Vote
However, (undergraduate) students are often not employed, so there are also no work hours
Are you talking about Færøyene
France, Switzerland and nearly every state in the Balkan...
I stayed reasonable and calm and they did too.
Even then sounds like super light use.
I was never a fan of her but not toooooo negative.
Because here in Austria they are essentially like a disfunctional marriage and one of the two (ÖVP) has been eyeing the FPÖ as their new boytoy for the past year or so.
I met one guy hitting on me and telling me he is from Slovakia and I asked him about it, you know small talk style, and I noticed he always used Slovenian as an adjective to Slovakia
My former boss has a name I can't even say out loud
Edit: fucking English keyboard won't let me write in German
Du halsch jez aba dine goschn
And they are definitely far-right.
All decision-making officials must be elected
As far as I see it, they started
Typically the groups just move from house to house in my town on the 5th of December
I was thinking for quite a while but i couldt figure it out thanks
Two friends and I slept at a hosting family house (hope I say it right xD) in Silverknowes street
Unfortunately Hallstatt is flooded with Asian tourists with selfie-sticks.
Greetings :)
Greece: look at your heritage
Edit: I forgot to answer the other question: a widely spread Christmas tradition for many people in Austria is watching "drei Haselnüsse für Aschenbrödel" even though the movie itself also doesn't really have anything to do with Christmas either
... but she really believed it)
And for the Americans Eastern Europe
We have dialects variations though.
Paradeiser is correct and always will be, fight me
Kaputt after Weltkrieg 2
Pretty fitting, if you ask me
> Is it moving in the direction of easing up or hardening
If you speak only German there are a few more like Wasserstoff/Hydrogen (H), Kohlenstoff/Carbon (C), Stickstoff/Nitrogen (N) and Sauerstoff/Oxygen (O) for example
In areas that are not, I'd say it's 5 out of a 100 maybe
He caught the second shot but not the first
Not hate, just don't care for it
No one said you aren't, it's just an honest and understandable mistake since whenever you read about his works you probably also get the information where he composed it, and it's most likely Vienna.
Yeah, the other half goes on other kinds of vacation
Much more about the US than Germany
I can still dream though, can't I?
No the map says its american
Also their sense for democracy, how intensely they partake in the political decision making
Austria has received more money than many other countries.
Yeah paradox and their translations...
Weasels too, but some neighbours raise chickens so I guess those attract them
Austrian standard German is proper German
Where are you looking
As long as you get into a high school and get a Matura of any sort, you can go to Uni, regardless of what you did from ages 10-14
Heinz Fischer 1938, Graz
Nope
Beschäftigung von ausländischen Arbeitskräften
For Norway it's special that the king took the tram in 1973, here we have weekly posts of the president in a tram or the metro
An identity can emerge anew at any time
Strangers asking for directions and stuff like that are obviously different, I try to help them of course.
I don't know but Austrians usually put eggs in the fridge
Uff, my girlfriend is very very very Basque
Once Ive put on Facebook that I got a baby an MLM brigade came after me, it was insane
"Kannst mir schnell das Salz geben"
Still Austria gained much land in our history (for example there was a time the sun didn't set in Austria when spain and mexico belonged to us) due to their marriage policy
Rathalos
-**clean air
Ketchup and so on are okay
That's incredible
Ditto on the money department
Germany got a whopping 10% of the ERP while in the east alone machinery that exceeded the total value of that program for the whole of Europe was dismantled and sent to the USSR.
Completely different from pub culture
;-)
My side: Everything good on this lovely green earth
Eidt: I've actually misread something, Pardon me
Are you stuck up and arrogant
Österreich-Ungarn
Some other fascist who got all the fans of the 3 guys mentioned before
They don't give a rat's ass about the fetus, they just get a hard-on from policing women's bodies
Some very slow, some very fast and the vast majority at adequate speeds, i guess
I think "foret noire" or "Schwarzwälder Kirschtorte" is of German origin
The full English is a bit heavy for me, but porridge ever so often - I normally eat cold cuts and vegetables - is great
>Haven't you heard this
Du bist nix für mi ois a kloana gschissena Viutrottl, I gabat da so a Wotschn wirs di Wölt no net gsegn hot, host me?
>No idea where švinglc comes from
The german dialects I all understand without any problems
A lame duck who's trying to get back lost voters from the Freedom party by making promises he can't keep.
Ehhh
Meaning 18-21yos are punished more gravely than minors, but lighter than normal adults.
That's why I found my new home there
I don't know, but the EU recently allowed Croatia to join Schengen, which I presume is a good sign
Because their politicians aren't absolute morons
I couldn't think of a country we like
Badly fitting clothes mostly, the really fat ones don't make it over the Atlantic usually.
It gets interesting when you are not sure if you are high enough to be informal
Maybe they're just so used to tear gas at that point, that they've created some kind of immunity
>I mean Austria is probably one of the most irrelevant neighbours for Germany after all
Well, I've heard a couple of Bavarians saying that they are not German.
Any creation of a law is a political process.
"Na dann
Well, as per the criteria laid out by OP, Vatican is cheating
A lot of them throw away their passports and i think there are some legal issues with just dropping them off in a "random" country.
Try understanding one Austrian from 50 kilometers away....
I'm glad you like it :)
If you think that interest rates will rise, you'll want until *after* they have risen and invest in the newly-issued bonds with higher rates.
Oh, wie ist das schön!
In Austria we call that being Catholic
Have a beer, view over the whole region, great place
Lol, so you are saying the only thing we all like is the thing we can't have
i have a feeling everyone wants to scam you there
Noted and same
I literally have feelings for this country
Heineken = Dutch = Nazis, according to history professor Recep Tayyip E.
If mutation breeding was new, the very same people would raise a shitfit about that too.
I just tried imagining what Trump's attempt on explaining this would be
Overall we have many dialects, I looked up how many and according to YouTube videos too many to even count them
There's only a few that write in what we call 'Blockschrift', so letter by letter on its own.
Uranium ore doesn't just magically appear or disappear so there should be some running costs.
Bribery also exists in privately run environments
FTTB isn't really a thing here either
We did it
It's not "that one German super highway".
By not vaccinating your kids, you not only harm them, but you also harm others
Had to google that island, I always love geographical curiosities like that
But lots of forums I am on don't support embedding videos.
Can you maybe relate to Thüringen, Sachsen, Hessen, Baden Württemberg more or not at all to German culture
I, a citizen of Vienna, can only endorse the stuff about Vienna
I can even her Teal'c saying "Indeed" somewhere around the corner
Not what I expected at all
When I was a kid my dad always brought a case or two when he was in Murau
Why
Austrian chiming in its a shame that Tracht seems to go away except for those few weeks where Oktober fest is happening in munich and the smaller one here in Vienna
(Standard German word for it is 'Mais')
There is also a factory in Bludenz, Austria.
The migrant question will not be decided in germany, but at the European borders.
I mean, there are memorials built for those who fought against the french occupation
You gotta admit that's hilarious though
Probably everyone has had one ore two "bad" experiences with a cop being unfriendly, commanding, or a little "drunk with power", but most encounters you have are positive or at least professional.
In some restaurants with a sizable portion left over I've even had aluminium foil delivered by the waiter with the check unasked
Your logic to say all Hofer voters are FPÖ voters still doesn't make sense.
This may be supposed to be the Rostock-Russia traject, which is still open to some extent
That usually tells you enough, and that's usually stuff that's shared online by the person voluntarily
My Opa used to make it himself and enjoy a drink..
Since the UK left we now have to pay even more
Schwedenbomben have a 95% market share among "Mohrenküsse" in Austria, because they're the best
We should just stop all road construction unless 50% of workers are female
As kids we played rock, paper, scissors, well
What the law accomplishes is harassment of legal gun owners, a huge strain on bureaucracy and legal confusion for all involved parties
Somebody needs to repeat that to Americans everyday
It's still up to the Parliament and the Council to ratify its suggestion
Nicht selbstsperrende Türen bekommt man eigentlich kaum mehr
Alpine skis though
You could give it to Finland in exchange for Aland
always found it interesting that the Russian capital is so far west, considering the enormous dimensions of Russia
It was a solid 105 degrees F/ 41 degrees Celsius for an entire week this month
Many others are though but mostly homegrown ones
I added much pics, mostly self taken of geographic or achictecture content, but I stoped ages ago
Potato potato
"Austria" and "Italy" should be a thing for the past
But the Emperor thought it was a good idea to make his hereditary titel on par with the Arch Bishops and the Imperial electors, so he forged a bunch of documents providing him with many new privileges and consolidating several he already had
Ahh naah
There's other EU countries with a higher refugee per capita number than Germany.
When I went to school in Austria, everyone just used tap water
Who needs a law for that
I'm not sure a lot of people would be able to tell whether someone comes from Korea or China unless they explicitly tell you
Allah
And there is a limited number of this tickets - book as soon as possible.
Need to improve my knowledge
Because during this election, the two people who get the most votes, face each other in a final election
Thanks, old nemesis ;)
Well, the French are sure something else
You can get a country flair in the side bar to the ~~left~~ right ->
do you even have eyes
Not sure why, maybe because it's shorter and doesn't require a "the".
For instance If you make 45k, instead of being taxed 20% of 45k, you will be taxed 23% on 45k, since you are making more money => more progressive tax.
I can read it well enough at least, and I think after 5 minutes of immersion I could also understand it well enough
A global society will eventually form a global state.
The day the EU is going down this path would most likely be the day where Austria triggers Art 50 TEU.
I dont say there are none at all in whole vienna, but the amount of them seems to be an absolute minority.
I think it‘s because all major central european rivers are located near or in the Blue Banana, with the river that was the central point of travel and the economy, the Rhine/Rhein, starting, going through and ending in the Blue Banana Region
I wouldn't know how to take down a gear if I want to overtake someone in an automatic car, or trust the engine break if I can't choose the proper gear.
thanks for posting this link
Neither is their SS Napoli scarf
How is that independence i don't know.
It is estimated that he saved around 200
Checking out the homepage via google resulted in "Site is Netherlands based , but most likely from Nigeria".
I also enjoyed Apeldoorn very much for pretty much the same reasons sans the beach
Also at least here there is tons of other email providers, so it's not like gmail would have a that dominant position
Wow
In the city (Vienna) just a few moths.
The Benelux states together cover slightly less total area than Austria, but have almost 4x the population.
I did it once after a trip to some city with friends and afterwards we hung out at my apartment and tried all the disgustingly sweet food with bad artificial flavourings
Belgium = waffles and chocolate
Once you got pictures like that floating around on a regular basis you have crossed the line for me.
Pretty sure this whole thread is about talking with your friends
Billion = 10^12 = 1 000 000 000 000
>the Nazi party was the only legal opposition
And some surgeries aren't free (I had a tooth surgery
We are a small, ineffectual country that relies on our European neighbors and NATO to defend us
That's what won him this election because that's the biggie for this people, for obvious reasons.
A total of 407
The gulf stream is not as important for Europe as people think.
Which for me personally is super important for my mental health
Although it was worser in the past.
THE CIA CREATED THE FPÖ? WHHHAAAT THE FUCK
I'd pick the two I'm the least attached to, if I had to choose them for this specific trip
Spain's craftsmen class on the other hand declined
12)
I must say I'm impressed by the many nice responses you got from my fellow Europeans.
I wanted to suggest [Die gute Küche] - also by Plachutta, but probably a more traditional verson.
In the east, it's not that diverse
Majority of the territory was returned, but the region was left without its capital.
That's what ruined any respect I had for America for example.
What will happen to the eurosceptic politicians of the UK in case of a Brexit?
Strategic voting is absolutely a thing
No its because they got their sovereignty back from those dirty foreigners.
Now I don't say that's all people
Where in Austria do people call it Mischung instead of Spritzer
Well but he wasn’t? It‘s not even a lie to say that
Do you have to pay for those
Also, compared the Anglisations of German(ic) names like Fried**rich** to Frede**rick**
Nono, you see, this time it's different, we are totaly not nazi, it's even verboten now
I was simply happy having to buy the alcohol at the turkish shops where they don't give a fuck
"Logical" is not the right category to use, when discussing measurements.
Otherwise, I think Salzburg gets the least hate
Just wieden
my mom got, and still gets every time, very graphic when describing the act of her giving birth to her first-born abomination, which is me, who destroyed her nether regions
I didn't say Germany is evil...
I don't know anything about Karlovy Vary - Bad Hofgastein used to be a grand, expensive summer resort at the turn of the 19th/20th century but fell into a "sleeping-beauty sleep" since then.
I don't get why though it's a really nice place to live in
Erasmus is subsidised, but still quite pricey
There's also a saying comparing former Nazis who joined the SPÖ (social democratic party) after WWII to Punschkrapferl: “red on the outside, brown on the inside”
A large portion of Austrian police have assault rifles in the car
There's this alleged hate of non-european borns in Europe
Even though they fought for the Nazis
Across the room was a woman with a little girl who was desperatly looking for a seat
We even accidentally fought our own men during war agains the ottomans
I am not exactly sure about maximum prices for certain goods, but we have what is called "laesio enormis" and "Wucher" which are juridicial tools to void a contract which either means something is very overpriced or where someone is extorted or the desperation is abused
you guys still doing the feminist snow removal thing?
> I have a bonus question: is it common in other countries to have one “kid birthday” with friends as described in this post and then another “adult birthday”/“family birthday” with family
I guess this is how everybody believes we are living
Well they certainly take their sweet time leaving.
oh surprise, the parties on the right.
Maybe everybody felt like they were in the sauna due to the heatwave
But it's a rule that basically gives you the power to ignore others, so it's fine
The point is that the guy you tell the joke to doesn't know either that it's a German soldier and the last line reveals it, right?
European countries are not states of the EU.
Well we were there for a trip and visted a big blue store
And We have a particular fondness for blaming the germans for everything
i liked the "cow of the river" memes, but they are just a austrian verion of panzer of the lake
I would rather compare it to a slightly fattier and softer/spongier Frankfurter/Wiener sausage in serious formats (a full block of Leberkäse has a few kg and about the size of a packaged sliced square sandwich bread)
this is incredibly sad
Kind of erroneous to say the Cyrillic alphabet is from Bulgaria
West
Back in Austria where I'm from (Styria) there are deer huts everywhere and I have family who hunt deer a fair bit as well as go fishing often.
One was way too young, since he was born in 1937
What all of our Assis seem to have in common is that their main source of nourishment is cheap energy drinks.
That's a dip, you can have that
probably because when all the refugees mass migrated through the country they mostly went through the little towns and rural regions, and obviously had to stay away from big cities.
That's it
Its also rarely used as a special kind of small military building
Something like an authentic native american scarve, that she can put over her shoulders?
Never been at Naschmarkt
Totally depends on the area
Antwerpen
Very similar in Austria, except Pretzel.
It's not like they tried hard to implement the steps of Minsk II
Seconded
No, because nobody says "email". Everyone just says "mail". So you'd replace a shorter word with a longer one, which does not make sense
edit: grammar
Stay safe
Riva is the old-folks part of the lake.
Before I moved in together with my wife I sometimes put an EU flag on my balcony
How can a self proclaimed first world country react in such a way and not in a diplomatic way
We refer to the area the dialect is spoken in like I did with Vorarlberg
Before anyone asks, yellow counts as green and purple as blue
What a waste of fuel
Not for Christmas, specifically (someone will correct me)
Idk)
I'm still wondering why this is called "incest" in the french media instead of "rape" or "child abuse"... like, was this a consentual relationship
Bye
All the 1st Republic Presidents (Seitz, Hainisch, Miklas) were born in Lower Austria (Seitz was born in Vienna, which was still part of Lower Austria)
It has strong symbolic value though.
How about a little package with stuff from the healthy organic snack sections from Whole Foods?
Given that I understand Vorarlbergerisch better than Spanish, can I now claim two additional languages
Is a total collapse and end of an empire not a form of recession in itself?)
They are the Milli Görüş party.
The largest (by population) is Vienna (1.8m), the smallest is Burgenland (290k).
So, in short: the original word "e-mail" is already short and has been shortened further to "mail", so there's no reason to make it longer again while also excluding people, and use gmail instead
Why danes
Yeah, but cutting out Vienna will be really hard you know
The first time I drove there it was during night
Boko Haram is a joke and only present in small parts...
If by "originating from Israel", you mean the country Israel which was founded in 1948, I guess, yeah ... idk
At least not to my knowledge
Its ok to let people pay for certain treatments, but the USA has taken not one but many steps into the wrong directions
(One of those two would probably be very happy about this solution)
That's kinda sad, I really don't get why so many Austrians have such a negative attitude towards you guys
I don't (am austtian)
Not bad or good
**Hungary:** Thanks for the food and the wine, and the nice people
I liked the food (much veal) and the architecture.
Frohe Weihnachten
Nor about making stupid comments/puns and going with narrative for it.
PC: Animated TLOU main menu background
Better not stuff up our neutral standing.
Only if you are reporting it
Nowadays most really don't care
2010 was a time in which state bankruptcy of all PIGS was feared and discussed
bad article
Unopened
Let's say 20 minutes each way for getting there and changing clothes.
Some might say we lost the war, others might say we got rid of a problem
What also shouldnt be done is returning 60 bottles at once
It is a sad day in European history
They should lower the bars on what they can take actions on, which right now is mostly national concerns, and not even that many.
Oh and my bike was stolen
You killed a couple of people > sentenced to death.
As I expected
And Austria did not exist after WW2 - so guess it does not feel the same anymore :D
I mean in sports we usually cheer for the team Germany plays against and you might get some weird looks for using words like "Quark" or Schorle", but mostly it isn't meant completely serious
For Viennese and probably most people from the eastern part of Austria it is the defacto symbol of the city
Psychology:
In Austria stores close at 7:30.
She still needs a sidekick though
Their golden goose of Brasil, their biggest and most important colony became independent and they were at risk of being annexed by Spain
My Mom does that, my friends do that, the ones with kids alot, my aunts do that, my neighbors do that
The game is from 1444 until 1820, we're at 1500, so no Deutschland yet.
That's a good explanation that I'll be using when my friends complain about it/me again
not at all
Alright, sounds fair, although I really wasn't noticing a decline in quality recently.
And my mom cooks six days out of seven and even her Restl dishes (left-overs) are delicious:D
800 	g  Potatoes (the kind you would use for making mashed potatoes)
There is a kind of "hipster" trend to reuse german words where in recent decade an anglicism has been used more commonly: "Kapelle" for popmusic "bands", not just traditional music
This legendary SomethingAwful photoshop thread has answers -
And convenient oil
But then again we didnt even really cleanse actual still ideological Nazis acting as judges, professors and prosecutors postwar
See as an African-Australian that seems so odd
Austrian dialekt numbers are of course build like the german ones but we have other bullshit when it comes to numbers
Do you seriously think we could have bullied Russia into giving Crimea back?
There is one, but only a small Austrian one:
It may not decide the fate of current production lines but once it's necessary to retool or to commit to other big investments it may very well be a deciding factor between Sussex and Slovakia.
Roaming use went up when the charge dropped and carriers started to offer roaming packages.
Well clearly he was Spanish - it‘s in the Name ;)
I didn‘t know that, that‘s actually very interesting
They're are thinking of it, but they got a few problems with their concept (e.g.
but if the jews fund the dnc, how come it got rigged against the jew?
How about Berlin
They think women who have abortions deserve to die for it
Haha yeah, i must say, watching "Peaky Blinders" and hearing brummy for the first time was eye-opening to say the least
If you just have to pee, those are way better than smelly, stuffy stalls
More than 70% of the citizens are italian speakers.
Comparing total consumption of something between countries of different sizes doesn't make a lot of sense
My father would kick someone so impolite out if my sister ever brought them home and he tolerated a lot of shit from her boyfriends
The first time 1787, with some exceptions and modifications over the next hundred years
Especially with older people
I'd say theft and robbery usually
For a 300 year old heraldic symbol?
So you admit that the Luxemburgish language is really German
there is a lot to unpack, let's put it like that
I think that green ones are more common, the most popular type being either filled or unfilled green olives with sour brine sold in glasses
But we have way "better" differences we can show north germany to annoy them
Generally the more different the culture the more controversial
Jahrhundert" etc
Supply and demand
We have other other expressions for other stuff though
After rulers up to his father had resided in Klosterneuburg, [Henry II] (Heinrich Jasomirgott) finally made **Vienna** his residence in 1145/1155 (conflicting Wikipedia entries‽)
Are your dialects so different from the standard version that they ads a gendered prefix or suffix
"Those were different times back then!" works quite well usually...
What i have heard from a croat who moved first to germany and then to austria (and speaks german really really well) he says that the austrian dialekt in vienna is more different to the way most north german speak then croatian to serbian, and holy fuck if viennese is allready more different then i am declaring austrian it's own language
wow, really puts it in perspective
And ofc both regions have schools were it is vice versa for the respective minorities
White wine with sparkling water or Almdudler.
Some women have a problem with discharge, especially pregnant ones
Krüppel = Krippl
And yes, in the countryside, they can hear when someone is from the next village
Repeating an election because of faulty envelopes is not enough
It always depends on who makes a joke, too
True that
There are also many common Slovenian surnames that got "germanized" : Čebul -> Tschebull, Strnad -> Sternat, Šoja -> Tschojer, Čižek -> Schischegg, Černi -> Tscherne
I don't really understand this post but you seem to be angry for some reason.
red cabbage has always something festive to me, as it only served with good things like game, venison and better parts of beef
Upkeep, more complex restocking, buying the vending machine, etc
you get sued, and *you* get sued
"baba" is too informal though normally
So you trust your *smartphone* to be able to transfer money?!
"Passt scho
Exhibit A: Christmas
It's just the english word handy, yet in english it doesn't mean phone
Many others are though but mostly homegrown ones
Hi, thank you for your contribution, but this submission has been removed because the information was recently posted.
Germany
Ski jumping can also draw large and passionate crowds as can Formula 1 at our annual race in Spielberg
Why is it so 'cool' though here in austria
It aint Democratic if it violates the spanish constitution
The other one I've found mainly pics from his company in front of train wagons
Maybe it sounds really weird but sometimes I'm too lazy to sit down to pee, and sometimes I'm too lazy to pee while standing up.
"and it has these four, down there, you know
This is like the majority of parties I attended worked here, the ramaining 20% only with the difference that the hosts didn't fill their bathtub, but the fridge instead
Are there any official communication channels from the EU commission, that give details about what that deal will most likely include, or what has been negotiated so far
There is still alot of corruption and internal problems
Because you are only getting the editorialized version of events.
Daher ist meine erste Assoziation anders ;)
Is it a secessionist movement if the other parts of Austria want to sell burgenland
Was willsch damit säga
The current government however, is a bunch of incompetent losers
It's a very common sight if you walk on the streets
I'd choose Czechia tbh
It's in progress
People are more conservative than in cities though, that's the same
Atleast one attacker is confirmed dead
Yeah I wasn't sure about that, thats why I was only talking about Austria
We Austrians are Frivans though
I'm gonna try to translate the last 5 posts from his instagram page
E.g. word Höhle [cave] again, the first H is pronounced, the second is silent
-\_-
That’s not my point at all - If you’d ask me I think that all of the EU should be treated as one block for visa purposes cause then the visa refusal rate would be far below 3%.
there is a difference in respecting local taste and cutting corners on ingredients for cost cutting measures.
I'm Austrian so you can imagine the amount of Nazi and Hitler comments I sometimes get online
The imperial system
Sorry for the confusion
Well it's jam and not sauce
They don't have the best reputation quality wise
a - too
Specifically bought current house as it was in an FTTP area during early times of NBN
I still think it's weird they built a fence on the Slovenian border though.
I'd quite like an EU wide resolution on that matter or just support for EU members getting repeatedly called "Nazis" by Turkish officials on numerous occasions (Netherlands, Germany, Austria,...) And Turkish officials trying to sow unrest within the Turkish populations of western Europe.
> Once you go further from primary education it starts decreasing as your studies improve
000
And I think my dad is the center of it with always screaming his opinion, which doesn‘t make it any better
and one of the biggest asshats is finally out of the game which is also nice
Also the "win" of Holstein can barely be described as such as the land only became independent as rebellious dukes switched to Sweden in the first place
&#x200B;
I think that's one of the reasons my language when speaking English is littered with modifiers like "pretty", "quite", "rather", "fairly", "more" etc
If you can't plan ahead a day where you can't buy shit, you are not gonna die.
Didn't know that
I've never seen it any other way
Is that why you deleted your comment?
And when Blackford called May a liar he was immediately asked to take it back or to be removed from the session
low German
[According to this list] she teaches Spanish in the Irish- and the Serbian-language versions
Try Altkirchenslawisch (old church slavonic)
to be fair, nothing is as much hated as no accent with German intonation
Would you be writing that comment if you were aborted?
why does that look horribly depressing?
But that in Beirut is just beyond anything
I wonder how some of those old games would feel if I played them today.
quick idea: let's use latin for that again
Polish – Wieden
He was drafted into the Wehrmacht when he was 18 and directly sent to good old Stalingrad
64% of the male voters and only 55% of female were in favour of conscription, and 72% of woman under 30 voted against conscription.
Just the basic „Sorry, traffic jam“ or „Sorry, bus was late“ is usually the main excuse -we don‘t usually give reasons for running late, we just say „sorry, am late“ and that was pretty much it-
Doesn't change the fact that FGM is far more horrible
And it always has, throughout all stages of history, even before humans emerged
What's with all the royalty butt licking in this comment section
Hofer, Merkur and Spar are better
Compared to others neighbours petrol and diesel is quite "cheap"
If stability was ever considered important the US wouldn't try to destabilize Russia on every occasion
[From me] funnily enough ;)
Now the Socialdemocrats are protesting
(That recipe also doesn't mention seasonings
Did he inherit it from an aunt
anyhow {adv}
These are incredible
Oh wow ... Thanks for the explanation
handshake, because that is done between mates.
I don't think Spickzettel is that widely used as a word, Schummelzettel is definitely a lot more common
I have to admit, though, that Rechtsgeschichte wasn't my strongest subject at university.
If you are a master's student it should be somewhere 2k+ in Computer Science
Or, you know, an innocent typo
IT would have been ok for me if You Called me a nazi
It's also meant to be a cultural exchange, to promote a pan-European feeling in a young, educated generation
For me it was le chat mange un pomme rouge
Does it normally happen at gunpoint, or with a knife
It differs I’d say
So at least for the foreseeable future wind power from the north and alpine energy storage damns cant work together efectivly
He's most likely American, trying to bait us into saying things he can use in r/ShitEuropeansSay .
You literally said you want to close all borders and don't care what happens to the people outside.
In Austria for example there hasn’t been a general magazine limit before the EU wide ban
It is because of marketing
Learning another language is always hard
It was really creepy and annoying until I blocked everybody
Cold -10
Viennese New City) is not in Vienna and not that new any more, it was founded in 1194
Was on Google Maps in Lissabon, felt very safe.
Every time someone puts a bottle of a selfmade one on the table they say „but this is a good one“. I automatically assume it will be a terrible mixture of petroleum and fruit
But other times, it describes just one country, and neither from the structure nor the text details it is visible which one
I don't want to invest much into the US [...] I think they won't grow that much in the time frame of
The german version of Oradea is Großwardein (=big was your)
It’s been about 7 years that I’ve lived here
"Warm" meaning appropriate for north pole expeditions
I mean they switched to bank card format, but I still have the old foldable one that looks like a little pink book
Pedestrians need to be especially aware of their surroundings when using paths marked for both them and bikes
Well yes but actually no, some do it some don't, but nobody really cares, so i wouldnt consider it a custom
You just open a flap, place the baby in there and ring a bell or after a while the bell rings automatically if there is something in there.
But in the city, not as much as it used to
Demonstrably about ever 1-2 decades one of these things blows up
While getting a debt relief at the same time.
I FOUND THE WEIRD LATINSPEAKERS!!!
Austrian German avoids the preterite, nobody says "ich ging" (= I went), instead "Ich bin ...
One of the christmas markets i right in front of my house which means i won't have to cook for the next 3 weeks, absolutely amazing
so, 27c to 30c is "why can't I spend the whole day in the kiddie pool while you kill me"?
For the life of me I can't remember where I read that, but there was a statistic what country's anthems focus on and it was like:
I look into the distance and then I tank new power
Neither of the etymologies have anything to do with wine, which is a common misconception
but the students in the video seem pretty smart, too.
**Linz** -> The Celts first settled the place and called it *Lentia* = curve, because the Danube makes a big curve here
I do remember singing it in kindergarten
Their job is to defend the borders of their country.
He also does not believe that a man has been to the moon, because that's impossible
She travelled a lot but [Gödöllő] was one of her favorite places
often not wheelchair accessible, and no elevators
There were also more eligible voters iirc, since a law was passed to allow anyone to vote that had turned 16 between the repealed election and this one.
I only learned not too long ago, that Mohnflesserl with salt on it only appear to be common in my area (upper Austria) and not all around Austria
Well I guess if I'm already at it, Spanish would be cool too
They must have spent less than 50 Euros on that ad.
Looks like you looked over the "/s"
Similarly situated, Greenland is completely internally autonomous and can also boast an equal membership within the Nordic Council
You get "real" gifts for Nikolaus
I feel incredibly bad about myself right now and will chastise myself for it
I remember I downloaded belarussian for google translate when I went there and when I was there people told me no one speaks that
If he's Czech he's a Austrogerman Czech
one of the fucking best flags imho, colors, design, what it stands for
Only with Calzone
Ironically because Marille actually comes from italian armellino
Most people would probably still go with alcohol
This is not jingoism - this is just political reality
Not everything must be must be digitalized
Not really
Sebastian Kurz, the (ex- and- not- yet) Chancellor of Austria is 33 years old
The only ones I've ever seen are from our local cult of crazy, founded by American "missionaries". Sadly, my parents were members and I had to grow up with that shit
000 inhabitants in a valley that’s around 40km long
Wer sog „dös“?
I know
You are just not allowed to go outside
me2, but the small pools are fine too
I used to live in Transylvania as a kid, and I always remember being super annoyed by how cool the temperatures were back home in Austira
You are welcome
Just multiple spelling errors
no they would never
...or it will end like in Austria :/
Have the Austrians in charge
If I walk down my street there's [a carpentry] at the corner, in a half basement
Austria is so free if bribery, no point in reporting!
We use it really really much and the meaning can vary
Yes, that's what I mean
And as a thank you, you get invited to that party
Eg I'd say Schians nuis instead of schönes neues.
Usually something below 10-7 degrees is jacket weather for me, but it depends if it's windy
2012 woki mit deim Popo (Shake your ass)
If you look at the graphs for European countries and the US, the difference is just extreme
I never worked for that, I was born here.
Ah ok das ist interessant, dankeschön
Now he's better
>a remote form of dating
But when people like Orban stylize him to be the devil incarnate, that definitely has some anti-semitic undertones
And if it really doesn‘t, make up one of your own
Without using google, I could name:
Weird that we were so late though
Although it's not fast food, but fast fashion, so *almost* the same
no, it was the fault of german tourists who didn't like his postcards
The green letters look great together with the red stripes
Brücke = Bruggn
This isn't the 19th century with Oliver Twist begging for bread.
The USA does care
Edit: it also makes sense
I am 26 and living in Vienna
That's way beyond the competence of the EU right now.
Because only monsters prefer soggy sad heap of breadcrumbs to a perfectly crispy outer layer
What about that time of year when when a bunch of people get together to dress up as monsters, set fire to stuff, and hit girls with sticks while Saint Nick's handing out presents in the background
Whaaat, Graz isn't ugly
If you ever learn Spanish as a woman, remember the word coño. It's very important
it was good practice and some cities have a local law like this (Munich afaik)
Also, a lot of Gastarbeiter already speak it (at least a bit) - so it's a good base for learners in Eastern Europe
We only get Asterix & Obelix, but not the cartoon movie, no those with Gerard Depardieu
Terrorism is defined as using violence for a political or ideological goal.
Refering to us as german is the best way of getting yourself killed
> but anyone still Pro-Brexit after three years of learning what a catastrophically bad situation this is for everyone is someone I'm not concerned about alienating
I like the image of something like Hurensohn (son of a whore) being commonplace in an english newspaper.
Idk I am from upperaustria and you can soo easily tell from where someone is, Mühlviertel people talk really weird, people from the mountain region are a whole different thing, Hausrucks stretch all the vowels way too long, People from Braunau are basically bavarians and the people in my neighbor village have a weird obsession with öööö. But yes to northern germans we all sound like the same alien language I guess
Some have been quick to blame migrants.
Every time you call someone Nazi because you disagree with him your normalize the word.
Die Welle
This way they don't piss off their coalition partner but they can say that they didn't vote for it and EU = bad to the voters
As with cheese and milk
>In my university (in Scotland) the code/programs we write belong to the student not the university,
No, and I've never seen that happen once
Just for fun
don't forget the Melange, similar to Cappuccino!!
Well first part translates to Churchhill cause there is literally a church on a hill
They have awesome beer, a beautiful capital and are pretty chill people.
Weekend and day trips out of the city still require the use of my car, though and my husband also had a car
I was in Innsbruck on new years eve.
I think Vienna/Wien is the only Austrian city with a different English name
one might think, this should sensitivize a population in regard to other nationalities, but it doesn’t.
I'm gonna go out on a limb here and say without checking, that Vienna is the answer to all 4 years that have been asked
aka ADW
It will never be, because that would mean administrations would need to offer support in this dialect.
I just had a horrible mental image of the movie soundtrack being an endless remix of the Nokia tune
Because they're singing in Austrian dialect, nobody, except Austrians and maybe Bavarians, would've understood anything
I think that only applies to Poles who actually fought in the Haitian War of Independence, not all Poles
Preferably in dark rye bread
Besides that some people have an inexplicable hard-on for talking about how shit is better in Austria even though they only seem to pay attention to us when it's time to take down a bilingual road sign or during winter sporting events.
Wait, not everyone gets their own personal Jesus
That's complete bullshit, the US had close to no influence on the war
But regular cooking
If you enjoyed Dark, then you may also like the hacker-thriller "Who Am I". It's by the same directors
I consider myself pro-life, but I understand the need for legal & safe abortion, and to take that away is not something I would politically fight for.
But thanks, at least I now know what the rest of Austria is up to
But there is one thing that annoyed the absolute crap out of me and every colleague - don't go to people and just greet somebody in their native language
Meh, around here in Middle Europe people wouldn't give a fuck either
The last time the US tried to dump their cheap chicken onto the European market it [pretty much backfired] for them
Much more about the US than Germany
And once a year on the 20th of April, they go to their  favourite restaurant and eat [Eiernockerl mit Salat]
Because neither Austria nor Germany existed at this time
That's true, but the people and the content on there are, and i'm guessing here, over 90% from germany.
Just underlined my decision to never buy one of their games again
But Austria is not the same country as the Habsburg empire.
So they added saint nicholas to it and made it somewhat christian
It's on the border to Slovenia but Styria is also a historical region, the border wasn't always as it is today
According to Toni Knittel, your fellow tyrolian "ungefähr bei Salzburg" - so best ask your salzburgian colleagues both and record where exactly in Salzburg they are from.
Yep, it's called [Twin City Liner]
Poland should leave the EU, that will show them!
That would be a more or less good system, except I can't see it ever becoming reality, because greed
But there we're talking about beer and wine
Is it still a joke even if it's true
Luckily we didn't figured out how to win a world war yet
Well, yes
You are a the summary of what's wrong with Europe right now.
We use the Austrian flag instead.
6 people were killed, 13 wounded
Solution is simple: Give the Roma their own state.
Edit: British in Austria now; educated in England
Because both are big comic villain companies from America who steal your data
Austria: Lectures are by law open to the public and any one who wants to can attend them (within reason, if the room is full, it is full...), so checking IDs when entering the university wouldn't make much sense.
TU FELIX AUSTRIA
We call it "Freunderlwirtschaft" ("friends economy")
You forget all the branded business mail adresses running via Outlook
For all who live in vienna, there is a DM store (DrogerieMarkt - Drug Store), who has refill machine:
Those operations are expensive guys.
Health problems, was close to a burn out and he and his family got numerous death threats
What the hell is going on in these trains?
I also just learned that apparently Austria only banned it with November last year
After the invasion in 1939, he went into auschwitz concentration camp voluntarily and organised uprising and resistance against the german occupation
Write to RedBull's marketing team and ask them I guess.
Obligatory served with bilberry jam and cream
looks rather drafty
No respectable person in Austria believes that nonsense amymore and those who do mostly die away, slowly but steadily
For firewood some regions still use the Klafter, derived from the arm length
My condolences
I also remember that mermaids shouldn't have souls and the only way to get one is by being loved by a human
Depends
Ich lerne X.
The first time I come to a city I always take a day to just walk around as randomly as I can without ever looking at a map
We have high standards in medicine, social security and labour rights (way above EU minimum standards)
Most people just blame fate
Maybe letting you guys go independent might not be such a good idea after all...
I can understand dutch and swedish people a little bit
Also prices and additional stuff are dependent on your federal state's insurance company.
But I would see the US as a partner even though they always try to command us and if we don't follow immediately they threaten us with Visa restrictions for Austrians.
And I am gonna make a case for it, right here, right now
Just the drinks at my farewell party for the team were like 250€ or so
Standard german doesn't have that sound, but south german dialects like bavarian and swiss german do.
Of course Turkey does more, they are a neighbouring country.
... I can understand that
The less geography the more bikes
Edit: That's actually a miner and not somebody skiing
However Ladino is also spoken in South Tyrol / northern Italy, and apparently it's closely related
Also you're tied for my favourite language with
The US invading another region to spread "freedom".
I've never been there, but this restaurant is said to be a legend in Vienna for being the pinnacle of overprized with bad food and even worse service:
It stretches over the south of Upper Austria and parts of Styria and Salzburg and the closer you get to the Dachstein the more people wear traditional Dirndl and Lederhosen.
There are lots of savoury things around that are not very herzhaft
Out of the three major schools I know one has lockers (the one with the most students)
Look at Turkey it got bigger over the Erdogan years and look at my Country for example Austria it is a fairly slim book
Both were full time
i don't like the plaque :/ i prefer the old style where they just engraved it directly into the wall
Because that massive task needs to get paid.
So basically you're a Northerner, regardless of the country you're in
Also, I have a couple thousand GBP in my savings account back home, and obviously they're now worth basically nothing.
Then the Romans came and built a military castrum, took the Celtic name, and "latinized" it by just using a similar sounding Latin word instead, i.e. *lynx, lynces* (like the big cat)
You have been banned from /r/Austria
Maybe you can drive there with unlimited speed
So since people want to stay away from that nobody even cares to find out more about individual countries
The assessment that Germany can’t wage a war on multiple fronts by the soviet generals was imho not wrong
* taking away their drivers licence
Damm first gigachad now him
But do you mean the new smell of Railjet, Cityjet, Talent or the old smell of CityShuttle and InterCities
I have one example that beats that
So I think media plays much of a role here- I‘ve also realized that children/teenagers in Vienna these days talk in a veeeeery high German manner, like they‘re straight out of Hamburg
;-)
First - it’s covered by her employer too since the social security payments the company pays are exactly for that
What do you think happened in Austria after ww2 ?
I'd guess Italy in WWI
Also we're one of the paying countries rather than the receiving countries
From personal experience I would add "Wittmann-Battenfeld".
But they're trying
Satnav view of the lower part
Graz where I lived for a Long Time comes from Gradec, has slavic Origin and is the dimutiv of Castle, so it's little Castle
Our military is a joke though, even with the draft
50 walloons, 50 from flanders, 1 from that german area
I'm courios, what means "too flexible" in this case?
85 Million)
Do you have horse as a regular dish as well
Other regions devided the land among their children.
Learned a thing or two from the Russians after all huh?
* Place of birth
I'm fine if the woman wants an abortion voluntarily, but sometimes she might be forced by her husband/boyfriend/pimp, so let's ban abortions (for that reason).
Now obviously there is usage of storage where you don't store any of such copies
I bin a drainierta Pinzgaua Fohra und da besta a noch dazua.
Sometimes I see deers, more in safe distance on the fields and not near the houses
Viva Cádiz viva el carnaval y tu por favor métete con Madrid y deja a Andalucía en paz.
Living in a catholic country
Can someone explain the point of these campaigns?
almost all EAV songs
I don´t think anyone would care about that disrespect
So, just speaking from personal experience, it doesn't feel *nicer* to me at all.
Lets not forget that it was them holding their ground against Nazi Germany,
Austria really needs comprehensive highspeed internet at affordable prices.
I looks like *hingschlazt* along the Traun, completely pointless
The reasoning for the US election system has been outdated for quite over a century
Russia isn't some kind of natural disaster and Germany isn't the one who let the windows open and the rain in.
Recommending Café Sperl, it's my favorite out of the classical coffee houses, and not touristy like Café Central (which can also be nice though).
Ah yes, I remember that one
Weil auch der Begriff Deutsch ist nach deiner Auslegung nur eine Identität und eben kein ethnisches Kriterium.
Was fantastic as my office coffee mug for years then it vanished.
TIL that the widely used Austrian word "Bussi" also exists in Hungarian with the exact same meaning
Austria is the first after the nordic countries, because our country is just mountains.
Above the tree line it depends on the state you're in (state as in district).
Well, here you go :D
especially in Vienna's conservative cityscape, they are so bold that it's really exciting
Viennas public transport system is the best, but you can get by with it fine in a lot of cities
German-Turkish comedian Serdar Somuncu made a lot of good stand up comedy sketches also pointing this out
"Er ist wieder da"
Rosenberger produces fire Trucks and Special utility vehicles
This is an emergency
Germany wins European war of 1914.
Also, it's not even true
The Reichskreise were created by Maximilian of Austria for administrative reasons during the Reichsregiment and not at all a homogeneous territory
Italia for taking away south Tyrol and betraying us, France for destroying our glorious k&k empire, Germany for the many students they send to us every year, which miserably fail to integrate into our society.
We live out in the western part of the country in the Alps so scenery is amazing
I don't think anyone does it illegally anymore
" ("Hey, hand me ruler")
Haydn
I remember reading that in europe in the southern countries nutella has more fat and in the northern countries more chocolate/nougat thus leading to a different taste.
Alright then, no worries
Now thats just like climate: The old guys give a fuck about it, the young ones realize how important it is
Wutsch, I knew it
Let's be honest: We don't have a best friend and we brush off the only one who wants to be best friends with us.
Well we don't have our own royals to gossip about
We don't like it, though
A combination of "Kuruzen" (a group of insurgents in the Hungarian kingdom) and "Türken" (Turks)
This worked for me in Spain - I called 911 in the hopes of getting someone new  who spoke English, as I do not speak Spanish
" (I told you to run (ie walk), not run
I personally would like to strangle any nationalist history teacher in Austria
So what's the specific problem
Luckily, maybe
That adds to him being a german
The Irak war is over, or am i wrong
i think the key factor is what kind of ideology your people has.
Yes, am Viennese
Or Handy
Of course we felt sorry and were aware we had to adapt , but at the same time I couldn't help but think, Yeah tough luck, if there's people on the road, you get to wait
Not the whole country, but the day of the "Blochziehen" is THE day of the year when it happens (only every 4 years) and villages have their own schedules and not many villages do it
It's like asking an American how to behave in Mexico
Not possible in Austria, so I'm hoping it will be available in Slovenia
I will have you know that Tampern/Schellenschlagen whatever else they call it is WAY weirder and also the worst lol
then still no because we usually don't make it into them
But its fun talking about this
Beer, sure
It's been pretty much the most beautiful, magical part of the country, simply cut out of it
Bismarck and the Prussians destroyed this project.
Yes, of course
Thing is, if it turns out that the Catalans want independece it would be pretty obvious that its you who is jumping through hoops
Not that it would be too much of a loss but we like the wine from Burgenland
How dare you refuse to pay with card
With r/Schnitzelverbrechen we managed to catch way more heretics than before
I would have bet my firstborn that this title would go to the UK
Yeah, Zürich
Overall, Austria can be translated as *The Mythical Dwarf Of The East
These graphics
well living in one of viennas more "ghetto" districts with a lot of of non white people i do see veils pretty often.
Don't call us German, you won't make any friends
In the book it's just a name for a character
And yet you told it wrong
Being a tourist in the US doesn't help at all in finding out how prevelant that behaviour is in real families (or just a movie trope)
Gott erhalte Gott beschütze unsern Kaiser unser Land
I don't think solely relying on technology to understand each other is a good idea.
Not really
And politically they have their shit together.
What's stopping you from putting aside some money the other 10 months of the year?
Except no merchant will round down, it just goes up
The bread can be a tad dry without
After Snowden leaks, Software or Hardware (Firewalls) with "made in the USA" should be less popular
traditionally, names chosen were of older relatives (dad, grandma, etc), also common were certain Christian names (it's a Catholic country after all)
Thanks to Slovenia for the pretty Lippizaner horses and for letting us keep the name Käsekrainer (my favorite late-night Würstelstand snack)
This was before the restaurants reopened and the place was pretty much empty
I'm travelling every once in a while between vienna and stuttgart
But I usually use the English one
And i read in our newspaper sentences like: he was threatened with violence if he did not let himself get arrested
Same here
That wikipedia trick is fantastic though, I usually do that when I want to know the name of a plant or animal or something specific like in this case the Staatsvertrag in various languages, because it also features a picture
Yes, my mom is American and I have lived in the US and we used to celebrate Halloween
So when will the EU follow their own request?
Some Restaurants had at 6:30pm "early bird" menues when I was visiting, used that much
I mean, *I* can joke with my husband about our child's perceived flaws
Just a wild guess if I had to wear his shoes
Especially those that speak no dialect at all
Where I live it is like the slices of a pie
¯\\\_(ツ)_/¯
AVL List is quiet large into engine Research and produceing test Equipment and powertrains
What about Sandler
365 EUR for a public transport all included pass in Vienna.
> **Süddeutsche Zeitung**
my brother was apparently an angel
(The little bit that I eat anyways, can be drunk instead)
I would be even more radical
At least here in austria our chancellor is proposing some changes that will hopefully help
[Here's] the atmosphere at the  night race in Schladming every year
Still better than 1,5 hrs by train and bus
Taking a look at their website, at first glance their party program actually looks pretty reasonable (apart from the obvious, ridiculous pipe dream of Habsburg restoration)
or anything else that's not rain
That's what's basically happening right now.
Story checks out
It's original name was Spekulation and is based like Monopoly on the landlords game
There are too many dialects
A ton
A huge islamic country has no place in Europe.
when I was in croatia it didn’t taste as good, sry friends
Who puts potatoes in a Döner
It won't be all exclusively on pay-TV anyway
They got pretty much everything about it wrong to make it fit with the american version of christmas
We also have an Au
Ok, here is my peanutbutter story: When I was still a child, probably early teens, my mum bought it once - there were lots of references in us movies/tv shows that we wanted to give it a try once it became a regular thing in supermarkets.
Yeah that's a nice story
Hopefully the next trend is most posts about brexit and how fucking useless that situation is progressing so far.
Nope, after the second delivery attempt if no one is home we get a yellow letter or an e-mail informing us where to get the package and by showing the letter at the counter we get our package
I live near Slovenia and barely get german related news
Parliament doesn't draft bills, that is the job of the Commission
I moved in and out of the country quite a lot, every time I move back I stay at my parents place until I find my own place and they never charged any rent
No - people would probalby assume the hairdresser was changed into a governental building and pass right by it.
We read the whole thing in Mittelhochdeutsch in German class in high school
I like that
That's quite a lead you got there
I hear Murcia is basically what you just described, but 10 times worse
Now I'm back though, and thank god, can't stand those smiling assholes
I knew that a lot of shows came from the US, but I didn't think much of it
" & "They just didn't set foot into district XYZ" is what you are going to hear
Much higher than in many other European countries.
I think they do it so that those labels dissapear faster again.
We also have dekagramm (dag) , which is 10g.
A few degrees less in the countryside where my mom lives - but usually, they'd be buried in snow there this time of the year
Part of another
I think you are misunderstanding something
I hope I'm not mixing anything up here, maybe it wasn't Schuschnigg
Must be 1 of those immigrants we keep getting warned about.
But as mentioned in the video the founder of Nike can choose to pronounce it however the fuck he wants
That is our ultimate victory
Are we doing Ibiza again
There is a game called Urban Empire that is at least partially set in the ere, however it was half-assed and abandoned by Kalypso
Probe (correct translation: rehearsal or sample)
>And I'd argue that doing a Nazi salute does not make you a Nazi
I moved out when I was 18
You must be antisemites because of all the Polish death camps during WW2.
Since hardly anyone is using Macs that whole reason of getting an iPhone isn't there
and, i'm sure the austrians who were in an empire with east europe felt really german.
Russians will wear soviet star hat, and a cross necklace, it is seriously unbelievable.
Horst, Walter, Hans-Jürgen, Marianne, Doris: Old people
Prague was a bit more expensive but still very affordable, and a great city to visit
During the dictatorship he used to smuggle stuff from France to Spain for a living, since he lives very close to the two countries' official border
Europe is home to everyone who decides that Europe is their home
We have that too
Mea culpa
Put English breakfast tea bag in oversized mug.
Woah I just checked on a map - I never realized Kazhakstan was that close to ukraine
Yeah but shared Sauna means it's not only for you hence Corona might cause people to use it less
Er muss Zivildienst machen also ist er österrei hischer Staatsbürger
On my fathers side: my grandfather never talked about it, but it was an open secret that he had been a SS officer
** ooh boy, I miss it every time I go abroad
"Schnitzel mit Tunke". Never an easier way to spot a German
I feel personally attacked
Javid Shah
"\[...\]  to secure the deal recently promised by Trump and Ursula von der Leyen, the European Commission president
Austria
During a time of higher risks investments will also have a higher expected yield.
Was there an early wikipedia enthusiast from Catalonia
Error: German has ö
&#x200B;
The capitalistic system is working well in the modern world, but it needs its governmental regulations protecting the basic human needs
What do you expect ? Europe has to find positions on those two things - and since the UK as well as the US are on completely divergent paths from what Europe thinks is the future I don’t see how a certain amount of animosity is not to be expected
No, he was quite charming but I later learned that he had another girlfriend still in Paris so it was not meant to be
That was 20 years ago, so things might have changed.
Generally we often read stuff that was for school purposes very ... unconventional
Yes, I forgot the Bialetti one.
All I know about him is that his dad (my great grandfather), who was a fanatic Nazi, planned to make him attend some kind of Hitler youth school
de and nocoords
There's a reason most of the traffic isn't going through Switzerland
most cities in Austria have a square dedicated to South Tyrol, but I can't think of any monuments like these
Is that so
And you would probably be speaking German by now.
And you think people have nothing else to do
What keeps them from returning?
There is no difference between cash and card from the way it is now
With refexence or wothout
Similar with historical trauma
This subject has already appeared at a demonstration of the right wing group Pegida in Graz in 2015.
Pintxo, Pintxo gure txakurra da ta,
In some alpine parts of Austria ( Bavaria I assume too) we call it "Oachkatzl". Oach is the dialekt word for Eiche, and Katzl means cat
Krapfen is the only correct word
Directly above this post in my feed I got an ad for 'cheap airline tickets'.
Counting from one to twelve (in dialekt):
Well there's loads of parts in northern Italy that don't speak Italian, especially the ones bordering other countries.
Anti-Israel sentiment comes from opposition to their crimes, antisemitism, or both.
We truly have inherited many great dishes from hungary
Never have been in one tbh
You can practice something for an eternity but people will not accept it unless you went to an university and get yourself a fancy title
It's kinda ironic that there didn't seem to be have been any large-scale corruption scandals under Salazar (at least non that were uncovered after the revolution, which is strange) but after a few years under democratic government the first large corruption scandal happened
that post sounds a lot differently than "no record for culture".
Yes, we have to pay taxes on unrealized gains as well.
Fuck I thought that was modern day Cersei Lannister
Eight criteria will be applied for narrowing down this concept in spatial terms: (1) The historical impact left by German and Jewish culture (as specific characteristics) in addition to Slavic, Romanic and Hungarian layers of culture among other (that are also in evidence outside of Central Europe) (2) The coincidence or temporal succession of Protestantism and Catholicism while orthodoxy and Islam play only a minor role
I can guarantee you no one noticed that interview.
> and sometimes y, which can act as both vowel and consonant
So simple
Naja ist eben in vielen Ländern der Welt zu der Zeit ähnlich abgelaufen, beide Seiten haben sich polarisiert bis es dann zur Entladung kam z.B in  Spanien
If I buy a bottle of wine for 60 instead of 5 Euros, it's the same ressources that go into making it
Parov Stelar - really cool electro swing
[crazy gibberish
He was from there - believe me - please do not perpetuate this egregious error.
: ' cavolfiore') = cauliflower  ...and so on
I would support it, if there is a way to mark one citizenship as your "main" one with some massively easier way to switch that one for one of the others you have, at least when it comes to other rights than pure travel
Am I Austrian enough
Holy shit
If someone from another European country would ask me, I would say Austrian
I would consider Switzerland a Western European country
Our english teacher once told us when she visited  the U.S (20years ago) they wouldn't believe her we had washing machines over here
That side of r/europe rearing its ugly head again
Like, [there's this little earth wall/ rampart] in a park on a hill, right next to the old city center
Which probably makes them less efficient for priest-strangling since you can't gobble them down as a whole
When wahabist villages in Bosnia were sieged by law enforcement, many cars with number plates from Graz were found.
Everybody disliked it at first because „oh my, **I** don‘t care if anybody around me smokes“ (not really caring about the kids 10 and below having to endure smokers blowing their smoke into their faces
Could very well be
&#x200B;
Maybe these ppl are from countries where regional minorities seem to have a hard time
The suffixes -lein, -el, -erl, -li, etc
Odd choice
Couldn't get any better
> I forget to ask about that, I'm from Berlin and here it means something like "sowieso", does it maybe have a different meaning in Austria
Yeah Mischung is traditionally often given out at (traditional) festivals or traditional wine taverns we call „Buschenschank“ (which doesn‘t exist in Germany, if you are interested you can google it)
Interstingly the Bavarian Granny of my wife cooks many things which are unknown or seldom here.
Every vote should have the exact same value, because the people vote, not the state
Austrian here cheering for my beloved northern neighbour, love you, Germany, go get em
My  history teacher in highschool was certain that the reason for the smear campaign on the former austrian president Kurt Waldheim was that Austria decided to help Nicaragua against the will of the Usa
Ein Jokus
And I doubt that the Green Party would find a similar candidate soon again
popular with inner city Bobo parents here too; the bike models are normally imported from NL
No fish and game, which is just delicious
well siberia is in russia, and russia is partially in europe (the important part!), so siberia is kinda in europe...i guess
The problem is that many anti-choicers do not care
Living 3-5 years in New York as a 20-something with a good enough income could be great - Boston and Seattle would be cool too
I've always thought that's such a weird term
[A few idealists actually were against it] many didn't care or were complacent, some pretended and tried to survive, [some – very dastardly – just went with the flow, jumping from one political camp to another whenever the felt like it helped them personally] others [wanted to profit as much as possible] without regard for how the profit is made (which is why capitalists are usually complacent with fascism)
Styria:
It is not ok for the usa in behaving this way
Alternativly most offer delivery
A lot of countries with German minorities expelled them after WW2.
I had September but maybe it still counts
I wonder how they'd include her crippling depression, her ano-/ orthorexia and her out of control coke habit into a Disney movie
She's a prime example of how the EU can be great if we send the right people there; freed from the pressures of national politics, they can actually work *for* the people they represent
So going from region to region you can confuse people quite a bit if they are not used to interact in the multiple forms of time announcement
German speakers should pronounce it right too
It's Rapunzel **and her twins**, which apparently she got in the meantime (remember those "visits"?)
Also, the Archduchy of Austria is not the modern Nation of Austria its Part of the Austrian Past and Heritage
In April 2012 the ogh (something like a supreme court) has ruled that prostitution is not immoral and must be treated as any other profession.
I was in school at that time and still to this day have friends that can't ski because they never went with school
Salzburg/Freilassing, Braunau/Simbach, České Velenice/Gmünd, ...
And I don't think any of us want to go to Europe anyway
As an Austrian: Go Dutchies
When I was a child, we always kept  a shovel in the car from ~November - March to shovel out parking spaces due to the regular snowfall
I read an article months ago that there was essentially a shuttle service between Turkey and Greece, just like small excursion boats that would come at set times, several times per day.
> When you have to jump through this many hoops to pretend you've won, it makes you wonder how strong the case for independence really is
You fucking what when ???
After a while, switch back
But if you look at the 24hr system we use, we start counting at midnight (00:00) too, so then it makes sense again . But it definitely is weird
And even though people on the left preach tolerance they themselves can't tolerate other opinions.
I think I read all of his books (or at least all I could get my hands on) when I was younger.
What do you think about this: we unite, get croatia on board and get some real ships.
We shouldn't extend our dependence on the CCP any longer
Nobody needs this slimy wannabe-Orbán.
I ever talked to
Yeah, I thought about Norway not Denmark
Are you aware of the phrase "menj a francba"? No offense, just curious
I quite liked Krakau - would you call that a shithole?
Scotland wants to leave you because they want to remain in the EU
Try it like this: if the USA were competing as northeast USA(greater new York, Boston area), Southwest USA(California+some more), and middle territories, how would your sentence change then?
hah
When Anglos are all "cursive is so difficult, we don't need it anymore because We HAvE TaBleTS nOw", I think they are referring to their own fossilized and cumbersome system that they apparently clung to for a few decades too long (like the [Palmer method] or [D'Nealian] ugh those G's)
Gösser is better than Puntigamer!
The public transport system isn't sufficient
Ein sehr alter Witz, aber immer wieder lustig
It's kinda comparable with the fasces in the national emblem of France, which – here – also isn't a fascist symbol, but a republican one
(League of legends, counterstrike)
I've been there for a conference a couple of years ago
Yes
We have lockers in the hallway for our clothes, though they're used less and less the older students get, and cupboards in the back of the classrooms for all our books and stuff
If possible, I wouldn't handle it as a binary option.
It's would be our equivalent to an Irish goodbye
Nevertheless, originally moving in here from Timișoara, Romania’s third biggest city, Vienna gives me more of an oversized village vibe rather than a big city one
I only look at my subscribed stuff, so I dont have that problem
You had automatically locking doors in the 1950s? On single family homes
We know what you are talking aboot
We have that too, Switzerland also
Wanting to destroy the single market is destabilising economies.
It is more about only relying on them as a "single hammer argument".
Although it's only used for hills and not mountains.
Fuchs und Henne the local fox game variant
The stories
Linz is in fact much further from the Alps than Vienna
There's also butter probably, and milk
Lots of people think it's a concert in the opera, when it's really at a random location, with random musicians who play the same 5 pieces every day
It has since then always been a part of Austria in some kind, be it as official flag or as part of the Habsburg coat of arms
A good example which demonstrates this is the movie "Die Hard".
I think somewhere there was a bomb threat around spring or summer
Ever heard of "write in", Netherlands
I had September but maybe it still counts
Nothing wrong with teaching a bit of "Lokalkolorit" in my opinion, but basically I agree
University: University ID (issued by the university)
Dislike for religion or dislike for believers
>Brno
This phenomenon is still quite prevalent among 2nd and 3rd generation immigrant children, so prevalent actually, that many "autochthonous" people (i.e. at least several generations of German speakers), especially in urban areas, have started using it in colloquial speech as well (I catch myself doing it sometimes, it's just shorter)
I think in Germany you also put „..deutscher Nationen“ (..of German Nations) after it but I’ve honestly never heard somebody call it that around here
Croatian, slovenian, hungarian anything goes over here
Whoever had to read this to the sultan was a magician.
And of course the people of the UK should be bothered, because their livelihood is at stake and their ruling government proves to be completely clueless as how to further proceed, but toodles, amirite
Also it's not Santa that supposedly comes, but the Christkindl (Christ child aka Baby Jesus).
We also have "Am I talking Chinese or something
For Norway it was similar, the only real revenue came from ore mines in the mountains
Indonesian: Kekaisaran Austria-Hongaria
I know
Each time this gets reposted I dislike this map more and more.
Considering most people don't live in a house, there is a huge reliance on public spas if you wanna go to sauna
And while that offer can be an advantage for customers, it's only under very specific conditions, and in my case only the bank would have profited from it)
In Austria, we just round up to the next "convenient" number, keeping in mind that the tip should be *somewhat* proportional to the total.
So as long as the EU doesn’t constitute itself as one country, with a unified immigration and visa policy (if you get a Croatian  visa you can’t  enter Schengen for example and to enter Croatia you need a multiple Schengen Visa not a single entry one ) the single states will continue to be looked at as single countries - and not as a member of a bigger whole - like the federal states of Germany of the USA
Poland and Hungary think the system works well
The fun thing about this is that the basic meaning of the sentence remains, and the informative value is still clear as day
Who would win:
> I work 40 hours per week, she works about 45
I've personally never been inside but the walk up along the old castle walls is interesting enough.
There are commas-rules where we put thousands of commas in one sentence
The 2 minutes include waiting at the red light)
If Democratic turnout in only a few of those had been higher, we wouldn't be in this epic mess right now.
Just have whatever other email provider you use pull the mails from gmx via POP3
How do I "activate" the flag thing
Also, (Austro-)Bavarian has literal rules with grammar, spelling and all, I'm pretty sure they are actually written down and everything
> to meet the "Basque terrorists" who live surrounded by bananas
And you can't really resist that without forming what is essentially also a government.
Just give it another 200 years.
Ahhh- youtube ist not reality
And they keep on wondering why people are unwilling to trust them anymore...
To add to this, all forms of contraception were banned in Romania until Ceasescu's death, causing the very tragic story of the decretei  If anyone has ever wondered why there were so many charity appeals and international adoptions of Romanian babies and children in the nineties, this is why
Don't know about Spain though
Comes down to your preference
000 non-jewish Austrians who lost their life in active resisttance against the Nazis and our first cancellors were send to concentration camps or had to flee the country
(09:25)
There is Open Street Maps, an open source alternative that I use sometimes
Edit: the goal is to be the most unsympathetic character you can be if you want to be "the funny guy" in Austria
It was renamed Ostmark with the reasoning it is a made up country
Interesting question
They can just go about their lives and not hear Romanian for weeks
I just basically look at them and asked them if they were serious
Its at the same time Eastern Europe, Central Europe and Central Eastern Europe
The other were:
Politics teacher in high school tried that with me too
Thats what I meant with "something big happened".
Lastly Greece only became independent in the 18th century and even then it was a rump state largely reliant on Great Britain and other European powers to survive
"birds aren't real" is a general meme that I think comes out of the hacker community
Fact: Nuclear energy works at a monetary net loss and is largely made possible by government subsidies.
wanted to comment the same lol
* N steht für endlich haben wir mal Spaß -> N is for finally we have some fun
What we actually said would be something like "Fasteikd oda ned, I kim/kum". :b
It's really interesting to see your home village in these old maps and completely recognize it.
It can get up to 38 on extreme days.
You really think Austrians have the same culture as Frisians?
Which one do you want to hear
At the siege of Akkon in the year 1191, Leopold V. of Austria got into an argument with Richard the Lionheart, the english king
> Salzburger Nachrichten
As soon as France is as blond as Hitler, standing as tall as Goebbels and is as healthy and sporty as Goering.
They would sell their granny for profit
I was looking for this comment
That's weird coming from an Austrian, since barely anybody has an  ID card here
I think it kind of sucks but I suppose it's better that way in the long tern
Or do they not offer take-out
I think we have established that different people have different opinions on what is a continent, and that's fine
Soziale Kontakte einschränkten hod da Wastl gsogt
This is fucking disgusting to me
However if you look closer Austria does still exist:
Normal windows since the 80s
A Krainer is a sausage from Krain, i.e. Slovenia
1 person on reddit posts she likes Doritos -> Every European likes Doritos, lol.
Aww yess, we got bronze
Norway: what can i say, you're probably best off of any country in the world
My parents are from Romania and they always tell me this too
Pray for Germany
* Ä, Ö and Ü aren‘t letters of their own (In languages like finnish and estonian they are)
Never heard it used in Vienna, it's not a Viennese word, we have a whole dictionary of more original Viennese Beleidigungen, so not sure why it made OP's list
The Russian party was of course the head honcho but the Ukrainians still had their place in it - especially in the administration of the Ukrainian SSR
If they see somebody posting bullshit about Turkey all the time, just ban them from the group.
The German name for this type of dough is simply Plunder
Like, more often than not I get why you'd off the people, but think of those majestic peaks
It depends heavily on the family size though
Once the Nazis came to power, where were they
And Mostschädel, well originally its a derogatory term used by the people of Innviertel (which came to Austria with a bavarian density of breweries while the rest of Austria drank "Most") for the rest of Austria or especially the despised rest of Upper Austria
European roads are narrower and fuel is more expensive.
mostly holiday homes, some permant as 2nd home, some to camp at the adriatic sea
Mao was a Kazakh
Ik ben er alleen maar 2-3 keer per jaar en woon de rest van het jaar in Oostenrijk
Even the ultra expensive "secured against credit cards" locks are really easy to open with a credit card
The UK political class seems to be entertaining the thought of leading their country down the path of becoming an oppressive regime.
Radetzky March
Have a look at the [Corruption Perceptions Index]
She calls my bigger brother "sarı dana" (yellow bull) because his hair colour is blonde
The state treaty reestablished Austria as a fully independent country and ended allied occupation
fuck you Germany
Yes beer and food is expensive, but i usually spend more money for a night in a regular club
We got you covered with the other one
Despite our constant struggle to prove how different we are to them, they are still our closest neighbour.
Neuer Song für Erdogan (dem Schnuckel-Schnauzbart-Chef-Osman) | extra 3 | NDR
Was that sarcasm or are serious?
By saying that I have to acknowledge, that taking great risks might lead to great rewards - it could have been the other way round too.
What we actually said would be something like "Fasteikd oda ned, I kim/kum". :b
i say we redo the thing until those 3 idiots get it right too
United Kingdom of not so Great Britain
Edit: typo
I think if you can speak a lil bit german or maybe learn the dialect of the region you‘re going to, you‘ll be fine here
000 is quite the Standard prize for a 120m² House
Well they didn't even want ireland in the first place
Radio Liberty, originally funded by the CIA?
The panda baby Fu Long („Happy Dragon“) was the first panda baby in Europe to be bred naturally and be born in that very same zoo
Yeah back in the late 90ties going to Moravia, a mug of beer cost about an eighth of what it cost in Austria
A) We're breaking apart, back towards smaller nations struggling for themselves (with culturally alike Unions forming).
It has mountains on the edge of the town, you can walk up there or take the cable car which starts in the center of the city.
Yes, but what has that to do with our neutrality?
The [Graz Museum of Modern Arts] is considered as a shining example
But there isn't a countrywide closedown
Well you're wrong
I really do think that both her and my life would be easier if dialect wasn't so widespread here
The greeting is usually an informal/intimate "Griaß di"/"Griaß eich", as opposed to the more formal/distant greetings "Grüß Gott", "Guten Tag" or "Griaß Ihna" which you would normally use down below when talking to a stranger
Having a hard time
Apparently the liver part of the word is from a word meaning leftovers and the cheese part refers to the loaf shape
Edit: If anyone’s wondering the region is the Zillertal
People rant on St
You donating or not does nothing to the overpopulation everywhere else on the world.
It can mean fabric, or material or even a substance
Yeah when I read the title I was like: here, here, I know that answer haha
How much closer can you be if you twitter like and repost alt right guys like Milo, Paul Joseph Watson and are an avid GamerGater
italy should show more self interest.
Kickl studies philosophy since 50 semesters and just doesn't get smarter
nice to hear Pt is so far in adopting those e-government things
maybe that helps you too
Yeah I can only vote for the greens, and they are so out of touch with reality they aren't even in our national parliament anymore, but at least they are so far removed from reality that I can vote for them there, as someone who loves in reality has to actually implement their ideas from there
I was in Edinburgh last week and it was snowing quite a lot even though I lived right next to the sea where it is apparently not so common to snow
If built smartly you can heat 3-4 rooms with one stove
ACHTUNG SCHIMMEL
Also the Austria-Germany border
I prefer "haisl".
There are many people in Austria who don't know much about this time
Couldn't find anything on this.
Austrians (and parts of Germany) call it "Schummelzettel". Same meaning
You have to ask what language they want and respect their choice.
So not born in a foreign country, but also not Austrian since birth
For a long time (farm)land was measured in "morgen" (translated literally "morning") which meant the amount  of land a single farmer could use on a single day
Haha i totally did
The thing in South Tyrol is, you can also get good italian food
You can't say from a single picture that it is not busy.
But we almost got everything covered.
> Y aserejé ja de je
[This picture] of the incident was published at the time by the internet newspaper Vice ([Source]
Thank god for public voting records.
Is the "Identy crisis" of the State, the paramilitaric troops of the parties, the Februar Uprising, the fascist Federal State of Austria and the pact with Mussolini against an Anschluss and the July Putsch on your curiculum?
For most other countries in Europe I can easily think of one or even multiple signature dishes that are both delicious and somewhat unique
Good question
are
What I learned about Spanish gastronomy, if a place looks a bit old or a bit shabby or cutre (given that it's not completely disgusting ofc), it might have better food than a super fancy polished place with lots of tourists (that is not *always* true, but often)
It's a huge rennaissance, baroque and historicist palace complex, but at its core there is a medieval castle, that originally had very much the purpose of a military fortification
Maybe, I don't see a country that is left tho and not too hard ^^
But I guess you can't be fashionable and innovative if you're not daring
Pick any modern biography of Caligula.
Edit: the goal is to be the most unsympathetic character you can be if you want to be "the funny guy" in Austria
That's only Vienna and some other bigger cities
Looks like it's all BS
Source of a steady flow of medical doctors, business(wo)men and beggars that come to Austria
" for example
So they say it's good luck for girls to get whipped
Pölten] in 2018, and I liked their badge because of the reference to Today I Learned :)
In the city: if it's less than 20 minutes by public transport away, or you can walk there, it's close
Because you probably don't. The spelling just doesn't show that
June 2017 is the day where cheap mobile data might cease to be a reality for Danish consumers.
Also (so, as in "so, what now
But if you look at the 24hr system we use, we start counting at midnight (00:00) too, so then it makes sense again . But it definitely is weird
Just look at all the wars post WWII.
My grandmother was born in 1934, so I suppose she would remember.
And lamb shanks
Why would you call us südost-northwest austria
Which makes the scene even more tense when you know German
Of course we have a lot of ski industry companies, Doppelmayr for example is one of the biggest ski lift producers worldwide
As Austrian myself I used the German QWERTZ for the longest time, but changed it at home about 2 years ago to QWERTY US international layout, and shortly after that at work too
* Rudolf Hundstorfer, from the social democratic SPÖ
It baffled me how so many people could insist things that worked before and are currently working elswhere cannot possibly work here and now and believe it themselves.
I can give you the history of the Austrian-Hungarian border:
The "Russian solution" for when a solution isn't beautiful, but works
They instantly broke out in laughter but they absolutely loved it
It took forever
Yeah, my town of 15k souls actually got quite a neo-nazi scene a few years ago, mostly teenagers and guys in their young 20s.
heilige makkaroni
During the party, it's a free-for-all, everybody just drinks whatever they want or can find
Oachkatzl is dialect for Eichkätzchen/Eichhörnchen which means Squirrel
Completely up to the courts to decide if something was self defense with appropriate force
I think you were talking about the first round of voting back in april
Both used to be way bigger empires, kinda dark humor, one big tourist attractor city, smaller industry-heavy cities, lots of space for agriculture but at the same time basically no dangerous wild animals, cuisine is meat and potato-heavy, often when people think about the prime of the countries they think of past times, they share a language with a bigger country and it’s basically the same but certain words are different and people point it out a lot, ... but that’s just my two cents
) ignore the difference in buying power and compare those values to their own income/cost of living
Goethe's Faust was dull af
I don't see this as a downside
Otherwise it would be [removed].
Apparently Æthelbert became Adalbert after the Norman conquest and it's Old High German (Adal = noble, bert = shiny, famous) in origin
There is the old saying: "The whole world leads war, but you Austria just marry". The reason for this was that the Habsburgs collected their Lands not by force for the most part, but by marrying their numerous daughters to lords and kings so that after 1-2 Generations it came into their possession through inheritance
We've got Martinigansl too :)
Sometimes I use the English one as a dictionary for technical/professional terminology
" (Due to my parents having alot of american friends visiting I have a pretty american accent
While I do agree with that, he still was a failed artist while in Austria and in Germany he was a politician
Hahaha, wait till you hear about St
damn rich jet-set mountian dwellers showing off their sportiness wherever they go
In reality, the Allies (especially the Soviet Union aka the second Mongol Empire) were just as bad as the Axis
haha, as if people would seriously consider eating it without
Thank you France
For some reason, this reminds me of the movie 'Yellow Submarine', during (or around) the time when *Eleanor Rigby* is played
We're talking international politics here
Once again you seem to be incredibly lucky - when I lived in Virginia I could literally go nowhere without a car - work was too far, shopping mall was too far, and the suburb my company put me in had no other option for shopping then that
when wiener (viennese) reallised there city is shit they started immigrating to lower austria, but lower austria didn't want them so they founded a new village, threw all wiener there and called it wiener neudorf (new viennese village), but they kept coming and soon wiener neudorf was to small so they foundad a new city, threw all viennese there and called it wiener neustadt (new viennese city)
also, Dude
And that the party that lead this dictatorship is in power now
In austria, sometimes individual families (especially farmers) have their own dialects
> Jutebeutel
NATO members have time to meet 2% until 2024.
It's basically pancakes stacked on top of each other with ketchup and meat (not like, steak, but "minced" meat, had to google what it's in english) between the pancakes
let's go with it".
hey you can't quote the whole thing in one comment, depriving people of building it up in a comment tree
they will curse the house If they get cought in it
the grumpy Austrian trying to bond over shared complaining, and the exuberant USian trying to bond over being positive
Thanks honey, I know that, but as you said, it is pretty hard to find out who has a double citizenship.
There hasn't been a closed snowcover at all this year
Austro-Faschismus
Especially the that town wich didn't give a damn that they actually are near the Italian border
He almost ended up in a POW camp near Cologne - but since he was originally from a farm he was sent to work on a farm with 4 or 5 other POWs, which was pretty "good" compared to the regular POWs in camps
It's so that the shirt is not "just blue", but "blue with some orange details on it" instead
I love it
Personal: Cats
" - Douglas Adams
2)I didn't say they are taxed again as income.
Vienna wanted to switch the administration to Linux, even developed there own distro [Wienux] for this purpose
I come from an established, high middle-class Viennese family
haha, for some reason our pictures always look horrible as well
You can't just say something is guttural when it certainly isn't.
Luxembourgish sounds like a quirky German dialect
Everything I said is accurate for many Burschenschaften in Austria and according to some other posters also in Germany.
Herr / Frau (Mr / Mrs) Lehrer(in) (teacher / the female form of teacher).
Rape can be if you sleep with a severely impaired person or someone who isn't giving consent.
Edit: rural area in Upper Austria
Refering to us as german is the best way of getting yourself killed
> Crampons
All the other versions teach English to varying degree, some of them sprinkle in some occasional Spanish words
People often just prefer what they are used to
If it's legal or not doesn't matter in this question
Although I personally speak a mixture between dialect and Standard Austrian (depending on who I‘m talking to), the thought of having children that speak like Germans is so hoat meier
>and with no children as citizens
It was originally a reply to someone who deleted their comment (or it was deleted by a mod, I don't know).
If you are only cooking occasionally (and only for one person) these premade packs make a lot of sense, if it comes down to things that can go bad
eh, everyone does that to some extent.
Pretty shure he just comes from the west and can't differentiate them because he doesn't speak them
You have to travel around the 1000 metre mark to get artificial snow and 1500 to meet real snow on slopes
There's definitely a ch sound
Exploring nature
Costs of living tend to be high for food, cheap for public transportation
I can understand why, I haven't rewatched it since I saw it in the cinema and I went in expecting the usual DC shit
White: Latin
Russia had growing aspirations in Eastern Europe and alongside the Black Sea, France wanted revenge for losing Alsace-Lorraine a few decades back, Britain had no bilateral obligation to join the war but did anyway, Italy wanted territorial growth itself
Another walther von der vogelweide fan
Because these kinds of things usually are based on some sort of human sacrifice
Die Diktatur war der einzige Ausweg um unser Land zu beschützen
Many believe it is the day the last allied troops left the country after WW2, reestablishing full independence
Not only the ones you mentioned but of course also: Hascheeknödel (dumpling filled with ground sausage leftovers), Speckknödel (filled with Speck/Ham), Grammelknödel (what is Grammel in english
I guess it's due to the proximity and influence on my own dialect.
> where the Emperors are burried
Huh
* 24% Our land best land
Closed (some waaaayy to late, sadly - Sorry, Iceland, Norway, Germany and probably rest of Northern Europe)
Technically a person could be president for 9 years and 364 days.
Well, do you have a better idea?
Almdudler is a sweet carbonated soft drink made from herbal extracts
He lived in Vienna during the invention
My American wife straight up thought I was making that shit up until she moved here
Where's Merkel
Well, in a way they do, it's just called Swiss german
Yeah, but they make it from pears while on the other side of the Alps "Most" is made from apples.
Yeah your products are cheaper on the international markets but that only allows you to stay inefficient for longer.
Well, not our fault if you "forgot" them.
yes
With a little refresh, those could've been on par with Liechtenstein
- I thought you already left
Or maybe also that you can move the words around in a sentence and it will still mean the same
And of course if you run around looking like a low level drug dealer people will treat you as one
why are eastern europeans so sensitive to criticism?
this goes in general by the way: if you have to ask, don't be all naive and friendly about it, instead act like you're sorry for having to ask
Yep, not gonna argue with that
Only here the dates are [1920] and [1934]
In a united Europe and a globalised world it only makes sense to allow multiple citizenships
A Chefarzt does basically the same things a Primar does but he doesn't get paid as much money as a Primar.
Typical case of a word with the same root, but semantically it developed differently in both languages
The notion is that you do something stupid/funny that ideally is nice for other students but annoying for the teachers
uhh enjoy
In our dialect of German you can say:
you can simply say
Germany again
That is an excellent question
But still doesn't mean the mayority of the country voted for it ;).
technical it's a longer Golf which resembles a bit the Passat
Germany is pretty densely populated everywhere and there are hardy any vast nature reserves, that's pretty bad too imo
I get what your problem was, but it's not hard to guess, that this triggers Austrians too
> Unless we're talking speeds over gigabit copper is fine from the basement to your apartmen
Oh that's cool
mylah91 said:
My little Brother loaded his Plate with it at a Buffet, ate 90% of it until we told him what it was :(
(sachertorte is overrated)
I am still not completly used to it, but it wasn't too big of a change
Sure, there are quite some "hip" neighbourhoods, but the rest is a damn ugly snoozefest.
Which is nice
This is impossible for eurosceptic parties to achieve as for example our moderate parties and the dutch moderate parties refuse to go into a coalition with their respective far right
No, its not common in Austria
My Dad opposed pretty much all other comics and considered them to be worthless literature, but he also love Asterix and we had all books
the german intro i heard as a kid:
Erm, here in Austria most of this stuff is provided by the state or outsourced to said organisations.
And Le Pen is going to win in France, my spider sense is tingling.
After doeing something sweaty or once per day
But I doubt it will happen in this case.
nothing but Smetov Yeldos is a maschine
I got this from the official communique by the government
Alright Rome isn't posh at all I give you that.
Okay I am not allowed to link to IG but Photo is made by @  **alinafoto\_com** **on IG**
The question is at what age this becomes profitable.
The moustache guy, was actually
Someone could correct me if I'm wrong.
They are so autonomous the assembly could declare independence tomorrow and largely nothing would change for the island
Nah this is pronounced *Wutsch* (in German)
Legal drinking age for non-distilled beverages being 16 as well
Quite interesting that brits heard of Austria but 2% never heard of Germany
Yes, we used to do that with most foreign monarchs
(a hard fight has slain you in two, south tyrol was taken from you)
Be proud of what you did, not where you are from
Grammar-wise, it's an extremely easy language, but the pronunciation is just a mess.
Like internet connectivity (ideally).
From scraps and crumbs left over
Maybe he meant the Union xD
>	I pay nothing for healthcare (covered by employer), neither does she (covered by the German taxpayer)
Was our biggest port
Shop workers hate it
Univ
It became an official name because using the erroneous reference became so widespread and commonly accepted.
Shouldn't there be a purchase/price icon beside the links as well
No reason to have their flag up their.
We all understand on average about 57-59%, less if you consider "America" as a continent.
Made of plastic of course
I can't ski (probably
Opus - Live is Life: [
In Austrian German its really weird, because a "the" in front of a name is completely wrong in written Austrian German, but normal in spoken Austrian German
Just taking German Österreich is a bit hard and has an Umlaut
Try somewhere outside the tourist centers and you'll be sent packing if you order anything with "Sahne".
Fuck, that looks terrible
My area is such an area and we have way more problems with drunk people (yes we have way more drunk people compared to high people but still, high people never make problems)
Never have been in one tbh
Seriously i can't even find something else that is that flat
Vienna has the [University of Applied Arts] which offers degrees focused on various things.
Of course the German one
We're already way higher in actual data use.
there are about 200km between the two largest cities in Austria, the trains takes at least 2:35 => Car usually faster (speed limit on highways is 130 km/h.)
I obviously posted this map about Australia in r/europe ;D
I don't get it
Accountability and that sort of shit that doesn't exist in the EU.
Used mostly for when something is made in a way that seems crude, but actually works
Guys, if you wanna commit suicide, please don't do it like that
everyone can join, as long as Vienna is the capital
If you leave the Landstraße behind you you can get into some beautiful neighbourhood in less than five minutes
That's just how it is
Thanks for explaining
Am End Is Ois Umsonst
One thing I notice is that /r/AskEurope tends to be far more pro-immigration than /r/Europe.
It's a concert for charity
Last year I visited Graz the first time and was flabbergasted
It\`s sometimes seen in the countryside but I have never seen one in the city I live
A friend of mine lives in Germany near the French border and she does a lot of her day to day grocery shopping in France
Not bad or good
And I always use it as an example as to why umlauts are important and you can‘t just replace them with u, o and a lmao
Or an equal sized flat with 2 garage spots, but without garden
Send help
That Austria is more responsible than Germany for WW2 because Hitler was born here
It just sounds like home
The view from my dorm room was a high security prison.
How is a Mobile Device defined
Because once a language is actually dead it cannot truly be brought back to its original form.
So, I'd say very common here
Nuland tried to do what she wanted and in the end it didn't work out exactly because of that.
Let's see, who had the right idea five years ago...
Also, I've seen about three cars with black plates in my life and all of them were extremely shabby
[La Valletta]
I'm glad I live this side of the border when it comes to phone plans
afaik Snowgoons are a producer duo, not rappers
PS: the berries they sell at the market there, are they really handpicked in Lapland
I just think being aware of these things can only help
My family descends from Danubian Swabians which were settled in the region by Maria Theresia
If you live in a village you could join up with the voluntary fire brigade or local church group as they all organise a lot of events to meet new people
There isn't one (major) party most people dislike
Fortunately with a car you can just stop by
Edit: Apparently our government worked with our Neighbors on letting those nurses pass the border again (with checks)
Baden, Pfalz and Schwaben are only know from Germans talking about them so if we care at all we have their stereotypes.
Festzelte, Kirtage, Food Festivals, Music festivals, Christmas markets etc, etc, I'm looking at you :D
I kinda love Switzerland
Rename to Nebelux to get neighbours right
But i can understand why everyone calls it austria-hungary
Are we sure it wasn't the French consulate?
The party afterwards is the stuff of legends
For me it was le chat mange un pomme rouge
Look at Turkey it got bigger over the Erdogan years and look at my Country for example Austria it is a fairly slim book
The most murderous country in western europe
Same here in Austria
I really enjoyed the first Bourne movie for that reason (the European setting)
So Landsteiner discovered blood types before Janský, but only discovered three (A, B, O) and not four, which led to the American medical commission officially acknowledging Janský's discovery over Landsteiner's in 1921
All STEM fields
Because I learned Norwegian, then Danish, and I could hardly hear any differences in Denmark, except some weak accents (like copenhagen, fyn, jylland)
I must admit I was never in Tyrol and Vorarlberg.
Us at r/sweddituniversalis have reached that number, though expect a huge amount of people dropping out in the beginning as they get bored/tardy/wiped out.
Austria and Australia
I hope his star burns bright and exhausts itself fast like Haiders
Oachkatzlschwoaf (Eichkätzchenschweif=squirrels tail)
Don't tell me that's faster with scissors
> For most front doors I have seen this wouldn't work
Bussi (probably Czech origin, from 'pusa' = kiss) = an affectionate, non-sexual kiss, usually on the cheek
It's a bit missleading because a city needs to manage many more things like waste disposal, energy, housing, etc
Tbh most of us younger people don't really speak with such a strong dialect anymore
He had a few encounters with partisans, luckily he was wounded sometimes, I don't know why and how but because of that he couldn't serve anymore
Why do EU countries feel so much richer than the USA?
But I guess one needs to talk to a specific adviser in Germany about that.
Thank good, you kind Easyjet stewardess
That's unpopular here and i again expect a lot of downvotes, but it's true
What's "the millionaires" in French
grammar and stuff like that is hard but doable
Which tells you why it's all middle aged guys haha
* Ski resorts
The southern Cypriot government, or the Greek governemnt of the country Greece
Hungry
Some might say we lost the war, others might say we got rid of a problem
In "other demographics" you can [see] that the number of more men to women is insignificant
see it more like, in the middle
Fuck, Fuck, Fuck Mother Mother Fuck Mother Mother Fuck Fuck Mother Fuck, Mother Fuck
I think that's all
Also, ya know, not everyone can actually write dialect properly, myself included
Sometimes, however, that wind stops and that’s when it gets real bad
Because the EU doesnt care about legitimacy it cares about her interests
I also see it more as a pentagon
...pronounced almost exactly like their English/American counterparts.
We had a separation of police and Gendarmerie until the 2 decades ago
Oh, no wait
Because I really didn't think of TTTech as a startup.
It depends on the situation
Habe die Ehre
they just aren't as good as the real thing coming from a good restaurant
Der / Das Radio
As it is cut off from the western and northern parts of Austria by the mountains so you normally don't visit it too often
i can already tell you how that will go
It were probably humans
Agreed, it's awful and tragic and just horrific how the war, both of them, really, scarred entire generations for life
Because they are ashamed of how well they worked.
Idk sitting on a bench and eating a Leberkassemmel is totally fine, but walking and eating would be considered inappropriate
The Chancellor went down the populist rabbit hole and wants to appear tough on immigration without the right wing undertones.
Well since the krampus is an alpine thing I'd say our hate for EVERY NATION in the whole world
and than there is the state treaty which has the same rank as our constitution
Would make my everyday life much easier
That sentiment was even more pronounced under the 1928 royal dictatorship
Dude, Le Pont du Gard is absolutely breathtaking
very atypical for my country :)
Younger ones do
It's just a first class clusterfuck 20 years in the making
View from street in Innsbruck, Austria
Experience tells me: Germany or Turkey
Klagenfurt, Innsbruck: summer and winter tourism (K more summer, I more winter)
A) and B) is like saying that I hate Italy because they betrayed Austria many times in the past.
That's actually kinda cool
We say it like, sorry for the weird example, the guy in the HA
Seems what people actually want is not a good teacher, but a tall blonde clown to make your school feel cultured and worldly
I don't like it
Judging by your username, I guess you're talking about ancient Rome?
Post enlargement text
Why do you steal austrian "Krapfen"?
The stereotypical one
I personally prefer the old animated feature films, they were fantastic
They switched from the Yugoslavian and Serbian Dinar to DM and US Dollars and never bothered for an own currency.
But given internal UK politics and rethoric for the last decades I wouldn't get my hopes up too high.
Because we're not savages
I honestly can't remember the last time I paid for a toilet around here or even on holiday elsewhere on the continent
They do exactly that
Not for freedom but for supremacy
Everything above 1500m you say "Servus" instead of "Grüß Gott"
each and every "untranslatable expression" is like that, to be honest
Yes "we" (i.e. our grand and great-grand parents) were, but "Austria" didn't exist during that time i.e. it wasn't sovereign
Objective 2: escape the building
>Alternatively a high speed railway across all of Europe
Then you see like 10 crosses of the accident-victims next to the road and then you see 2 huge stop-signs on both sides of the road
I do get that, we have similar procedures, though the bar for detainment, which is not arrest per se, is much higher.
but there's just something about [proper handmade leather shoes] the ones that you put wax on once a year to make them near indestructible, and you own for ten years or longer with just needing to resole them from time to time
I am
And hell do party leaders love it to be the pinacle of attention
No, no
Depends on how we count the former parts of the Austrian empire though
Or are there prepared areas where people come together and plant trees there
The hell is goalball
Mostly it seems you're taken more seriously if you state your academic title, e.g.
Dieses Bild macht mich sehr wütend
Bierpartei: "beer party" wants free beer for everyone and to stop people from working
Deine Landsleute immer wieder mal zum Beispiel
I think it's less that and more that the us has a culture of frivolous spending (seen also in those huge weddings for example) and necessity for status symbols, and the iPhone is incredibly attainable for that purpose, unlike a huge wedding/house/car, and you can show it off to others all the time
Parliament votes whatever the fuck public opinion is and the idiotic masses think that CETA is going to mean privatized water, GMOs, supporting American multinationals and whatever else they have in mind.
I am already downloading a vpn
And outside Europe
Or they go the Austro\_Hungarian way and split the left stripe in blue and green, while keeping the others red and white
Taking photos and videos in public is a basic right.
South Park had a great 2-part episode on what they think about *Family Guy* and how the show is actually written.
Second biggest city
section control, vehicle impounding for repeat offenders, problem solved
Grosso
And the democratically elected president for all eternity
We just offered, you could have resisted in taking it, but you took it anyways!
Of course it would have been nice to see the South (Austria) winning.
maybe it'd be better to invest in the EU army idea now, then you might feel safer.
One of the things that the norwegian government highlighted was the invention of the paper clip
Still unclear
Making friends here is tough, especially since I’m a bit older (mid 30’s)
Not driving people includes too young, too old, too fat, and/or (other) medical conditions
Das finstere Tal (The Dark Valley) - A really good western that takes place in the Austrian alps
Articles are very neutral, comprehensive and nearly all information is backed by external sources
Ooooh I just grew more fond of Greek because it's a language where you can leave out the subject
KZ Mauthausen, without a doubt
I think Merkur has it Austria wide now
It's power lies with the people
Depends what you offer in return.
Already rounding up political opponents
Kinda get the feeling you would "killing soviets on Nazi Side" no matter what
We are obviously only 98% responsible
Basically nobody thinks anymore that we were invaded by the Nazis.
That is because he meant to say right wing policies instead of fascism.
I don‘t want to argue over the importance of the EU again, those discussions are always frustrating
South germany, austria and switzerland are mostly not descendents from germanic tribes but by slavic ones
(/s)
Dude had a first name that is very common in Austria, but a flawless Argentinian accent
:D ;)
Looks like the sink at the anatomy institute where you wash your hands after touching corpses...
And a huge part fo the country absolutely despises the openly racist FPÖ.
You can see that the persepectives are changing.
Also the Austrian-Italian border
That won't work the more East you go in Austria and in Vienna the Kindergarden needs a picture and name of the people allowed to pick up a kid
I would say 13 or 14 is a pretty standard age in (rural) Austria.
I can't find any country in their colors on the map.
The only one I've never heard was "New York, New York".
I am not the biggest fan either tbh (e.g. safe, cringe, etc)
So you would have to wiggle with you pants down and your bare butt exposed across the bathroom (toilet and bidet still in the same room next to each other of course)
:("
Austrian police is commonly equipped with Glock 17 hand guns, indeed they have Steyr Aug A3 Subcompacts and bulletproof vests in their cars and or stations but they don’t commonly carry them
Is there a Problem with me feeling that way?
>I like German highways
etc
I feel no connection whatsoever
It‘s simplicity in a pure form
Crazy how important German tourists are for many economies
> "who was it who shat in your head"
Also this response makes no sense for a German speaker
I guess the only time you would hear this argument is during the election for president (head of state)
Probably a bit more, since more people arrived but about the same number of crimes took place.
The mainstream parties calling themselves "Christians" are typically just moderate (sometimes not-so-moderate) conservatives.
Most of it is being caused by exhaust fumes I heard
Same goes for Africa, Australia and Asia
Is kind of the same as the rich (since beeing rich equals beeing powerfull)
If anything this document proofs what I think is wrong.
Doesnt matter if its the Swiss, Austrians or the Germans
Never been in Wels but also not planning to go there, especially after reading this
Yes
I.e. K.u.k. Monarchie for the monarchy itself, or K.u.k. Hoflieferant for companies that were chosen to deliver to the royal court (which was a huge badge of honour and proof of quality)
Closely related to the word Austria are the names Austrasien and Austrien for Eastfrance aka Eastrealm
Vaccinations should never be a choice
It's a game with cards
At least he's staying out of politics, so that's...
The door doesn't open from the outside without a key anyway
Such a great and relevant answer
I love that feature of Spanish and hate that German conjugates **and** needs subjects
The problem wouldn't have occurred in the first place.
Granted, anybody could fall for his trap, Austrians just like Germans, but Germans fell for it first
You often hear the typical "I can't do now unfortunately, but what about next week
You usually have to sign up for the test in spring or so and it only takes place if there are enough people applying (didn't take place for law this year for example)
P.S. Yes, I know that you improved a lot in this regard
Trump and Angie shaking hands:
The point is that you are just stopping the chain of causation arbitrarily at Germany instead of the direct cause which is Russia.
It'd be the only central European country to take it seriously
The EEC of 1973 wasn't a political union like the EU is today and abortion isn't a human right.
Seriously why *is* it there
Then probably italian so i could finally take my mum on the trip around rural italy shes always wanted to go on
In my valley alone there are hundreds of Aus
You dont think Bavaria is german?
But weren't they those that profited from the Carmation (?) revolution
Towns with the name [Öd] in Austria and Bavaria literally meaning ~"dull".
But that's not the dual form
I'd rather have them adapt
If you work some "regular" or "boring" office job behind the scenes it is probably accepted
Honest question to you tho, political leanings and stabs about who is reading what newspaper aside:
from the moment we annexed you till the moment we lost you
Bei der Oper (wie passend), am Flughafen und ich glaub am Hauptbahnhof
EXPECTO PATRONUM
Amazing, if the upvotes keep pouring in, my karma will be this \*hand gesture\* high!
My Mom does that, my friends do that, the ones with kids alot, my aunts do that, my neighbors do that
And yes, we know it's a misnomer because it contains neither Leber (liver) nor käs (cheese), but who cares, I don't wanna talk with it, I wanna eat it
But how can a marketing campaign blame this on the EU when it's their own delegates that are pushing that policy.
Brave man
I don't think any country is as mountainous as Austria.
I mostly agree with you, and obviously don't see a major war coming in the foreseeable future.
Our first fascist Leader
Gavrillo Princip
[Rock Me Amadeus - Falco] and [Egoist - Falco] are two I think are pretty known globally
Sadly my class couldn‘t go to a Concentration Camp like about every other school does because
He speaks an old dialect of Gipuzkoan Basque that almost nobody else speaks anymore, like a living fossil
Ngl these times were shit
He's now trying to get back into politics by trying to become mayor of Vienna
Visit Austria, see wood
In Vienna it has improved a lot in the last 10-15 years
I'm still looking for a job but I need to pay my tuiton and a loan would be the perfect solution, I'm quite sure I will be able to repay it since it's easy to find a job with a medical degree in italy.
I don't like English
Vienna is cut in three by the Danube and the Danube Canal
we write them like »this«, not like « this »
The Austrian state ceased to exist after the Anschluss (annexation) and can therefore not be made responsible for the crimes committed during WWII.
For me that would be the "Kardinalschnitte".
Islandic: Even less than Danish, maybe every tenth word or so, possibly less
Der Dativ ist dem Genitiv sein Tod
So Landsteiner discovered blood types before Janský, but only discovered three (A, B, O) and not four, which led to the American medical commission officially acknowledging Janský's discovery over Landsteiner's in 1921
Das Joghurt, oder ? I just had do go trough all pronouns and all seems right
If you are not exactly friends with someone, it may be inappropriate asking how much they make, or telling them how much you make
Often its some texmex stuff, Ive never heard of and I really doubt its buyable in my city
That's the one overriding factor for living in a country for you?
>das „Oida“ (*Alter*) wird auch ohne sichtbaren Zusammenhang fast jedem Satz vor- oder hintangestellt
This works better if you are neutral though.
MFW you are against buzzfeed, but quote medium
The relation with the name of the 4th district of Vienna, *Wieden*, is disputed
Like once a week someone thinks they're totally funny by posting a "haha Austria started two world wars and blamed both on the Germans" picture to r/Austria
I was born and raised in a small village in South Tyrol, a formerly Austrian region in northern Italy
Sailing school-ship of the Deutschen Marine.
I just wanted to say that from my perspective Germany's and Switzerland's relationship seems much closer than the Austrian-Swiss one
That's because Camp David is an actual brand sold at Peek & Cloppenburg
Eistee ist probably available somewhere else, but that Rauch quality
Theres also "laufen" which means "running" in Austria and "walking" in Germany
What do you mean with "traditionally Christian but without believing in a God"?
I think Germany has some good actors, but most of the series/movies have a boring plot (detective in a rural town style, there are 1000s of these)
This isn't *necessarily* a bad thing, but I think it's a fact.
Oh god, please let it be any other Habsburg/Hohenberg and not Karl
You simplified it
" He does not believe that the world is 2/3rds ocean, he thinks it is impossible, even if his own brother went fishing all the way to Greenland back in the day, and told him about the vastness of the ocean
Tho you get to visit mist of them sooner or later (in school, excursions, work, etc
one for fucking a pug and another for selling out his country to the highest bitter
[That's my earliest memory/trauma of learning English in school.]
But only if there's enough rum in it
There were two duplicate comments from me, I deleted one and both were gone...
You're right, I wouldn't be surprised if that happened here as well
I also really like places like Kufstein, Wörgl and many thermal baths in Styria
So for the first 300 euros you pay 4.9 euros, but get 30 euros in return, for the second 300 euros you get roughly 27 euros in return etc.
The FPÖ (party of Hofer) has focused on one subject the last couple of decades and that's problems with foreigners and immigration
You often hear the typical "I can't do now unfortunately, but what about next week
If I recall correctly there even was a concert of the vengaboys in front of the federal chancellery
a) pretty significant, but the craze about Waltz and how much Tarantino liked working with him was pretty obvious and known right after IG.
And you can very easily write German until the day you die and not use a single apostrophe ever, it is especially not used in the possessive form
Every German even today considers Austrians as Germans very often, when we in fact have a full on different culture, slightly different language and everything
Y'all need to introduce a height requirement for immigration from Austria
at midday they would recognize that it is too difficult.
Strangely the "babaric Version" looks better..
Either way it is very old, having been in use in some way since at least the 13th century
But the reason they voted that wasn't "we are ethnic Swiss suppressed by Austria", it was more like "new Austria sucks".
FPÖ: our far-right, populist, anti-EU, anti-climate-action, anti-migration party
Now it's just sitting in the bookshelf collecting dust.
I would say our educational system is in tune with the europeam elections as well
It doesn't even register as three separate consonants for me and how unwieldy it can make a word look
We used to be in the 140 gang, it was wild
They just have everything there
There's a good chance I would have gone into administration or the army (and probably died in the Napoleonic Wars)
&#x200B;
While not really beeing about technlogy, a citiy level politician of the right wing-party FPÖ was interviewed about climate change
There is something nice about eating lunch at 3 and dinner at 10
Stealing the bride
He reacted with: the one over there 10 min away from (other village) up that one mountain
(Is Neusiedlersee underrated btw
I never had problems with the so-called "rude Parisians" either
Since you said your are booking a train you will get that ticket but remember to do the same when coming back.
Also please look at the toes of this russian oligarch ;)
You're totally correct, the Council of Ministers and any EU body representing the governments (like the Commission) is as shit/corrupt/lobby-influenced as the single country's governments
Well
It’s really like „the whole village raises the kids“. Seriously, Italy is awesome when it comes to this
I think they do - at least Austrians have very much a clue when reading dutch and every German in here says dutch
Die Politiker in Österreich sind erst in dieser Not wirkliche Demokraten geworden
If you wants to break ice with germans, praise Sonneborn
Only after spending hours to understand the article, you'll realize that 90% was useless
that is just to have balls though, no
Warum sollten wir gegen unseren Willen diese Identität haben?
My gf's sister studied medicine entirely in Basque
You could argue that they still are
How many beers from small breweries in Austria have you tasted
those are little steps, but they are part of a clear path, to unite all of europe
With this pass you should able to board most of the trains( international, national and regional) in all european countries (only albania seems not included)
In german (and many other languages), when you combine nouns, you lose the space in between
It is flabbergasting
Here in Austria it's okay to be patriotic as long as you don't show it.
However the "austr" part also seems to be common northwest Germanic influenced languages
With its 14% it's AFAIK one of the strongest lagers in the world
*presses X to doubt*
And because all religions are treated equal, this right is also grantef to all other recognized religions as well
Milka is German, as a kid I thought it is Austrian
OP means a really liquid sauce, stuff you'd also have on a roast or smth
How do people actually drive
But yeah, about 2 hours of driving is probably the most I'd spontaneously be up for.
You're completely right, that must be it.
not really hard then: clozehorse
Because the typical genocide denier does not care about discussion
A true albanian
If a government in Austria would try to pull of shit like that the president could and most certainly would fire their asses.
Then I have 2 bikes - one "looking as shabby as possible so it wouldn't get stolen so fast when I leave it on the road - locked of course - and a "good" one, inline skates, ice skates, my public-transport-annual-ticket and a carsharing-membershipcard.
I almost suffocate(d) when my dad did that back then because he either was an asshole or „just for jokes“.) but now it‘s gotten better and nobody complains anymore (:
And newspapers
You see Austria was in a bad spot after WW1
My American wife straight up thought I was making that shit up until she moved here
He holds quite a lot of power, but no president so far has actually used it in any significant way.
I wouldn't however use it in a formal environment.
Of course not the whole city looks like that, but in any case, a skyscraper wouldn't fit in at all
Nobody gives a shit if Nigeria speaks English.
Someone made another link above yours saying the opposite is true in the UK.
Blühende Landschaften voller brauner Blumen more like it
Am I wrong to assume that bliva actually meant something along the lines of 'to stay the same'?
No I don't view them as Arabs but my picture of Turks is influenced by the uneducated, lower class, AKP-voting diaspora which is living in Austria.
You can see the rounded structure of the vault, that forms the ceiling, here is [a picture for comparisson
However this also seems to fade because we have pride parades in every federal state, I think, and the younger generation seems to barely care about wether you‘re LGBT or not
But countries like Slovakia have much less people to support with their tax revenue and offer cheaper wages and are in the EU.
Do you prefer them or English memes
It's just hypocrisy and sexism all the way down
That is when [Leopold I] became margrave, the first in a long line of Austrian rulers from the House of Babenberg
Or: listening through my 2 favourite records for commuting to and from work
The fuck
It further also seeks to not have any foreign trained preachers at these places.
We usually watch any of the die hard movies
Technically it was supposed to be subsidiary to regional customary law but since it was wider spread and good lawyers had more experience with it it replaced those bit by bit.
But I could leave the hospital on the same day since it wasn't too big of a surgery and I felt well (despite beeing exhausted)
We are Germany's little brother
Ring-Tram - see above
The lingonberry jam isn't as liquid and you usually just dip the piece you are going to eat in it
I remember one other really wierd scene from the episode "Eight Misbehavin'" (just googled it)
I may not be an expert but i don’t think vienna was in fucking france
You personally don't like how you think all Germans dress
That likely mean we need to be able to plan for a case where the russians decide to pay us a military visit and trump suddenly withdraw all soldiers & run back to the US.
If Brexit didn't go through, you'd get kicked out of EU for this pun
Lapio	FI
Hosentür = Hosndial
They must be mandatory unless you cannot have them due to allergies, age, or illness, PERIOD
, keep making fun of you, <insert evil laughter>
Very sorry to hear that
When trying to get reservations yesterday, I was told told that it is impossible to make reservations for at least some TGVs (i.e.
In all these regards, my hometown feels way more of a metropolis than Vienna at its almost 2 million inhabitants; and don’t even get me started on Bucharest
Mislead supporters and willing enablers
I thought it was in line with the already existing ban of burkas/niqabs in some places, but I'm not sure if that's accurate.
Not really cities, more like regions, but nobody likes Vienna ("Wasserkopf") and Vienna likes nobody ("Provinz")
Trilliarde = 10^21 = 1 000 000 000 000 000 000 000
So they were not "added" to the constitution technically, they were just "elevated" into constitutional rank to have special protection from being changed (and to make it impossible for the VfGH to overrule them)
Why do you think it took them so long to conquer it
In the village, many people didn‘t really „feel“ occupied, mostly because it was so secluded and small
we have a mandatory service and I guess it's the most effective way to lose respect against (our) military and soldiers
I live in favoriten as well and seeing women wear full face covering veils is a daily occurence.
Also no cucumbers are "prohibited". They are just categorized in Class 1, 2 3
The really dangerous thing about Hofer is, that he is working against the EU membership while claiming that he would priorize relations to Russia and Serbia
There will probably never be a single railway system in Europe
Gott und Vaterland
I don't think we'll make it into the knock-out stage
Nivala	FI
That’s a standard austrian tactic I guess
Do people not have sharp knifes
What does a king cake look like?
Also sorry, here be bored for 12/13 years because there is no way to challenge you beyond the current curriculum
Yea
Oh, shove it up your ass
Search your feelings, you know it to be true
Everyone has one, nobody ever uses it
The U.S. [Environmental Protection Agency] published the following [Acute Exposure Guideline Levels] (AEGL):[\[10\]] "
Although, if you presume you've got five overweighted individuals sat in there (500kg), plus something heavy in the trunk, it's not off by orders of magnitude
According to IMDB, it will air on German TV on 16 JAN 2017.
>Geraeuscheemmision
I think nowadays it's more common that kids have those training bikes were they don't have to use pedals yet, but can learn how to hold the balance
A screenshot of a 9gag post
How about we pay health-workers the amount they deserve for the hard work they are doing
It can be that a country temporarily suspends Schengen and enforces border checks, like Germany did in 2015
Check if they dont cheat on you with a turned off taxi-meter, that happens quite a lot to tourists.
Have a similar arrangement since my flat is too small for a machine with a washer and dryer in the basement
To be fair if they charged less many people would just use it as a free Autobahn (and the roads are better than most German roads)
Wie viele NS-Gedenkfeiern gibt es, wie oft hört man öffentliche Personen sich an die NS-Zeit erinnern
Personally I'm not mad that there are still methods that don't depend on smart phones (I still know many Seniors who don't own one) or involve ones every move (potentially) being tracked with every swipe of a card
They're pretty good and expanding over even more of Europe
It's not so much about overall turnout but about voter mobilisation
European Union first, Benelux second?
And even for the standards of his time a rabid one
I served on the military and it was not a shitty amateur job with very dumb people...
It looks massive in person too btw and transitioning there from the normal moscow feels insanely unreal
Actually I quite know what you mean, it's just that from my experience it's mostly uneducated folks
But then again, we had different stuff at every event and I was never allowed to taste beforehand, so if anybody had any questions I'd usually make up some bullshit (for those who obviously had no clue and wanted to show off in front of their peers) or sent my manager to talk to them (for those who obviously knew a lot more about wine than I did)
You forgot the Austrian Feber* instead of Februar.
I must say, I am worming up to their concept of "cultural appropriation"-critique
One of the best things in Austria is that schools have the Autonomy to try out various systems of education
But most of the times money has to speak a word
However as communist regimes do they coupled it with the man on the top and the ideology and when Tito croaked the Serbian primacy in the federation again became too noticeable and spured much animosity
But my class was once in england and we got the job to ask a few people a few questions one being where is austria
How is such a minor threat enough to justify MASSIVE invasions of privacy?
Yeah bruh because if the Germans would have won wwi everyone would have been enslaved
A list of all major parties from right to left:
The currently second strongest party has an big influence by farmers.
> You guys got labeled as Florida
I don't need a car license
(last election: 37,5%, 71/183 seats)
Bitcoin down even worse, nearly 3% compared to yesterday in USD.
THEN the discussions about Erdogan rallies started and he tried again with basically the same law, hoping that now he can succed because noone really wants those rallies.
It's barely over 1000m tall
I mean there isn't really that much left of Austria
ImmEverybody in here should know him
Austrian teams usually don't qualify, but Champions League still gets high TV ratings.
Done
Jessica Lange in American Horror Story: Freak Show
This right here
Unless you live in Tirol
I'm 26 and I got my whole apartment and car stuff covered easily, but on top of that I'm saving next to nothing
I think trust in the government might also be a factor here, whether people believe the government is in control of the situation, so there is less need for personal control
Which of them woule you recommend
It's like with scientist working at foreign universities and publishing papers, their birthplace is a rather useless information, but where they accomplished their works isn't.
Most of them are strongly against the right-winged populists.
Like, I can guess many words because they‘re so similar to German
That's exactly what I'm talking about
Our very own super-Aryan, not-at-all-corrupt, and certainly-not-Nazis-I-swear-that's-just-isolated-cases-I-promise-my-right-arm-just-has-this-tick right wing knights of the Austrian Freedom Party *love* to use terms like that
Usually used for checking attendance at tests and to get student discounts
I am thinking the artist didn't think that part through
You are similar
you're only not mentioned because of the "no common borders" requirement in the question, mountain brothers
Some people joke about giving back Burgenland to Hungary
Nope
Find something with low fees
I'm about halfway into the ahow and I love it
As a Salzburgian, I gotta agree
Was never stolen or tampered with, but some services are rather creative and put them at my basement door which I don't use everyday so I find a suprise packaga after wondering why the Status ist delivered but nothing came
Admittedly after checking again, Bavarian seems somewhat more likely
We have our own version, the Hochdeutsch we get taught in School isn't Bundesdeutsch.
Yes it’s true
German (native), Polish (Mother is from Warsaw), English (in school and university) and a little bit of Czech (grew up close to the border, kind of similar to polish).
I'd have a problem where I don't know what is a city and what is a town.
Even when spelling it closer to pronunciation that problem stays, plus now the words look/feel really weird
If you work a job that involves interacting with customers it depends
And he was damn right about that
But yea its nice to see that swedish derives some of its words from overly complicated linux tools
Spanish is just as widespread and doesn't have the same impact in Europe because the US isn't on the list of countries that speak it.
As a pedestrian, you'll have to press a button to get a green light, I don't think I saw that in USA
It was planned to reintroduce face mask requirements on Sunday, but either Kurz is against it or, worse, he just wants to be at the press conference personally announcing it
met a guy this summer who's from Switzerland and spent the last 6 months travelling from Portugal to Finland and then down to Greece.
Slovenia, so we'll finally break from the landlock
Did somebody from Austria already say Germany?
Lots of villages called Oed here, which directly translates to dull
Yup, those streets never were on my way tho
Don't forget about Alf Poier "Weil der Mensch zählt". Hilarious
(It's of course well known in most of austria and even  in parts of bavaria but espessially lower austria is crazy about it)
In Viennese German, there's the phrase "Ist wurscht", in Englisch it would be "It is sausage".
In what world is this ok
can't stop the bleeding with an arrow in your stomach
Apart from many not knowing what is celebrated, the holiday itself has become more and more odd as time has gone on
So you seriously never scribble down notes in a meeting, or write a shopping list, or pen a message to your mum, or put some talking points on a whiteboard
Except for Tesla
It has become a bit redundant when the city forced the women to relocate to other areas
> Doppelmayr for example is one of the biggest ski lift producers worldwide
You cannot get some snakes like western hognoses (I know of exactly one breeding pair in the country) or garter snakes here, but they are super common in the US
It's a marsch/volkslied played basicly everywhere where marsch and volkslieder are played
As a non-native Russian speaker I can only confirm this
Is that so
Pretty standard and often only vegetarian dish in Austrian pubs as well - but I guess we do share a cultural sphere
Germany just for how they pronounce things
I always thought Latvia was relatively homogenous, apart from the Russian/Belarusian minority, which surely must be shrinking?
He's too stubborn to quit, and he's too stubborn to get cancer
Oh poor busted me xD
The proof is in the pudding as they say, your comment and all the others will probably be readable still when the world realizes how Biden actually is
I think we had it in late elementary school, the whole unit and unit conversion things
Karlskirche
It's more annoying if they don't do it
Well, there are professionals to deal with the big discharge at the end of a pregnancy called midwifes, but I can see how that'll take a few rolls, yes
Even Americans know its from Austria (even when they wouldn't be able to point at Austria on a map)
Man I miss Eurovision
I am just saying that most people welcomed them, but even if they did not it would not have made a difference regarding the outcome
holy Roman empire is not germany
([second video] faster but worse picture quality)
[Polandball] Leader of the Free World
Not so sure about May, you might still run into issues with snow or avalanches or at least cold weather and some huts might still be closed.
No pretty sure it was millions.
Burglar broke into house once, I think that might be the worst one because you don't feel safe in your own home anymore
Peter's basilica in Rome in front of the Pieta because they were blocking each other while taking pictures
Oh Sweden, why are you so sweet-ish?
sorry
The only significant difference I can think of would be gendered nouns (example: the friend vs der Freund(m)/die Freundin(f)).
>  full English breakfasts, Spaghetti Bolognese, various meals with Chicken and rice or chicken and potatoes etc, made fried chicken and fish and chips and burgers during the lockdown too, homemade pizzas etc
Bless god I live in a country where prostitution is legal
I was just trying not to step on toes
no, since packages are normally delivered and signed, or taken back
But why take that right from people?
I think only 1 friend of mine is really "clean shaven", everyday
The loudest fucking people are still drunk English lads though
Pensala	FI
No, but there's a rule that airlines are liable if someone enters a country without papers.
(sachertorte is overrated)
Well, it's basically a membership fee, it's just handled like a tax since the amount you pay is based on how much your wage is so this way it's easier
". Just one example that comes to my mind, I am sure there are many others
Romana = best Pizza
The [Confederacy of Independent Systems] of course
Armie Hammer, is it you
I've never seen it myself but I always seeing the ads for it.
Currently you'll make very little money with short-term investing.
I drive a lot when on my travels or weekend trips
Plus the amount of antidepressants given to kids is crazy
Whenever Romania comes up in a conversation, people also believe it is highly unsafe to go there
"Soko Kitzbühel", a police procedural set in the Tyrolean alps
Not the oldest national flag in use by any sovereign state (that would be of course Denmark, going back to at least 1370), but the oldest flag for the region that was the core of today's Austria (i.e. Lower and Upper Austria)
Once the Nazis came to power, where were they
It is known to them,that they can not shift a discussion by rhethorical means.
Austria in German terms: Berlin with only Bavaria around it
Which exists all over the world
Carinthia is Kärnten here
Form a grand alliance against China with Europe and several east asian countries + India
"Hinter schwedische Gardinen wandern" (To go behind Swedish Curtains) is a German expression for going to prison
>But unless you have absolutely terrible taste in women/men, like falling in love with a Catholic girl, that usually wasn't a problem
** this is more a piece of culture than an actual meal, but one I'm really fond of
I also think that most people are not aware of that.
The ones joking about Vienna are just jealous because they don't live in the world's most livable city
T2 represent
Depends on what you're wearing.
I‘m from Styria if that helps, but usually when I went around about anybody who works for stuff (????) that have Spritzer/Mischungen they‘re usually familiar with both names
It's really weird to see that von der Leyen is an actual human being
- they either talk weird German or weird Croatian
ooh that's a good one, we observe that here as well
So bring them back and don't escort them to YOUR coast?
Probably more expensive
The chancellor of course is the head of government
The NSDAP was illegal for a while, but Hitler pressured Schuschnigg to make it legal again for a promise to ease the political pressure Germany but on Austria (which he of course didn't do)
Here, you can't go into a public sauna with a bathing suit on
But the two drains are standard here
The policeman on the right has done this job for a while now I suppose
What a surprise
I did
Because I don't like white bread that goes stale within hours, but prefer a nice rye bread instead.
"What hill
It was mostly stuff from the 16th to 18th century, but while we were working there we also found some pottery shards in the deeper layers that were around 2000 years old, which was a minor archeological surprise
Austrians understand each other if they try to speak hochdeutsch
plethora of German Beers, probably Berlin
Much less then in the US for example but if you go hiking off the tourist trails it’s quite common to see street signs with billet holes in them
Then they were surprised that I was not surprised at all by that story
I mean there are several countries without universal healthcare on this planet
Better gay parents than no parents at all is not an argument because the problem of no parents simply doesn't exist.
You might thank Sobieski for that
Doesn't germany also vote for parties and not directly the person?
Just Austrian (and one German) top comments and two very weird Hungarian ones
this one does work a little bit:
We are currently in a redesign phase of the automoderator, so we are currently pretty hard on it because we are in a phase of change.
I know that "nokken in the kokken" is "fucking in the kitchen" in swedish
To stay with your analogy: What exactly is being done to "treat the cancer"..
Lots of forest (=wald), nots of people
but German speakers *do* have a language-related idiom (Spanish, just like the Balkans and Hungary) - we just happen to also have the railway station one
In german you can also say "dank dir schön" (word by word translation: thank you well) and "dank euch schön" (thank you (plural) well)
I also remember my parents gifting him a flight with an old Ju 52 (the plane he jumped out of as a paratrooper) for his birthday at some point
Brötchen is Weckerl (Semmel is a certain type of white bread Weckerl)
Been there, nice
Pretty amusing
Yes, there are a couple in my city
Both places also share some history, since Romania was part of the Austro-Hungarian Empire
I like our [license plates for electric cars] even more
Which wasn't really helpful because sadly the way that subject was taught was very disappointing
A Austria
I'd say the [Zither] :) You might have heard the [Harry Lime theme] from The Third Man
any particular show you liked especially?
Never mind I'll find
Like I said, personally I am not especially into mushroom picking.
Is that a remnant of Austrian influence?
What do you think, are the chances for Emmanuel Macron?
Since more than a year I have been trying to find places in Austria that match those of our western neighbor
Somewhat surprising from Germany though.
Agree
> Habsburg Empire
Well I'm from Vorarlberg and I can understand most of them
In 1192, Leopold V captured Richard Lionheart (of Robin Hood fame) while he was returning from the Crusades, and kept him hostage in [Dürnstein] in the Wachau region
all by train, including the famous Transsibirian
So simple yet I can just waste time.
Pölten, Graz, Eisenstadt, Salzburg, Klagenfurt, (Lienz,) Innsbruck and Bregenz
It was a cult game back then but nowadays nobody seems to remember
I am not exactly sure about maximum prices for certain goods, but we have what is called "laesio enormis" and "Wucher" which are juridicial tools to void a contract which either means something is very overpriced or where someone is extorted or the desperation is abused
Well if you could provide us a recent, and more specific, statistic about this subject, go ahead.
You are from the USA not from AMERICA!!!
AfD however has also been losing ground so far after their initial victories.
I love the commitment to grandeur
That's Austrian (Styrian) though
Don't worry, guys
50% of its area is green area, and around the outer parts of the city you will find areas that look more like a small city with a population of a few thousand.
I know, but in the show he was from Serbia, so i guess he spoke serbian
It was part of the Austrian duchy (or duchies at times) for  a thousand years while still retaining elements that put it into the "Balkans" category - the biggest being a member of the failed Yugoslavist project
Ah, it should say "Grease"!
Something with Casinos
Calling Trentino or Alto adige southern europe sounds silly to me
Ich versteh bis heute nicht wie man als Standardsprachler ohne auskommt
> I have a bonus question: is it common in other countries to have one “kid birthday” with friends as described in this post and then another “adult birthday”/“family birthday” with family
Oh ok
Austria is a nice looking country but the politics are just dogshit, corruption everywhere
It's not placed super prominently
It creates a swing towards conservative parties as people are subconsciously influenced by their surroundings.
Hot Take: Serbo-Croatian is one language
Unfortunately, those are pretty expensive, so I would rather stay in Austria
That would have been weird
In Austria there are even political Parties who give out pepper spray as goodies.
We had plenty of snow a few days ago, getting more would be difficult to manage
It's called Semmi
And in Styria "Indianer" was common at least according to my grandma from there.
They didn't get the memo
In the first round there were 6 candidates:
well it's called iceland, not snowland
Kaiserthum Oesterreich - Austrian Empire (ca.
Endless amounts of money flowing in from these two tourist magnets
People have the power to vote all the right parties out there into the EU parliament and associated positions...if this is the will of the people, this will happen ultimately.
He suggested populism, not authenticity.
No, I actually think it's a bad style
Even though you're really, really good, natives would probably still notice that you're no native yourself
And the license plates were completely wrong as well
Yeah, but I have read somewhere that such Slovenian names (describing a place) are more common in southern Austria than in modern day Slovenia
Labor (correct translation: Arbeit)
Jo, und dann noch in der österreichischen Gastro/Hotellerie
I would tell you that it wasnt coffee but a caffeinated hot drink :P but yeah, fun error :D
Thanks for the info, but the whole process worldwide makes me roll my eyes, sorry.
&#x200B;
Damn right
Nope, the left in Germany truely is this retarded.
For example, this sub has seen Van der Bellen countless times in public transport
But the  movement, it's arguments and the science behind it would still be valid, no
_ (Just jokes we love our italian neighbors <3)
You should start
Phone/Tablet/Private PC: Opera as browser and Google as search engine.
A bit more interest and action in democratic processes would go a long way.
maybe in Hungary, but definitely not elsewhere.
You only need hydro-power etc for peaks (daily and year over) and in order to get a nice average, but for the base load you can use renewables
Also schools for Kindergarten and elementary school teachers
Having ð is like cheating
But honestly I don't care enough about the Germans to actually research it
And it always depens on the person you're talking to, if it's with an austrian then it depends on the topic, if it's about anything but Ireland/Immigrants I'm Austrian, and vice versa with an Irishman
That was one of the major reasons why I voted for him.
Czech, Slovenian, Slovakian, Hungarian are somewhat important near the respective border however they are hardly ever, if at all, taught in school and are not as prevalent as the other languages either.
Must have been a coincidence
But factually it doesn't change the "credibility", since the process which determines the ranking is unaffected.
If you can just change to the other side of the street or something like that
Time to resurrect Basil II
So countries with mixed ethnicity where quite normal back at that time and some of them like Belgium still exist to this day
However it was to popular and they couldn't do much
Fewer people will vote now so it depends on who mobilizes better.
[Like this
Though now that the village has grown bigger they had to add more springs and some of them have really low limestone values
Rosegger Waldheimat felt really like in middle of nowhere while I was there and that's not even the most  desolate part of it
Honestly, I don't know enough about the subject to give an educated opinion.
“ but otherwise nobody really talk/brags/complains about their wages
You can't really see the defenses from inside the town.
So what is it then
There's 24 *official EU languages* alone (and Catalan isn't one of them), so including all the official and unofficial minority languages it is certainly closer to 40-50
Nowadays, unless you want to work for the Basque government (i.e. govt official, health care, education, judicial system etc
Had a big BD this year too
Bavarian economy has a shit ton to do with Austria but ok m8
* Heute habe ich viele Bäume gesehen
Oof shit really happened in 2020 for us
For the Barber Shop of Herr Artner
I doubt many people even know their names (HNA, HAA).
It has, however op asked about downsides
Same here
It's our nature
Like, not even close to Germany
The questions are repetitive to make sure it does not depend too much on the phrasing and also to see if you are consistent with you answers (some don't actually answer the questionnaire they just pick the same answer over and over again)
In my opinion this could be a north sea sailor selling me the best fish in the world with extra omega-3 on TV
But as the vote was the [vote] was so overwhelming in favor and supported by all major groups it's very likely this will pass
Someone coming from the countryside can be (derogatorily) referred to as "Gscherta" (person, who's head has been sheered)
I think it’s more complicated then it seems at first
When the union's inspiration through the workers' blood shall run,
Living 3-5 years in New York as a 20-something with a good enough income could be great - Boston and Seattle would be cool too
[Here is some local folklore about it
Austrian dialects are declining
You should have your ears checked
There are also more Italian influences in Austrian German than in Standard German like Karfiol (ital
I think the original Viennese dialect sounds very much like my own dialect from Upper Austria
Just drive along the A4 towards Hungary.
But it doesn't explain why Hillary had a solid lead in literally every possible swing state, and on election day she lost them all.
pölten, BC it looks like the death star of star wars
We have the same problem with the Brenner Basistunnel
You don't even know what political standpoint I have, yet you automatically assume that cause I said I'm worried about tradition.
The rest of Austrias history it hasn't.
Vorarlberg
Old fans might disagree,though
Austria never really was a colonial power, still it was a big empire and German Austrian as well as Hungarian elites treated the other peoples of the empire (but also their own) like shit
And a Big Mac let us make
Un be fucking leavable
Both the exterior and [the interior are mind-blowing] and I believe it will be the first thing to come to mind for anybody who's visited Poland
So how would it be a problem for German retailers
My main concern is that everyone talks about sexwork, but virtually no one cares about the voice of the sex workers themselves, they have no lobby and are between conservatives and progressives alike who still think that all sex workers are basically slaves although the truth lies in the middle
One of the things the country is built on
We see this constantly in regime changes
yep, he crazy, no surprises here, move along
Denmark might be a tid bit stronger than the other two but all three are roughly in the same category of B-List countries
I'm really trying to understand what advantage a scissor has but I just cannot see how scissors are better than a sharp knife
Austria fairly good
You're not guaranteed a quiet hike, that's for sure
Take Rindsuppe: it's definitely savoury, but you wouldn't call it *pikant*.
There's also an interesting [alternative version with Latin lyrics] that I also like very much, it just sounds awesome (for a translation check out the video comment)
The official language is just Dutch
Some older condo complexes have masts that fly flags on 1st of may (Social Democrats) and on 26th of October (national holiday)
I pay less than 20 € for 30GB in Austria, can't imagine the German situation is much different
The company I work at switched from 40h/5 days to a 36h/4 day policy in March
In Austria, "rennen" is also running and my brother was once instructed by a German acquaintance to walk "laufen" somewhere and when he literally started running the dude shouted "ich hab gesagt laufen, nicht rennen
We want to get rid of some provinces, but can't.
Which I think is great
etc
There is an Austrian-Cuban- and Austrian-North Korean friendship society
Wait
> Soon afterwards, some infantry crossed the river
My kids learned it between 3 and 4, they had those pedal less bikes before I guess those helped them with the balance
Hah, in my Austrian dialect, we also say hand instead of arm and foot instead of leg sometimes
In the case of Magic booster packs have explicit use in gameplay, Draft and Sealed rely on the booster pack consept
I work in a Buschenschank and hear Mischung and Spritzer about equally as often per day, maybe Spritzer less, if not many people came around
Which also severely hurts the housing market, yes
After Conquring Egypt [Here]#Conquest_of_Alexandria_and_fall_of_Egypt) the guy says ''We have conquered Alexandria.
A few years back cinemas started selling Tortilla Chips as "Nachos" and probably since then people keep referring to them as Nachos.
In rural places not so much
I'm thinking alcohol
This only applies to lindwurms though, other dragon types might have had different reasons.
When you ask people on the street if they were to vote for the FPÖ, it's quite likely that they don't say so even though they actually do.
All of them except Nazi and Allied occupation I guess
But in the end I agree with you
I hate you
The only groups that reeeeaaaly were pissed and wanted out no matter what were the Italians and Romanians
Kopf und Schulter, Knie und Fuß, Knie und Fuß.
Unless you are walking in a remote area (like old railway tracks, disused factories) you won’t encounter any
During the Kosovo War in '99 the US interfered without UN mandate so Austria, as a neutral country, didn't allow the US Air Force to enter our airspace for bombing runs from German NATO airfields to Kosovo
And you think 5 miles a days is a big journey in Europe or what
It's all about marketing
And if two groups meet, they "fight" each other (more of body checks against each other)
Just wanted to add that speaking (some of) the local language isn't necessarily a requirement in the larger Western European cities, e.g.
They will most likely try to pressure others by raising oil prices in the region or making its export harder
Does it work for Austria
Austria won't become a province of Germany ever again.
Also people do not move that often in Europe on average
About 20 to 40 minutes by car, heavily dependant on traffic
Giving the same colour to 26%and 49% seems intentionally misleading
It looks like some wild West, shoot first, ask after behaviour and nothing how a modern Nation should behave
>So in essence if you carry an illegal firearm and use it to kill someone in self defence, you will be fined for the offence of carrying an illegal firearm, but you won't be punishment for (reasonable) use of said firearm
In real life a psychiatrist is there so you can speak freely and be helped through your struggles, but using that in a film to have the main character be able to spell out exactly how they feel, and why they feel that way seemed a bit cheap
There's normal rational and fake "rational" for the sake of arguing - guess what theorizing that tourists might be be to blame for mass sexual assault looks like.
Basically just go inside and watch the public television service, radio or nowadays the Internet
Presumed consent makes a lot more sense
Those are not offical vendors, their tickets are not for the opera
I'm an Austrian and the popularity of this meme is beyond me
Georgian–Armenian War, Hungarian–Czechoslovak War, Polish–Ukrainian War, Armenian–Azerbaijani War,  Franco-Turkish War, Lithuanian/Latvian/Estonian War of Independence, Hungarian–Romanian War, Italo-Yugoslav War, Polish–Soviet War,  Irish War of Independence, Greco-Turkish War, Polish–Lithuanian War
Without knowing the exact positions of all right wing parties in Europe, AFAIK the consensus among them is to reduce the EU to a free-trade agreement and strip it of all political and judicial competence.
Those are also common
There is just more room here
Eh, he's honestly not that bad anymore.
We don‘t have any kind of ocean bordering us
" - Not paying at a restaurant
hope you made it back home to your little farm in the mountains and the starving villagers
I always imagine if you follow the river upstream, into the hole, you'll get lost and never get out again
Tillerson comes with the recommendation of many GOP grands like Rice, Cheney, Gates and Baker though.
The catch is: That ticket is only valid for one specific day and one specific departure time.
Dunno, I'd have to ask him
I am in the USA from time to time for business, and there are a few places I could imagine living in
As if a failed state such as Libya could do anything about it.
Des san irgendwelche jugos ausm 10ten
And at the same time, if you want to do it honestly, you will drown and not be able to keep up
Medea
That would be neat, especially since the names of those ministries keep changing.
Oof, pretty bad decision in hindsight
Do we
Closed
[Thank god they didn't go with this design]
-**bike
We are only Corrupt in Ibiza
Yeah, they should have tried to unify them back when it was starting to gain traction
We do enjoy some dirty jokes, but I wouldn´t know if there was any typical Austrian humor
...actually pretty clever
I can't yodel and I've never worn our traditional costume
Or ironic statements like "This wouldn't have happened under Hitlers reign
Here, they don’t even sell these 5l water jugs like they do in Spain and Italy
Yes, it was all about losing my pregnancy weight, treating my body after a hard time or making lots of money during maternity leave
I live in Austria now and feel much more at home here
absolute cringe
You ll be out - no need (and no way) for the EU to force a member state to do something for a non member state
Finished school with the best possible grades and obtained a PhD in quantum chemistry
Hah
Music:
Yes, because I've compared it with healthcare systems all around the world.
Correct me if I‘m wrong:
Ots going to be about creating precedent and not interpreting according to strict rules.
There have always been political differences between the US and Europe; under Obama, Bush, Clinton,... But until Trump, the trustworthiness and reliability was never really in question
My mind is just not up for it on New Year's Day
Uhm, you do have a land border with Ireland and Spain (Gibraltar)
You are in the NATO + have a high level of military trained civilians, many of whom are in some sort of militia.
>"Polack" is, indeed, used as a derogatory term
I also enjoyed Apeldoorn very much for pretty much the same reasons sans the beach
what kind of ritual is this
Going to watch a movie in cinema alone
Bitte so bald wie möglich zur Wahl antreten <3
The second tallest is around 75m tall AFAIK
And if you are happy with that (which you apparently are) then I don’t see the problem
Not very surprising, these things are constructed to enable as many people as possible to hit the target as well as possible.
Austria was a christian fascist country before Hitler invaded
I’m not sure how ‘brave’ Michael actually was, as only two days later after his glorious unification, the Ottomans were already marching again through Bucharest
The blue one with 12 golden stars, whose flag is it again?
Grüß Gott (Greet God) isn't very present outside of the Bavarian dialect group so often outsiders will joke back and say 'I didn't know we where this high yet' as you'd need to be in heaven to greet god
Lashing out and insulting everyone is not having a spine, it's being childish.
Though I would agree that this is not the majority, of course.
Don't worry, Hongkongers usually mistake us for Australians...
On one hand there is Europe growing ever closer together, on the other hand you have the Anglosphere and the remnants of the Commonwealth.
(or at least in Hannover, which I would consider an area with a very strong "Hochdeutsch")
Ödenburg (Sopron)
I comprised myself one including 1984, Fahrenheit 451, Brave New World and wrote my final essay on SciFi dystopias
Let's give it time
Its so confusing
I couldn't imagine living in the city without a bicycle
Yay the place of my ancestors
I usually mix up what I've learned to be the "Ostblock" - basically everything east of the iron curtain - and actual Eastern Europe
He totally did Nazi that coming, amirite?
Yeah i have literally never heard Truthuhn in my life before.
You can hike in and around Innsbruck too.
I was thinking for quite a while but i couldt figure it out thanks
idk if it counts as official but during one of the debates from the 2016 austrian presidental elections all candidates were asked to answer a question about some EU issue in english and [the rest is history]
The word is "aurochs", not "auroch".
anyway
Only difference: in Germany they put mushroom sauce over top ;)
> because it can be confused with Romania or Rome
But then again that’s what many German must think about Austrian dialects as well
Wish you best of luck in pursuing a planning career
Sorry for the wall of text
Still miles away from actually being a european country imho
On the other hand the guy is little more than background noise.
The Grimaldis are the ruling family of Monaco
And gramatically, you're still in for one hell of a ride.
It is also using wrong numbers.
One more thing I want to add is "sich ausgehen", which is a super practical expression with the meaning of "to suffice". It's not used (sometimes not even understood) in Germany, and while it wouldn't get me in a tight situation, I often struggle trying to replace it with other words because it's so common here, for anything from resources ("der Einkauf geht sich mit einem Zehner aus" - our shopping will be below 10 euros), to space ("geht sich das im Kofferraum aus" - will that fit in the trunk), to time ("der frührere Zug geht sich aus" - we'll make the earlier train)
Andreas Hofer is popular in West Austria for his resistance against Bavaria and Napolean
Then there's also /r/German, which is about learning the German language.
I'm rather sure it's not the case here but maybe somewhere else, where there are virtually no deaths caused by other animals :D
Because they didn't properly release and market them towards the west
I'm glad of that, tbh
same reason why a lot of other countries use those special characters.
well played
In Austria it's 20% just like Vat plus 10€ customs fee.
Just trying to blame others again.
it also drives them into the underground and makes them harder to find.
Can confirm, our diaspora is a whole lot different compared to that of Western Austria
Not in Germany
quick question: spaghetti, break them once in the middle or leave them long
How is this contributing to your point
That's what everyone is doing
Wiedenholzer | SPÖ | 4 | **pro**
well they were the coolest lessons in school, e.g.
I guess the question was kinda aimed at why the Greens have a connection with Loew or something like that.
European unity is a good concept in principle, but the same doesn't apply to imperialist powers of the past who tried to push the perceived supremacy of their culture and language on the people they subjugated
any work email address using your company's domain name, for example
Which will translate in reluctance for an intervention, which could be counter-productive.
No they would be called expats because as they are glorious British they obviously aren't dirty migrants of any sort.
Easy as that
The difference between palace and castle is often not very clear cut, since many old castles (in the sense of miliarty fortifications), later were trasnformed into palaces
Craft beer is
And as an Eastern Austrian I don't even see myself as a part of Alpine Central Europe either ¯\\_(ツ)\_/¯
>Europe has repeatedly been broken down into major regions where physical/geographical and often national and political criteria and considerations have figured prominently including human geography
Never seen huge things like that
If you have two weeks, you could try something like travelling from North to South - i.e.
How often have you been to the peak of a mountain
They even have this weird white clown with the black mask and the guitar sitting on a counter
Thanks to Hungary for more great food and also an awesome captial city and awesome language
So they said they didn't want to have germans shoot germans
Visit Lichtenstein and Monaco every so often and would have no qualms living in either if I weren't very content where I am at present down under in Australia.
Haha sure, just wanted to exaggerate
High middle ages, 1100-1200 type time period
Ever been to Munich in the last decades lol
That we don't have kangaroos
I didn't knew it but appearently it has something to do with the Wild Hunt
Totally understand, didn't know that that fucked up neoliberalism hit Scotland so much harder than the rest of UK
The goverment allowed to build it, THEN they made a referendum if the people actually want nuclear power, people said no
Depending on the situation, you likely don't walk in at all if your demands are absurd to begin with.
>many internal standards and regulations were changed to follow EU instead of Russia
Last time I looked into it it comes from a hack of saving payroll taxes.
I would quite enjoy living nearby the sea, even if it means flooding Slovenia ;)
Yes do this but please give back south tyrol first
I am Austrian and I've never heard or read anything about Atheist's here in the news or in general.
This is a sub to ask Europeans about their stance on various topics.
This will be quite expensive since car rentals charge extra if you cross borders.
It was planned to send the little that was left over from it back to England so Leopold didn't get excommunicated but the english people sent to pick it up refused to take it for fear of getting robbed on the way home
Fucking love Pink lady
Ich sehe fast nur automatisch sperrende Türen bei Neubauten
November 12th 1918, the proclamation of the 1st Republic in front of the Parliament in Vienna
Austrian movies are vere "special", some are very artsy and others are very direct, but most of it have this special "way to see things" you see hardly outside Austria and if you don't "get it" you won't enjoy them.
" whilst not doing much themselves) as a signal that you really don't appreciate the current situation
I'm wondering if we've been to the same Italy
We had much worse after the financial crisis, the pound dropped from $2 to the pound to just under $1.50 and inflation rose to something like 4.5% for a period.
tonkatsu ≠ schnitzel
guys wtf is happening, it has almost 40° in austria
Although, at has been said already, many prefer to watch/play in English if they are proficient enough.
Of course, nationalism, irredentism and pan-whatever-ism were all the rage in the 19th century
That's incredible
What I actually wanted to ask was why do you, and apparently several others speak German
As an upper-austrian living in Vienna I can absolutely confirm the language parts of upper austria and Vienna
We have Yin, Yang and Wurscht
Why are there two Norwegian languages anyway?
Last-minute opera tickets are available at the ticket office *in* the opera house at the left side entrance (you'll have to wait in line on time), and are quite cheap, other concert tickets at official vendors, usually at the respective houses, NEVER in the street
Most german military and civilian industries were still intact towards the end of the war
Yes, and the most I know is someone with 6 middle names
I bin a wunderschener Schmetterling is among those sentences burned into my brain
But it is often put into this category.
The negotiations took very long, which led to Schuschnigg becoming very nervous because he wanted to smoke, while Hitler stayed calm, and actually had factored that in
[I think you meant this image
And in my opinion a socialist country is just not sustainable anymore
It is more about having one day they can spend with their family
As an ex-pat American long married to an ex-Warsaw pact citizen, I've long gotten over my childhood US propaganda and can take simple joy in this anniversary of something great for humanity
I think Portemonnaie is in the German vocabulary/dictionary
But the melody alone was very catchy so it became a hit in all of Austria
Geil
I give a fuck about the UK tbh, don't even bother with downvoting anymore.
And after that, the obvious confusion with Australia
That's a problem then
;-)
Another example from [Matthäus-Passion] (J. S. Bach) as used in Wolf Haas' "Komm, süßer Tod" (sorry, couldn't resist) as "o" is often used in an ecclesiastical context
Coming back to the topic at hand, you can spot *the* native German speakers, but also some *the* Romance-language speakers, by the exact opposite thing, namely *the* overusage of *the* articles, and using *the* articles in places they're not necessary
"Hey guys, don't return 1 and 2 cent pieces, just round to the nearest 5
With all its flaws it still made me, me
Especially the part about giving money appearing to be the "easy way out" and not being particularly personal.
I just said maybe one slavic language because, unless you‘re in/from a slavic country, not that many people speak slavic languages, or at least that‘s what I think/notice
I'd love to see a second vote just because I want to see how the pro-brexit guys wanna make people believe it is a good thing this time
Neos: left liberal party
Germany
Is the US even old enough to drink beer yet
The most successful woman was the American Lindsey Vonn with 82 wins
Also the "win" of Holstein can barely be described as such as the land only became independent as rebellious dukes switched to Sweden in the first place
can't wait
>It doesn't seem to be as common as in surrounding countries thankfully
Oh, and you can use the mail department for receiving personal packages although they are telling you they won't accept the 85" TV you ordered off Amazon (but from experience of a colleague they're fine with ~50" TVs
All over Austria there are things called "Erdstall", for which there is no translation apparently
There are many people who act like famouse people of the past.
It just sucks that it's so expensive to live there and not even the higher salaries compensate for that
The name Österreich (German word for Austria for those who don't know) came from "Ostarrichi" and was first mentioned like a millennium ago
I can never imagine only being in my shoes at home
McDonald's is often called Mäckie (with the ä being pronounced as 'ae' in 'health'); or as some of my friends sometimes call it lovingly, Mäckl Bekl (derogatory).
Also, when I read your post title, I thought it was the parking lot somehow wandering about :D
Austrian direct democratic issues
Fun fact: the opening scene of *Gladiator* is supposedly set close to Vindobona
Bis Wien mit dem Mezzanin daherkommt
I think it's definitely better than going full presidential
I assume he has seen the sea (he lives literally 15 car minutes from the coast), but I wouldn't even be surprised if he hasn't. With his almost 90 years he still has over 30 sheep that he looks after and he leads them onto their pastures high in the mountains
Oh, Kekse
The broken chains were added after WWII and signify overcoming fascism
I can get a flight from Vienna to Amsterdam and back for <100€. The whole thing takes ~6 hours if you account for getting to the airport, security, the actual flight, then getting out of the plane and going from the airport into the City
It got so bad that London's poor were always drunk
More like „the usual table“.
German is a pluricentric language with a couple of equal standard languages and many dialects.
America is a double continent, while Americans is generally used for Citizens of the United States.
Having said this, never heard a German native talk Austrian German without an accent either
The green letters look great together with the red stripes
I mean the Balkans seriously seem like a free for all
Am dam des ran for 3986 episodes
I can only guess as to why, but suspect it's because we culturally put the responsibility of reading a situation correctly/getting social cues/just generally knowing stuff more on the learner, and not as much on the teacher
Mission: bsoffane gschicht (drunken story)
If you buy the book, you'll find an easily understandable 3-line description there
There are many reasons, like losing your above poverty status as police officer, revenge of the regime, death or jail , revenge on your family
and Munich
Any reason why it would specifically be Bulgaria and Greece
That's what I'm doing currently, but I still haven't figured out how to not receive the spam newsletter
The Spanish Republicans are close to my heart
The first few times I did felt strange, but now, well, before the whole pandamic shit went down, I almost all the time go solo
Yes, I consider myself informed now!
Essentially it's the one from 1920.
They decided to go out one day in the city and asked about shady placed to avoid at night, so they dont get into trouble or robbed
it's fascinating that people live in places like that
Schottenkirche, Schottenbastei and Schottengymnasium.
In 1990 Austrian Potato farmers were afraid
Sounds kind of like _huh
In case someone is curious, the worst thing is to put sauce on your schnitzel
In Austria, it's an "Ausschankverbot". Basically, adults are not allowed to give alcohol to people under the drinking age
Welsh is compulsory in English medium schools and English is compulsory in Welsh medium schools (although the standard of Welsh in English medium schools is lower than the standard of English at Welsh medium schools)
3) Add semolina, yolk, melted butter, flour and salt and mix throughly until a soft, smooth dough forms
Luxemburg = money
yeah because those 2 conflicts are literally the same.
Yes, we all know, we would have been considered as such 100 years ago, but it is in fact not 100 years ago
Everyone mocks him but i don't  think many people truly hate him
If they have to touch the doors to the gas chambers
The melody that Germany stole is much better
that discussion is still unthinkable down in the Catholic south (we have a similar costume on Jan 6th), and I'm honestly glad, because I think it's mostly based on painfully ethnocentrically ignoring the context, and on forcefully implanting a discourse into a surrounding where it makes no sense
And it is the same in other language
Yeah, but that's also kind of cheating
Dear readers: Cooking and experimenting with new reipes and types of food is a very common thing among women and men in Austria (equally in my experience), enjoyed by many, countryfolk and city folk alike
Wous
I'm not sure but I think we have a breakdown of communication here.
Everyone mocks him but i don't  think many people truly hate him
Oh yeah, I totally not thought of Schartner Bombe even it was a favourite of mine as child
I'm conservative enough to not like this one bit, but I think it's in the cards
A very very large part of our Austrian kitchen language comes from Bohemia
Relocating the Environmental Office to Klosterneuburg was one of the most obvious "lets do some stupid shit that makes our promise technically true" that I have ever seen
don't know about *great*, but definitely catchy: [Seiler & Speer - Ham kummst]
My impression is that a lot of Americans view it as us not having freedom of speech and like it is just another form of oppression
It's released by "Münze Österreich" who make all kinds of beautiful coins.
Like how trains go directly from Vienna to Slovakia, but I highly doubt that there are trains going from any Austrian city to eg Norway without having to switch trains at least once
Well, not me
Here's a super intersting interview in German
So no we know how carrying the burden does NOT look for you
Kirchberg am Wechsel
They always call the president of the Austrian Skiing Association by his honorary title on television: Herr Professor.
He took off his scabbard and you could see a white line
I wouldn‘t mind living in Switzerland tho
Yes, but that will usually take significant longer
One of the most beautiful is for sure the [Semmeringbahn]
For example Vienna has 27% foreigners while for the country as a whole it's half that.
Did you read the thread title
[Except for a significant amendment in 1929] which significantly weakened the role of the parliament
It comes from Old High German ['Ostarrîchi']  \- which literally means Eastern Realm
Grüße aus der Nachbarschaft (Oberösterreich)
", but now I like it much better than Julian
Or is that a contentious topic as well
"The Battle for the Fastest Butt!!!!"
German speakers are easy to identify and once you switch to German you can easily tell which country they're from
What makes this truly unique tho is the fact that Vienna, Austria's capital, is actually pretty close to the border as well
We could do without one going forward.
It's not, the 11th of November is St.
In Austrian German you can replace "bitte" with "schnell" pretty often without sounding rude
Tells you who's behind the whole thing
First time I heard of this song
Every time I complain about that to my friends or family most of them tell me it‘s not that bad but ffs it just ain‘t the way we speak here
Russian plates always are a bad omen
I get where you're coming from (though I disagree about the "decades" part) but from what I learned in school "evolution" takes much longer to take effect.
All the polls said Hillary and no Brexit.
There is a common saying, "Wien ist anders", which is used most of the time to swipe away how absurd Vienna actually is
I have to have a Mohnflesserl with Käseleberkäse every couple of weeks
If he's as smart as his foreign policy plan appears, then he'll stay veeery close to europe
Dude, if that Copyright reform goes through I'm also against the EU, but on the other hand I know enough history to know that next to the USA, Russia, Saudi Arabia, and China it's really important to have some close friends, or we'll all learn Chinese, or Russian characters in our schools by the end of the next decade
In media it's generally fairly dark and absurd but played straight
Also the government, the chancellor and his cabinet(*), stepped down after the first round and that absorbed a lot of anger and over the summer the new government didn't mess things too much up.
I hate that stuff with a passion
And it looks like Van der Bellen was better at this
~~ Since we crossed the border, I think if you wanna be nitpicky we technically invaded
Although that would make him look like a Tiefling, which would make him look cool again
I guarantee you, almost all Germans know how much German sucks as a language and will understand that you may have problems learning it
The latter, because that's how throughput works
Interesting to know that in Germany it‘s only white wine tho
Exception: *Die Räuber*. We read that out loud, but "in character", I had the role of Spiegelberg
And if Germans ask me to pronounce Oachkatzlschwoaf (Squirreltail - Eichhörnchenschweif) I ask them how they would pronounce it first
And yes some words will be used incorrectly or change their meaning
Saying "I am x" is not fine, because it will be understood as "I have x nationality".
It differs I’d say
But not the other way round
People from northern and central Germany probably just see me as a peasant if I'd talk in dialect with them, as they won't understand anything
I can't be bothered to make it at home, and there's usually something else I'll rather get when going to a restaurant
we have to do this shit, otherwise whack jobs from around the world would use braunau to act out their fantasies.
63 for women
Any movie-plot that requires an in-country coast line
But what I truely hate is snow-melting-snow-melting if it is too warm during the day and you end up with snowslush and salt-dirt mixture every other day
Why would you fund something as ridiculous as this.
ok you got me
It basicly doesn't matter anymore since it is itrelevant after so many generation which tribes someone descent from but since austria loves to show how different they are from north germany we know little things like this
But in 36 years of living near Vienna and 8 years of working and driving in Vienna no fully clothed woman beside Kärtner shopping street and Opera and Ďöbling.
No that would be hostility - as the UK would interfere in the internal politics of another country - the same as if Spain would help Scotland to gain independence for example (which it doesn’t do)
Granted, anybody could fall for his trap, Austrians just like Germans, but Germans fell for it first
Especially here in Northern Austria.
But I had to assemble it at home as it came in parts
And other than that, I just like (Austrian-)German itself because you can always make up new words by just taking other words and sticking them together
Or an would just stand on the sidelines until everyone is  beaten by putin and then pull out a glock and shoot him
you are the one who speaks the unspeakable language in this sub and I, as a moderator added you to the watchlist!
Where I live everybody says email and not mail
But the US kinda lost their favourable image and sometimes you have to break the stereotype and specify that you do know how to use your inside-voice indoors, that you don't think it's a good idea to arm teachers, that you can actually find your current location on a globe and that Arnold Schwarzenegger was in fact the greatest action movie actor of the 80s ;)
If for example you separated by tectonic plates, Eurasia would be one but India is a separate one
Which tells you why it's all middle aged guys haha
[Eugen Freund (MP from Austria) was so cringeworthy he was mentioned in Last Week Tonight]
No matter their sex or social standing
I rather comment than vote, especially on random questions.
Also dont forget the huge population shuffle as a result of WW2 and the deportations/resettlements
Abgesehen davon, dass es keinen Sinn machen würde als nicht Liechtensteiner dort zu leben
My favorite one is "Asterix in Britain".
Kirchberg am Wechsel
Love Milk
Its ridiculous
When he returned home he had just 46kg despite being 1,90 tall and his kids didn’t know him
You don't speak English and Greek
Almdudler is Austria's national soft drink
Just seems to discriminate poor people, without any real gain
Yes maybe not all right wing politicians are like this, but in the last years we see a rise of these politicians and their supporters
Getreu dem Motto: Okay, diese Seite scheint Europäer zu haben ... In Europa (natürlich besonders auf den britischen Inseln) wird diese schlechte Sprache als europäisch gesprochen ... aber irgendwie kann ich immer noch verstehen, was sie schreiben
I just could not live there, I'm not made for any city
So very different from people like Oettinger and the Agriculture guy, I guess that's why shit like the Monsanto story still happen
we had proper sex ed in school of course, but back then (90ies on the countryside) it was kinda lame
I got that
To adress a waiter "Fräulein" is oldfahioned but somewhat ok, if you use it by itself, but don't combine it with the name "Fräulein Mayer".
For an invention from the "current austrian territory", I think I'd choose the Kaplan-Turbine, which is frequently used in hydropower plants
"because the water would dilute the stomach juices", according to my grandma
After the crisis
I found that too, driving through it was plenty enough
Agur
Austria has 8.7 million people at the moment.
Every time I complain about that to my friends or family most of them tell me it‘s not that bad but ffs it just ain‘t the way we speak here
Most doctors are contracted and you only wipe the e-card.
Religious group of ca
Arrested
Germans - Saupreißn
There are still a lot of artifacts and old buildings (in the ground of course)
" Then I went to the UK and got greeted with an *Oi, move outta way cunt
WELL, u did allied with stalin
Sweden Would be the guy that has a long lasting hatred for his neighbor (Denmark) that no one seems to understand
> Good morning is almost like saying "this is a good morning to spend with you," unless it's just a one off thing and then it's naturally "I wish you a good morning
That MP is the wife of Mr
Agreed, there's a lot of work to be done.
Becker | ÖVP | 343 | **pro**
What's indicative of the alternate reality
Since any candidate is guarnateed to be not as far right as her they have a lot more potential to take in voters from the rest of the spectrum than her.
WE DID IT, WE HAVE THE OLDEST IN EUROPE
I also find it a much better place to raise a family (I have a kid and another on the way) which is why I plan to stay here for a while
Edit: in Austria, "ausrasten" means to relax, in Germany, "ausrasten" means to loose your shit over something
> It refers to the dialects spoken in Flanders
or "Hintertupfing", but I dont know the origin of this expression
I had always assumed "The Russians are coming" was a Cold War related joke
Dear Germans, you can't save the whole world.
&#x200B;
What are their hobbies and interests
I made elder flower gin just the other week, it's lovely with some orange
Nothing in Vienna's 19th district (which Grinzing is a small part of) is cheap
or if they are clearly germans it is usually just Hallo (hello), because they look a bit confused when saying one of the above versions
The Irish, Finns, Georgians, Ukrainians and many more were essentially forced to fight in a war for nations that were suppressing them and actively tried to eradicate their culture against nations that may have given them independence
i don't have the numbers - and they may vary a lot for different regions - but it's possible for some regions
Right
we could agree on that Tyrol and Vorarlberg has a very different sounding accent to rest of Austria
And even though there are local sights like some old castle or maybe a farmer's market, there's hardly any attractions with the sole purpose of attracting passers-through
Well
Also in Austria you can share insurance for multiple cars
Yeah they are in vastly different fields.
Can't we just switch it to "i am from austria" or some new version of the emperor-anthem (after we sued germany for stealing it of course)
I was a convinced socialist 10 years ago, but then I have studied the realities of those governments and where they have failed
Bring money but leave us our universities.
Bruckfleisch
I have not heard from anyone here yet what they should do instead.
If today's borders are applied when looking at the population in 1600, etc
:-D
It is one of those things, that if someone ever tells you the ‘Allies were the good guys’ or something, that in reply, you should tell them to fuck themselves
nerdy question, but given Cristiano Ronaldo's last names which are dos Santos and Aveiro, could you pinpoint him from that as being from madeira
I would say skiing is definitely the biggest reasin, but there are other sports as well
That's a good one
He wasn't insane in any clinical sense
>1) why did they google my name
ACAB, Austrian Cities Are Beautiful
Stephen's cathedral, Schönbrunn castle, and some more
I moved to an apartment, and no one ever locked doors except for when nobody was home
Well there may be some truth to that: [
Palmbuschen are those things you make during Easter where you combine Palmkätzchen and 6 other kinds of twigs
The most successful woman was the American Lindsey Vonn with 82 wins
I'd be willing to try hot chocolate with cheese
We call it Sulz south of the border.
The city isn't breathtaking tbh (just like any other Silesian city), but it's quite a big one that everybody around here knows, because it's closer than Katowice and has almost as many shopping centres
Only in recent years i’ve seen educated people proudly sticking to their own accents, but this is yet to be mirrored in the media
* Group B: Denmark, Finland, Belgium, Russia
What I've noticed is that the more reserved a country generally is, the more ballistic people go when drunk
(The prejudice goes, that high-German-speakers think of themselves as more civilized in a way)
Blocking dual citizenship is just not that easy to do, Austria tries it but for example people of Turkish origin still get a Turkish citizenship at their consulate, and you just can't prevent that.
He also explains in detail how his party gets funding without the court of auditors knowing about it
[Website] of his tour, including a [live tracking page]
So far non one has called for an invasion of the UK or an embargo - it’s basically back to status quo ante
For more information, please visit r/aeiou or [Wikipedia] The short stoy is, anything before the first world war
What is occasionally grey is the manner of annexation
Next step: stop people from getting sued for memes
as Russia
Well, I didn't want to join the army either, but I was forced to.
He jumped off and took them back
I feel culturally much closer to Slovenes and Italians than Northern Germans
[I think you meant this image
the
- Mozambique
The president doesn't stop him
History classes as a whole should move away from "national" and great man history with battles, high politics and the like and focus also on technological and societal history
Yours is also a 403
It's just a matter of practice I guess
I prefer the heat from these to the central heating
> If it is a large city they sometimes may mention only that
The CDU is nothing like PiS
Yeah
Habsburg spy Melania is doing great.
Yes, it's a grandparent's game here as well
If people ask me if I am religious and my answer is no, they immediatly want me to clarify if I just don't believe in the church or generally in no god
It's really fuckin hard to avoid the shitshow of epic proportions that every US election is
Actually, "Pariser" only is another name for Extrawurst here, too
There were multiple plans for that before WW1, support by the heir to the empire, no less
"...aber, Pronto
Of course other products of the company are available for way cheaper as employee
And it would be in Austria and not Australia
I still remember sitting in front of the TV with my Grandma, watching videos on the News of entire Helicopter squads flying over that border, on the ground tank divisions coming right at the camera
However, if I e.g. have to pronounce a brand name out of nowhere I might have an accent for a short period of time and I hate that one
That many million people cities have a lot in common is completly ignored
So for myself i know that my eggs need 4min10 to be exactly the way I like them from the point where they cook like the way they did when I first made them
Once upon a time there was a big fight if cigarettes should be sold at Aldi - the company split over that decision, Nord carries cigarettes, Süd doesn't.
- "Schwabo" means "Swabian" in Bosnian/Croatian/Montenegrin/Serbian and is a common expression for "German-speaker" among people from the ex-Yugoslavian countries
Yeah, reality isn't a Disney land
No, those are just oldfashioned german names, not considered to be "nazi parants choice".
Two pens
- I like beer, but sometimes also like wine
In Vienna, if correcting a neighbor's behavior absolutely *has* to be verbal, then it at least needs to be yelled out of an open window or down from a balcony
i made the same observation - should we call it the "hunger games syndrome"?
(You can get a flair on the right; also your username definitely checks out)
It's strange as it couldn't be more Austrian but as somebody from an area close to Salzburg I would say that Vienna feels foreign, at least for me
It's "Blinker" in German as well
but i'm sure the kremlins disinformation campaign that was led by thousands of paid trolls had an impact.
I do lament, however, the loss of the words "hither" and "thither" which are not only fun to say but convey meaningful information that we have to now express in two words "over here", "over there".
My mom taught me that one
anyway {adv}
Then they should become citizens
But the mining was mostly in the north of Austria, Salzburg
Translation: You're probably right
It's about the commen denominator in the structure of faces
This is the Streetview coverage of that area, France is to the West, Switzerland to the South:
Not only is his music shit, he's also a racist asshole
That's done by levying heavy fines
Did you mean Australia
Viennese leave the impression of not being in touch with the rest of Austria and people complain about decisions being made "by Vienna", referring to the head of politics
Well, a viral marketing group tried to stage someone stealing the top of the Zugspitze a few years back:
What's globalist about it anyways?
It's not like even a quarantine means they will shut off your water or electricity or internet
It's something, some beggars do here as well
Alternativly most offer delivery
With a population of 400 or so I don‘t think many Austrians even know it‘s a city
Both had rifles in their hand
Schleswig-Holstein was a decent province if you actually had full control over it, but it was largely ruled by nobility and the king had limited influence until he was able to secure leadership after several bloody internal wars
Food in Austria only 1,5 out of 10?
The stereotypical one
I usually wear fresh socks except in summer.
It's not all that famous though compared to Glühwein
they're less likely to admit who they vote for, but more likely to actually do it.
I had 2 parents stay once for my kid's party
When they saw the party going on, the infantrymen demanded alcohol for themselves
Cold: below 5
small budget: usually no importantvoice acting -> ger
Please continue to pay our membership fees
Category C, D are unregulated, you just need to be over 18 and without a criminal record
Led by Dollfuß.
TIL sweden has hollywood stars, a king and spotify
&#x200B;
Though, they do stick out because of their sleek design
Some have pretty good ties to South American countries.
I remember one german co-worker being very annoyed because the baker he went to was talking English to them all the time
'" ("Are you stupid or what
At least you guys have Kofola and superior drug laws :D
I once had a side job on one of those archeological digs on a construction site right in the middle of town
It comes from geben/give
A lot of productions that are comedic or at least have a comedic side are so precisely because of a lack of focus on the comedy
Viennese beer (Ottakringer) is utter shite tho haha
Beidl
I guess you would survive somehow but don't expect too much because especially older people can't speak it at all.
Pforzheim - fart home
Peace in NI is based on the Good Friday Agreement, as far as I know
Zechner wasn't chosen because shes's a woman but because she was closer to the SPÖ party
In the series finale Marie Antoinette is beheaded.
- I code-switch a lot between a deep Upper Austrian dialect, Viennese, Austrian Standard German and anything in between
The Brenner films (2000-?)
Kaiserschmarrn and Topfenstrudel are great
com)
To be fair you ended that experiment a little early o the results are hardly conclusive.
But if not, good luck
This might be a thing at my school specifically, but some teachers just read entire pages of books and working sheets to their students
The word 'awe' would resemble the å sound very well in english, in my opinion.
Terminology is just loaded and there is no good equivalent to e.G.
"umfahren" is the opposite of "umfahren"
And I am not a lucky person, I am a average person with average experiences
I really like his license plate design
- Ironically you can prevent this sickness with a "Pariser" (Parisian), i.e. a Condom
¡Que viven los gabachos
Then, we suddenly were in a tunnel, in our military vehicle, in full gear, rifle in hand INLCUDING BLANKS
Also sucks for your rental, usually you have to account for the damage
Haha yes I know them
Don't have to go far to get a different experience honestly; even here (which I would argue is a place that in general is quite "smiliar culturally" to yours up North) things work differently
Sweden: i couldn't afford to furnish my home if it wasn't for you guys
Do you have a non-HDR version that doesn't look so depressing?
Fuck, that looks terrible
But I guess this time around there will be zero tolerance since they can't afford it politically.
A fluffy yeasty dough filled with "[Powidlmarmelade] plum jam
Milka is German, as a kid I thought it is Austrian
I haven't been a teenager for the better part of two decades but, again, what
The only thing they do is to give then working material for the next weeks and then the school is closed for everyone
They're referring to a sauce covering the schnitzel
If you look around this comment section, you are far from the only one who is planning to boycott it
Western Europe is subsumed under the concept of former colonial powers and territories that are orientated towards the Atlantic and sustainably impacted by the Reformation with an early urban structure and early beginnings of industrialisation
What you could do is to get a Eurail pass (if you are british, you can buy the cheaper Interrail pass) , that is good for using nearly all trains on a certain amount of days within a certain period of time.
BOW TO ME, PUNY WATERS
As an Austrian I'll laugh as long as I still can
Moving back to Austria now but will continue using QERTY
Of course then, despite how you feel about your current politics you fight tooth and nail to prove that America has the best dried cookies, or whatever
Stimmt
Oh, yeah makes sense\^\^'
oh, ein Oberösterreicher
For ancient history we tend to use Greek/Latin names for rulers that are now more commonly called by their names in their own languages
I think you're talking about two different things here - OP wasn't asking about an assessment of the future *performance* of an index, but about the future *risk/volitality* of an index.
> As the hussars fled through the camps, a corps commander, General of Artillery Colloredo, thought that it was a cavalry charge by the Ottoman army and ordered artillery fire
Same
Scotland definitly has seen better times but the Austrian team has had them too
It lost like a quarter of it's population in WW1
For those not in the know:
[Here's the trailer]
Bullshit nationalists are seriously threatening that peace by adding fuel to the fire wherever they can.
If you aren't a member of a religious denomination you don't have to pay
> I nominate Switzerland
Even before toasting it
Coming from the Czech Republic...
Sometimes those were even politicized as "foreign" (Slovenian in Carinthia - "Ortstafelstreit"), even though those ethnicities/language groups lived there since hundreds of years and even have a constitutional right to be treated just like German
seen many panic buying over the last few weeks
Wouldn't it also be the most Belgian thing if they fail to name someone to be the spokesperson of the group and keep on reelecting and yet just don't find someone to do the job
You might like this sub:
" making fun of neo-nazis and it's pretty much the same thing
Google Maps
People bought Donuts but nothing else.
I think he is talking about cross country skiing (Langlaufen)
That idea I *do* like
Rather Kurz getting into the EU commission in 10-15 years and deploying heavy military forces to the Turkish border because of climate refugees
fuck how I hate this needless forced banter
10 EUR = 2 days public transport ticket in Vienna
Over here, eating dinner before 18:00 is only done if you're in a hospital or below 5 years old
idk if it counts as official but during one of the debates from the 2016 austrian presidental elections all candidates were asked to answer a question about some EU issue in english and [the rest is history]
Take Linz
Why would I leave
Where is Koln
Yas
He probably didn't, but half of Austria did in Celebration of the government collapsing
Thanks to Slovakia for having your captial city being so close to Vienna and being so easy to visit and hang out in
It looks much better than the Dutch flag
Some do some don‘t. I don't think many people care alot about him
the country names go in alphabetical order from North to South (works in English and German), and for the capitals, the first one has two weird double consonants like the Estonian language uses, and the other two are in alphabetical order again
Malzbier is often non alcoholic and I've seen it rarely outside of German speaking countries
[Pallas Athene guards our parliament] - though the statue is not a replica of a particlular ancient greek statue afaik
And that should result in a direct abatement of their status as refugees without any ordinary legal remedies.
From the top of my head:
The whole discussion in this thread isn't as much about geography as it is about politics and culture
I've created a page that has basic financial advice on the wiki: [Basics] It's based on the [commontopics] page from r/personalfinance.
Serious question: Did an Austrian steal your girlfriend or what did we do to you?
(mal eine andere Art der "Deine Mudda" Konversationen im Internet)
Feeling sorry for our neighbors on the other hand
It consists of all the scientific facts that didn't fit in "Der Schwarm", very well written too
Didn't Nils Holgerson live there
Isn’t this exactly what they wanted
I think nowadays it's more common that kids have those training bikes were they don't have to use pedals yet, but can learn how to hold the balance
I'm scared to ask how long it took
Private Kyle
I was going to say the same thing
I used to work as a server at events, anything from weddings, business events, expos, anything really
Kudos to Ireland for having a saner taxation policy than most countries.
Absolute legend
We definitely count that one for our most disgraceful too
Public transport and petrol are the two things
I just want the election to be finally over.
In the sense that you could smoke it next to the police and they wouldn't care
Rural areas, while sometimes poorer and less developed, are never *that* far off from civilization, what we see as "out in the sticks" is always at most one or two hours by car from the state capital
), youth organizations
Complain about Americans and their idiotic concept of brewing tea.
I mean it's basically our fault because they are catered to us, but the border region is filled with cheap brothel's and street prostitutes
Banning the guns won't stop the massacres
Pölten further downstream up until Fischamend
thanks for posting
just import it, domestic plum spirits are called zwetschgenbrand
And can you imagine how surreal it is for us now
Million - Milliarde - Billion - Billiarde
He was actually not wrong
In short, saying "I have x heritage" is fine
At some point in history, it was meant to become a Slavic corridor between northern and southern slavs
I can still recite the first stanza
yeah but because L2-speakers always try to overcompensate and don't care to take the same shortcuts that a native would
Bussi :D
A lot of countries don't have a system of dual education and in some you get a Bachelor (counting as tertiary) for a job that is only availabe via Apprenticeship (secondary) here
I guess just the typical ones
Objective 4: bring the video to safety
In Krege's translation that is not the case, direct interaction are much more lively and nuanced
I loved Calm after the storm
It just sucks that it's so expensive to live there and not even the higher salaries compensate for that
Not even by Germans from what I've witnessed, nobody i have ever met naturally pronounces words the perfectly right intended standard way, even if some of them try very hard
You have to complete this
It's not as prevalent here, people are more connected to their hometowns and families, and most people stay in one place, especially when they have kids (there's always exceptions of course)
"Das ist mir Powidl
It has has pretty fucked up parts:
I was to Klagenfurt a few years ago and it was really nice
CUIDADO EL CABALLO BLANCO
I may not be an expert but i don’t think vienna was in fucking france
Again - Irland is Part of the EU, France is Part of the EU, as such France is interested in a positive outcome of Brexit for Ireland
Turned out you have to be at least 18 in most other countries
Austrian German speakers tend to replace it with "d" rather than "s"
&#x200B;
From Vienna for example I would say the limit for trains is about Belgium in one trip
We also have with *Wolfram* one of the biggest producers of the element wolfram/tungsten
Nein, ich bin firmly Team salzlos
Its a bit reductive and misleading imo but so are most regional definitions
Something a bit more unknown would be great
The countries that once comprised the Austria-Hungarian empire but wanted to secede, fell under communist rule and only got up to western standard in the last 20-25 years.
half a cup (or a small cup) of rice plus two cups of water) unless I really want to cook a very specific amount of rice.
Also, the city borders of Vienna are markers as well: people don't greet each other inside the city (yes, we have hills and nature inside our capital), but do greet as soon as you are outside the city limits
Living in a city flat, the door locks automatically, I only lock it with my keys when going out
alternatively, give me GTA5, but situated in Vienna
Explanation:
Direct flight to FRA and MUC is impossible to pay for.
Maybe not in 20 or 30 years
Sounds like a pretty standard Green voter to me, maybe except for the anti abortion stance, depending on how "frowned upon" looks in reality.
Otherwise there simply are not separatist movements
Actually I just read a Modest Proposal, which /u/aimgorge likely was referring to.
this behaviour is prohibited to not allow whack jobs from around the globe to come to braunau and stir up shit.
I'd love to see either everything completely up-to-date or even that fever dream of running only FOSS in public institutions but in so many cases it's just not very realistic
The full effects of Brexit won't be seen until 20 or 30 years later.
Does anybody ride a motorcycle here?
It's quite simple really, Vienna and it's inhabitants are often disliked by people outside of it, because of the way the speak and some people act (who basically think everything outside of Vienna is countryside and everyone not living there is a peasant and worthless).
And his adolation also was mostly centered im Vienna
Russia's youth military movement should have something tangible to practice raiding, the country's defense minister says.
Here it's something boring, you don't learn a lot of stuff which you wouldn't learn in religion in school and it's something old people do
you obviously have not understood a single word that i wrote.
after you have eaten frogs and snails?
I have to disagree Austria is the big brother there!
Goddamit, Finland at it again
Weirdly, i'm also really curious about the live ones
Only thing we got into any detail was the currency union but that was in our economics class
a foot massage is something really personal ...
And the Gates of Vienna have always been open.
Ooooh I just grew more fond of Greek because it's a language where you can leave out the subject
It‘s quite interesting actually
Genau das Gegenteil ist der Fall ;)
The Niva, called Taiga here, is popular with hunters
Charles de Gaulle
Take the variety of products all across europe ant put it in one store - you just creates an american grocery store
Most famous
Extreme examples, I know, but I guess you get the point
dk] That's over a hundred years of difference
* Lastly I‘d say either a lil bit of Serbia or a lil bit of Entente overall (if that counts) bc they equally divided Austria into 4 parts from 1945-1955
Say it has something to do with the gas attacks in WW1
Walk to the subway/tube, ride 2 stations, exit, walk 1 min, takes about 10 min total
I would totally pick some up as well
Thanks, old nemesis ;)
The most Austrian town in China.
The [Confederacy of Independent Systems] of course
As Austrian, I can agree that being called german is often fairly annoying
Most certainly when we consider Austria's current borders, and maybe also when we consider the respective historical borders
as to your last question, not necessarily
The one thing we were not allowed to do was to sell them during the final exhibition because this was just for showing off everyone's work and not a commercial thing
Not if it's not kids I think
No, and I've never seen that happen once
Also, two of my friends had huuuge model train setup, which was cool
You know how often that happens in Vienna?
I wouldn't expect there to be many European immigrants still alive.
[Club Mate] was really popular with IT nerds, I'm not sure how popular its today
We also punish people for using mean words to describe things holy texts say holy people did.
Informatics, Economics, English, Architecture and Teaching degrees (called Lehramt, no real equivalent in English afaik, it's different from Pedagogy in the sense that you study two subjects in addition to education theory)
Didn't the ECB try to tell us that we should get rid of 500 EUR notes because only mobsters use them anyway
That really sounds like a French stereotype
In western cities Salzburg and Innsbruck it is worse and might need your 13th and 14th wage to come by
I haven't been to many, but just recently I was out with a bunch of guys and a girl with her group came to our table.
My country might not have been the most succesful one in wars
Reisende soll man nicht aufhalten!
but if they're just dropping by
Cyprus isn't part of Schengen though
Escaping from prison.[..] is not a crime, because it is considered that the desire for freedom is natural.
In Austria and Bavaria the most formally  neutral and way to greet someone is to say Grüß Gott
Which he by the way helped to put down enthusiastically
The ÖVP is the newly (after WW2) formed followup party to the Christian Social Party
I think it's a beautiful-sounding, fascinating language which I have a personal emotional attachment to, as my grandfather is from Hungary and I'm kind of a Austria-Hungary fanboy
He did it as German chancellor
I didnt think about that
Weasels too, but some neighbours raise chickens so I guess those attract them
Was in Berlin with my class last year
No offense, but you need to chill out.
Yeah I know
But if a European far-right politician talks about "secret circles of east coast elites who control mass immigration" or something like that, that usually an anitsemitic dogwhistle in the tradition of the "Protocols of the Elders of Zion". Same goes for George Soros
Wait who is the black ninja ball left of italy
Either some Handke stuff if you want to feel both cultured and sad, or one of the "Detective Brenner" movies (Das ewige Leben, Knochenmann, Silentium, Komm süßer Tod; good luck finding them with good subtitles)
Why have I never heard that before
Not gonna say PiS is good or anything...
2/3 of AfD voters don't actually like the AfD.
So it is possible but not without difficulty
I'd stay in Vienna, why would I move
It is sad that although geographically we aren't that far apart the common image about Romania is so wrong
Germany is obviously the country closest to "being a brother" to us
You mean the non binding advisory vote, sure.
We have a HUGE variety of different sorts with the Sachertorte being the most famous one
Must sting when your only ally falls you in the back and makes a separate peace with France
As Kid my favourite cheese was "Steirer Glundner" and you basically can't get it outside Styria and Carinthia (where it's called Kärntner Käse)
>  In austria basically every job is unionized
Just give them to some animal rights group and they will obsessively look for violations.
The further north you go the worse it gets
Some people find bread dumplings (Semmelknödel) a bit hard to make because they tend to fall apart if you don't prepare them the right way
Sure, *irritate* works, but that's pretty close to the word "irritieren", which has another meaning alltogether
Is it the eastern part of Bavaria (the settlement area of the [Baiuvarii] tribe) or the eastern part of the [Frankish Empire] which existed before and/or roughly around the time Austria was first mentioned by name, or was it something else entirely
In Austria it's a bohemian village :)
If you use Erdapfel only for certain dishes but say Kartoffel otherwise you are too far gone
> A system where the State is in control of key industries
After I'd moved on from elementary school, teachers didn't care anymore so most of us switched to regular pens within a couple years
Most billboards I see are about food (aka like 95%)
Carinthia and Slovenia has also still some issues with the "Abwehrkampf", it's also more on the cold side today, but with Haiders shennenigans and the problems with the bilingual place signs Shows the issues are not buried yet
Burgenland's entire infrastructure was directed towarss Sopron and Szombathely, so after 1918/1945 it went to shit and they would have needed to build new infrastructure but didn't for a long fucking time
(Ofc not really something for people who dislike tiny spaces/rooms
I would recommend that you also add a good amount of sugar to the breadcrumbs
Comfy, soft, ugly
They are literally the same saint, only celebrated slightly differently
Glorifying it is very taboo, and in certain cases also illegal
Where I live everybody says email and not mail
> viennese is hands down the nicest german dialect
It is ok to betreten feuertrunken, himmlische, dein Heiligtum
Since the UK left we now have to pay even more
99€? With 99
If you hear a German word, you usually know how to write it
There's rape and then there's violent rape and then there's violent rape where the victim dies or becomes disabled.
And if its much colder I consider taking another jacket
The current trajectory of most Southern and Eastern European countries is to slowly bleed out of human capital until there are only a few urban regions left with wilderness around it
in any case {adv}
What the law accomplishes is harassment of legal gun owners, a huge strain on bureaucracy and legal confusion for all involved parties
Guess somebody visited that donald subreddit lately?
Wow the french version is one of the worst dubs I've seen so far
Although Austria was always somehow split regarding conservatism
To a lesser degree is is also an issue of security/police presence (although I find it makes places feel *less* safe when there's always these damn grumpy security guards running around) and alcohol bans (Vienna had its first anti open container area designated around a train station recently for that reason)
alternatively, give me GTA5, but situated in Vienna
It's not so common but far far more than veganism, albeit both seem to be growing
We do
First, I highly doubt that Turkey has a healthcare systems thats miles ahead of the western world
^(I mean the colors on the left stripe  of course
Trolls act for personal entertainment and tend to limit their actions to some degree.
IMO Americans studying their ancestry can quickly escalate into crazy talk about "pure bloodlines" and percentages.
Not having the tax added to price tags.
Whenever she writes a text, I have to correct her phrases with "das Bild von dem Künstler" and put them in genetive (i.e. "das Bild des Künsterls"; "des Künstlers Bild" is too hardcore, even for me)
However Beidl can also mean something else
I've learned so much more about the English language through the internet than I ever will in my English class, my English teacher sometimes makes basic grammar mistakes and every lesson I'm just completely zoning out because everything my teacher is going to tell me, I already know
I love the tropical climate, it's cheap, the people are friendly and I absolutely love the food.
Wasn't that bad when I was there
They used the intestines of sheep (much the same way a sausage is encased in animal intestines)
I am a Viennese, can't drive and think that the rest of the country is backwards hellhole
Because it's so accurate
Academic titles
Not a question of country, but of village/town/city size - my grandma's "one-horse-village" has no tagging whatsoever, bigger cities do.
Operation is still ongoing and all the special forces are being activated
> Er sagte "oh" nachdem er das Haus sah, das in einer Strasse mit einer scharfen Kurve stand
They are also very well organised but not as tight as Germans I would say
Is there no term limit
It's better these days
Please send more money for Susana!!
I barely went outside
Am Austrian, it's both die and der Butter
>I love living in Austria
The easiest language for a German speaker is probably Dutch.
Or the general "thank me for my service" posts where suddenly someone is still in uniform or out of the blue mentions their military background unnecessarily
I'd limit myself to 3 or 4 cities, 4 being the absolute maximum.
so" – wasn't there an echt fett sketch about this
A military dictatorship is basically the only way you can fight such wars at all.
UM HIMMELS WILLEN, DER FÜHRER STEH UNS BEI
I remember from an exam in constitutional EU law that the administrative apparatus of the whole EU is roughly the size of that of Munich
We are a neutral country and therefore contribute to negotiations especially in the Balkans
But there are many technical differences which would be very expensive to eliminate
I actually never did that
Austria has the honour of being the first country ever to officially end up in last place
Sure, just make sure you pay more than my current job and don't spam Reddit.
sure, but that attitude makes no sense.
What do you not understand about "I agree it should be illegal"?
EU: what the fuck
I was in the military and I'm not a robot killing machine...
Ruoti	FI
They basically ask if eg German still as example: A german would mind if an Austrian would speak AUSTRIAN German and if an Austrian would speak German German
😊 And they gave VdB the majority in Salzburg and Lower Austria as well.
süß = siaß
One time she took off points for a correct answer on a test and when I brought in proof that I was correct she just shrugged
Which is pretty neat
Ive only ever heard that one from my grandmother
The conservatives get a authoritarian boner about the possibilities shown to them by Covid Contact tracking
Thank you, learned something new today.
Very common in academic research but not so much in terms of copyright, universities rarely care about that, but about intellectual property (patents, licensing,...)
Not particularly
"ein harter kampf hat dich in zwei geschlagen, von dir gerissen wurde südtirol" )
Lass ihn dir schmecken, mein Freund
As an Austrian on the proud second place, i tip my hat
We cherish our culture
The main difference is that this road tolls are for everyone, also for citizens of the country who collects the toll.
well trash
same
The obvious answer is Trump, because Hillary is just more of the same (pro-Wall street etc..) and we are used to that.
Also, I don't like its utter whiteness - it was the Führers favourite city for a reason
It's what we call free speech
This map is hot garbage
Glad you liked it
And German Wikipedians love to discuss and preach their holy rules
It varies
Austria does have [Metro] which I think would fall into the category of superstores.
I think this more nuanced view is pretty important here as we try to understand how this could happen and that our ancestors were just evil isn't a very good explanation
Honestly
I think it's pretty obvious that violent crime and nonviolent crime should be treated differently.
Because most Germans today do not cling to stone age beliefs and religious propaganda like Americans
Austrian-German has a few abbreviated words:
), Alhambra in Granada, Xativa, the gate towers of Valencia (they kinda castle-like), Alcazar in Cordoba, Alcazar in Sevilla, that old castel thing on the hill in Malaga, batteries on the Rock of Gibraltar, Castillo de Almodovar del Rio, Castillo de Javier in Navarra, Palacio Real de Olite in Navarra, Uxue in Navarra, Castillo de Carlos V. in Hondarribia, the castle on Urgull in Donostia, Castel Sant'Angelo, the Vatican, I think there used to be a bunch of palaces on the Palatin Hill (thus the name *palace*) and I've been there, some place close to Verona, Akkon, Knossos, some other place on Crete, some place on Kos, some place on Corfu, some place in Girona (?), some place in Barcelona (?), Limassol,  and probably a bunch of others
"Blockwart-Mentalität" isn't as bad though
Food
Hammer in German is just Hammer, pronounced somewhat hard
Maybe he really sucks at that ?
All the scandinavian languages
Yeah, it's pretty common if you ask me
Please don't insult other users, even if the discousion gets heated, this is an official warning!
Eta urre da
Found the tourist with the drone
What I never was aware of is my wrong use of the "`" in English
Thats something i can agree on
Problem is, you would need consent of every member state the get rid of the VAT exemption for air travel and that is no very realistic
It is the exact opposite to home sick, the yearning to leave your known surroundings behind in search for the unknown
There are several reasons, for example the it is really hard to investigate once someone is already dead.
And he pulls a bottle of gasoline, lights the contract on fire and proclaims himself Emperor
* One thing I‘m sure about however is that we have the oldest zoo in the world
I didn't have the chance to go there because it was chilly/stormy/rainy on that day and I didn't want to risk anything :`D
Very often, I'm sure
The lists of nations we got as answers: norway, nederlands, belgium, luxenbourg, poland, hungary (was the most common answer), switzerland, bosnia, slovenia, belarus, ukraine,(estonia,latvia,lithuania,kaliningrad (this 4 were one guy who was 100% shure that we are trolling him that it isn't one of them, espessially when we said "no thats russia" when he pointed at kaliningrad)) and tunis (north africa was also shown on the map)
Fuck no
I think there's more coming
Im not convinced
Austria is a nice looking country but the politics are just dogshit, corruption everywhere
the german cases would something against have
austria is blue (140), get your facts straight
The moment you cross the border you get overwhelmed with smells of coffee beans and different cakes and pastries
thats true, whats the argument against it
I like that last Swede, we should name a price after him
It's been our money for 15 years in most cases.
;-)
A warmonger, aggressor and imperialist (I know, kettle, pot, black), but also an important reformer
Oh God I hate this language
[Check this link for more info]
Take the fuck it and do your job
They left Austria in 1955 but my great-grandmother said they were way better than the Russians and gave them chocolate.
Federation
Just think, a continent bathed in each others blood for 2000 years and after one of the bloodiest wars ever they go ahead with a peace project never before seen.
And German Wikipedians love to discuss and preach their holy rules
Other movies don't really portrait us at all
The food in other places around the hotel wasn't much better
They thought I was one of the left= Nazis idiots
Austria has a recycling rate of 63% and the rest is incinerated.
Not for speaking Hochdeutsch, for speaking the germany-version of Hochdeutsch
Spanische Hofreitschule
No, it depends on how much you heated the tea water...
And even during our elections, I start to get exhausted by them by the end of it
First NATO then EU
Yeah I really enjoyed it, but it's by no means a masterpiece
I just imagined people trying to say Österreich.
They just had a different result which included the projection of postal votes
We had to learn them in school, like a lot of other stuff, but honestly, the only reason I remember them is A) movies and TV shows (e.g. Minnesota is where Jack O'Neill from Stargate grew up) and B) because no person from the US I've ever met or talked to has ever just said that they are from the US, they always mention the state, often including the city
There's at least 10-15 more popular sports here, I never hear any reports about it and don't really know anyone playing it
And by folders, do you mean those loose-leaf binders to collect printouts in
For me it's not hard at all, but I know a lot of people who still struggle with pronunciation, spelling and grammar, even after 8-9 years of learning the language
best reaction would probably be to start explaining to them how it works, pretending to think that they don't have any one home, considering they're so excited about it
in February/March in an alpine valley mostly covered in snow
I bought my big House for about the half of it
kackwurst
In primary school (ages 6-10) no, we just used backpacks and the small compartment under the desk
Everything up north or down south
As far as I know most European brokers will only operate in certain countries.
Yet another Burg Lichtenstein, near Vienna:
Militaries generally don't use reduced propellant either
How is a Mobile Device defined
Has Finland already recovered
Didn't know how many opportunities for dick jokes there are if you're really dedicated, what a week
Unlike Switzerland Austria does not have dual citizenship for many so many just don't become citizens even though they could.
), first written in 1811, is almost(?) in its entirety still in use unchanged
Slovakia
[Melissa Naschenweng] is a close second imo, just (thankfully) less well known
I oay 35 eur for unlimited data and i download 1tb plus a month with it.
In no sense of the word are Austrians germans.
Seconds after greeting the other players in german
There are subs for each country and those are mainly in the native language
Maybe when you're offering tourists as alternative perpetrators?
Oh thanks for looking into it
Or is the country at large fine with it
That's not standard austrian german we speak here
Having grown up with a supposedly more complicated language doesn't make you more intelligent or the superior human being
Almost no-one in europe views socialism as something to aspire to
Businesses don't have values
He definetly is the most hated because somehow he still finds a way to feud with every otger public outlet or person
In some restaurants with a sizable portion left over I've even had aluminium foil delivered by the waiter with the check unasked
You have time until fall to learn German
Linz is really ugly
A regional train arrives at Seefeld in Tyrol.
london would be boring as shit
Two months is plenty
Not sure you missed any :D
They do in Althochdeutsch and previous Germanic languages - modern German is full of simplifications, vowel shifts and other stuff
We had a sea connection, we had plenty of excitement
Well, is this post about present day borders, or about any historical borders that include ones country
Dragging down the GDP of the country would be ridiculous
Lonely
And since I'm a lazy fuck and carrying groceries with your bike doesn't work all that well, it has to be by bus.
South East Asians (I can't tell the difference) behave well in the cities and don't really visit the countryside.
The guy who got completely wasted at the last Christmas party
The anti racism story in there is also great
I don't want the government to force their citizens to get substances injected
Well, then why should you have both instead
(I think at the border they often speak slovenian and sometimes get taught that in school
Every Iphone user was seen as a tech illiterate just for having one
Our military is a joke
Not a word, but an idiom: "To give up the ghost
We use it to get drunk fast or as a refreshing drink in the summer.
But honestly it's also much self induced hurry, when I moved out and working in the early 2000, I took the time to cook a prober meal after 10 hours at work (paid overtime)
I see no discrepancy
If there existed such a thing as "Austro-Hungarian bloc", I don't see why Croatia wouldn't be part of it.
People are not open for discussions but rather stay in their echo chamber and downvote everything they disagree of.
Even more so if it is a movie I want to see asap, for example to avoid spoilers or just hyped about to see
I blame your education system
Hattesch lei liaba saga miassa, a tschocklad mag i alm :)
Nowadays it's going to be difficult to find people who still speak Slovene in Austria.
It was ruled to be appropiate self defence, because the defendant announced that he was armed and the intruder still tried to open the door
C-a-f-f-e-e trink nicht zu viehiel Kahaffee
Voting with 16 years old
that is somehow absolutely true
the tooth paste is actually light red and tastes salty
Many people seem to love Ireland but it's one of the most uninteresting countries in Europe for me and I don't really consider visiting it
For Greek competitiveness nothing would change.
Yes, we have a contract with the holy see that guarantees it
A so a bledsinn, mi vastead awoi jeda
Always thought Infineon was Austrian, but it seems they are German but have their production Sites here
The German Name of a vole is pointy mouse
I think if handy is used as a noun and not as an adjective in Britain it could mean Handjob, if I‘m correct
Bread, like dark bread, or bread rolls
That still makes them German companies in my opinion
> Is he viewed positively in austria
And then
Füße = Fiaß
I do feel feel connected with the Archduchy of Austria and the Austrian Empire.
I mean revolutions probably *are* kinda hard to win
The Old High German name of the original core land was Ostarrichi ("Eastern Realm"), that's a bit anachronistic, but a starting point to reconstruct the name into modern English
I honestly couldn't find any information how that happened
Yes we trink it, Viennas main water source is spring water from Styrian Alps.
It even occurred once (my parents have a restaurant and the wedding meal took place in that restaurant) that the groom doesn‘t find the bride nor her friends at all and has to search for her the whole evening
"Soulless" is such a stupid designation to give to a place
that's why it's called the double monarchy.
Having been in the military, I'm not too eager to shoot anything since.
Oh no, I hope he is alright
If you’re interested in modern architecture and planning, I suggest you visit any of these places
We don't have many high buildings/skyscrapers (tho some more are going to be built atm) that makes it a bit difficult I think
**Germködel**
But what if he is trying to promote national socialism.
thats whats usually taken as the founding of Austria
Wasn't it called 'Heiamann' or something
That was very interesting to read.
Also, "Die Wanderhure"... will never get this one out of my mind, unfortunately
As always
and that is the difference to Austria, they had this financing via a toll from the beginning so there was no need to make higher taxes for the car-owners.
Solar on the other hand makes a profit without subsidies.
Eurostat might be worth a shot
i don't know if the dutch are still in the top 3, but in the 2000s they were.
The Serbian-Croat-Slovene state had quite a bit of negotiating power during the conference but did not get the full extent of their claims still
With ketchup, please
I think they are supposed to represent the different classes in the country
And I think language education is taken more seriously than in Hungary
Consistency in this context is best translated as Konsequenz, Kontinuität, Konstanz or Beständigkeit
On our last day there we got really Drunk with our Italien Friends, to the point,  where I spoke somewhat drunken english with a guy From my school and we didn't realise until we sobered up a bit
Furthermore, Northern Europe is the part of Europe that has remained totally Protestant with a low development density
take ireland for example, the position of Taoiseach gets translated as "prime minister" even though the position is only comparable to that of a prime minister in Anglo countries (and nowadays, often doesn't get translated at all)
So I'd guess that you might save around 300 a month if you live cheaply or might just scrape by in Vienna if you are not eligible for a subsidized flat
Instead of saying
even better: 50
Welcome to onomatology
It means taming nature to stop the winter and start spring
Friend of mine had trouble with his son's name and seriously considered to just name him some standard Austrian name and then rename him the next day
You don’t have to belong to a minority group to be able to study in such a school, so that a lot of Romanians attend them in order to make sure they learn another language in depth
The last sentence, no, a real Döner is with lamb/mutton and cabbage
Chechens are with us for quite some time already and so are the problems they brought.
Finished school with the best possible grades and obtained a PhD in quantum chemistry
Going to Christmas markets etc
Plenty of day left after sundown
The first mention of Ostarrichi was 996, back then it was part of the duchy of Bavaria, so it was neither a kingdom nor an empire at that time; it was a realm (= Reich), that was positioned in the very Eastern part of the Holy Roman Empire
I'm pretty sure you'd try to learn the language if you were to move there
It's not only about promoting national socialism.
This is what most of the time happens i you "debate" a genocide denier
Only when they are paid do they protest
If you live in Vienna you don't have a Wienwoche :P
"Austria is the only country that gets dumber from experience".
Not if there has never been that kind of attack before the law was passed, which is what I understood the comment to mean
oh yeah ... I still got GMX ... and one of their joke domain addresses as well :D
Kopf und Schulter, Knie und Fuß, Knie und Fuß.
Ah ok
I have a DINK couple as friends, they use their kitchen about once a month
Making friends here is tough, especially since I’m a bit older (mid 30’s)
Europe is pretty much the opposite, at least within the Schengen agreement countries
Hahaha
Hungarian – Bécs
No wood + drywall
Sadly really badly
One phrase that comes to mind would be "Es geht sich aus". Literally translated "It goes itself out". A sentence that initially confuses a lot of Germans that move to Austria
English gift and German Gift *are* cognates
This is *such* an Italian mistake, I love it
wow that's really creative; I love the idea of Matura pranks (that's what we call them, Matura being high school finals) being actually funny and requiring some work to pull off
Exactly
Sorry it is not legal to tell you the answer to this.
The strong sauce appears to be a counterweight to the minced meat,ehich mornally has few taste compared to other kinds of meat.
Well we have a beer party
This is my game
Other than classical music,
Paul Joseph Watson
Ah the vagina train
Sad but true
Have you ever been to Berlin
That many million people cities have a lot in common is completly ignored
Whichever it is, you can see, they really like to make an impression
You could have simply told what MFA means instead of getting all pissy about it.
We had that too for some years
A lot of students go there and **party all night, ski all day**.
I cant ski
Its pretty much a lifelong process to learn them
That name came about because on the piano you can play both soft and loud, whereas on its predecesor, the cembalo (harpsichord), every note you played was the same volume no matter how hard you pressed the key
I think our 2nd and 3rd biggest cities, Graz and Linz respectively, are generally more unknown than our 4th and 5th biggest, Salzburg and Innsbruck
Arguably, for Austria the difference between language and dialect is very important
And last time I checked, Bratislava was not a part of Czechia :P
this is incredibly sad
Because the US has several social problems that western european countries don't have.
Go tell an english person that "autumn" and "trousers" are provicial dialect words
In Austrian German its really weird, because a "the" in front of a name is completely wrong in written Austrian German, but normal in spoken Austrian German
In my hometown at 600 metres there is no snow
That’s just politics
You can see the Alps but the area directly north of it is also Austria.
Yes, not bad, but i prefere the 'italian' meatballs.
The more rural an area gets, the more often you will see them
yeah I should've put exotic in quotation marks; meant to say that lots of grains are sold under an umbrella term of being organic/natural/healthy/traditional/original
I don't have to guess of some information is meant for UK only, another country, or worldwide
How would you use that, "Gehen wir bei Zerglinge zu produzieren
But we don‘t have a fight with each other or smth
they will curse the house If they get cought in it
(Seriously, don't do the Hitler salute here, it's not edgy, but only incredibly shitty
what do people do when somebody dresses up as the Grinch, claim it's hurtful to The Hulk
In the Austrian countryside, it's usually smaller bars, cafes and maybe clubs, depending on the size of the town.
I remember that I wanted to go to the gym and my parents paid for a years membership and I didn´t think much about it
Latest on wednesday everything has to be closed
What
IME it's not a very hot topic in Austria, anymore.
ahh music in my ears
As an Austrian, I think it should be noted that Ms
Good luck, you can do it
Because I think it‘s quite rare to find somebody that grew up in Austria and lives in Austria to not have a dialect, like, at all (or overall find a german native that doesn‘t have a dialect at all)
Clapping and finger snapping right now!
That's pretty much what I, too, heard several Bosnian expats say.
Austrian Gallery Belvedere
In 1933 the Austrofascists allowed it again, and the Nazis kept it of course
And also GMX is still quite popular in Austria and Germany
Bathtub yes, but never seen two drains in a shower
¡Que viven los gabachos
Maybe it doesn't get its own name when it's just situated in the capital (as I assume is the case in France)
Well we Austrians are the median of this: "Austrians have rules like the Germans and break them like the Italians" is a running joke even among us
also on the sidewalk when two people first walk in the middle and then both get to the left side to avoid eachother
Back in the day the teachers had to create their own end exams, which you need to go to uni
automatic weapons can only be bought legally by government agencies in most countries.
*taps forehead*
My experience in Hungary was the one third speaks some German, one third speaks some English and the rest only speaks Hungarian
Funnily enough there's a huge park in Vienna, the famous *Prater*, and there's also a less famous and smaller and less fancy *böhmischer Prater*. Both are actually very beautiful though
What's the problem with white men?
I always wanted to ask, how to Turkish people living in Turkey feel about people of Turkish origin living outside of Turkey voting in their elections?
And new Romanian documentaries are afaik nonexistant
Though population wise, there isn't that big of a difference between the two countries
The kings of Leon would answer "on fire"!
"Western Media" lolz, everyone against poor little poland right?
In Austria you get an angry mother in law
yeah, it's usually not too hard to evade those people :D
What do you expect ? Europe has to find positions on those two things - and since the UK as well as the US are on completely divergent paths from what Europe thinks is the future I don’t see how a certain amount of animosity is not to be expected
What's so great about Lufthansa?
Those are the cognates, yes
Those are mostly cuvée's and don't taste that bad pure.
Never say never
They would only have to hire more people and pay them sunday premiums.
It‘s basically an s and a z stacked together
Before we were connected to public water, we also didn't drink the water from our well
also i have some experience from recent years when i tried to speak slovak to Czechs and they looked at me like I'm speaking klingon :D so i rather speak Czech when in Czechia
Nein, es wäre wirklich zu krass, was bedeutet, dass sie vor dem Absenden denken müssen, dass sie wirklich Fremdsprachen verwenden können, ohne es sofort zu merken
Can not into space, for some unknown reason.
The EU's immense bureaucracy has so far managed to be way more effective at communicating clear divorce guidelines than May's coalition of disaster
My town's history goes back quite some time
Ftfy
For linz you should've mentioned affordable
anyway {adv}
Why would yodeling offend anyone
But since last year Street View cars have been driving through Austria
I'm sure many old, white haired, men in suits would love to have one, but luckily there's not.
That channel also shows Jane the Virgin between 4 and 5 am
Our books we just left at home - nobody used them anyways
They decided to go out one day in the city and asked about shady placed to avoid at night, so they dont get into trouble or robbed
Thats such an unnecessary knockout argument when pointing out Hypocrisy
The day I was born
I think there is not a single country I have been to other than maybe Israel where the smoking culture annoys me more.
Its working well
It shows shows that because we do not have that many black people living among us, people can be quite ignorant because it is seen as "the other" and we are not exposed to much African American culture and black culture in general.
Pen and paper are such a super super super low-level kind of tech: easy to manufacture, intuitive to write with and store, and allows for easy access to the information
Are those people living and working there or are they attending university?
The green party is pretty succesful in all bigger cities
Also fantastic Trdelník.
"Quarter Nine" means we are a quarter through the ninth hour and "three quarter nine" means we are 3 quarters through the ninth hour
You're just not used to it anymore after all those extremely hot years
Agree with the other commenter, you absolutely must be gay
How is it in your country
* Perchten in general (the Habergoaſß is one of the Schiarch-Perchten)
My family and I were visiting the Harry Potter studios near London and we wanted to take a picture in front of it so my dad went up up to a woman and asked her if she could take a picture for us
I'm not even viennese and I've been to a lot of those places
** same with medicine; when you're sick and stuck in some seedy hostel where everything's weird and unknown, there's something really comforting about just taking what you know (like a bag of Neocitran) and feeling like you're properly taking care of yourself
1944 the latter's independence was declared
Yeah, some day, when all this shit is over, we will travel again
sounds like a great reason to grab a drink
A more petty example would be Casterly Rock to Casterly Stein
Machines were running XP of course (not even sure if they had the latest SP installed, but doubt it)
Well, I was semi kidding
Tja
Its a time honored tradition to hate the capital
Swap smoking with unhealthy fast food and do you feel the same?
Tyrol's hymn has none of that and it's instead about a rebellious uprising during the Napoleonic Wars and the execution of its leader [Andreas Hofer]
yet the media doesn't pay attention to that at all.
Oh, it's one of the seven socialists: Keine Bremsen
Wait, "Dripsdrü" isn't a word my mum invented
Only that they got more out the Marshall plan than Germany and has less bombs dropped on them.
Nua wia ma kunstvui a 'Oida' anwendt
You forget all the branded business mail adresses running via Outlook
Will you ever be able to forgive me
Sure, breakfast + new years concert is the best start in a new year
So now, that's out the window, because NI is either part of the UK or part of Ireland
It also derives from Celtic and means "white settlement" or "white soil" or "property of a man named Vindos", and probably originally referred to some kind of manor of a Celtic noble
he problems were purely formal and the court decision resulted from an interpretation of the law that none of the legal expertes of the state authorities shared.
Trillion = 10^18 = 1 000 000 000 000 000 000
And some islamic countries are now actually boycotting french product
For me it‘s the two Belguim Dart players:
And for the few classes we did have somewhere else than our designated classroom, we could just leave our books in little cubbies underneath our desks in the main classroom and just take the material for that one class with us
The court just said now that preferring a less qualified person because of gender is discrimination no matter if the person is female or male
If he should have a similar mental breakdown as in the last debate, he would fall into isolation and ridiculousness, taking Austria as a hostage with him
It has literally zero advantages over running them either inside the single market or in far east.
its a lot saver and everything.
Then we got places like „Mösendorf“, which roughly means „Pussyvillage“.
Maaaybe diluted mountain dew with less sweetness might be somehow comparable, at least from the general taste "direction" (almdudler has no caffeine).
According to r/Austria, even people in Vienna felt it
If I see someone fly an Austrian Flag I automatically assume they are right wing or at least conservatives
'dicke Eier' haben = having fat balls means to be horny for some time already without getting any release
And the Swiss didn't want them otherwise they would now be part of Switzerland.
But even that is pretty much unseen.
size-wise, yeah it's a village
So many of our German words have different roots, we don't even realise
Except bavarians
In most of these maps I always seem to be right on the border...
The city is beautiful, full of history and amazing for the services it offers
Yeah, thats how it works here as well
After the ceremony the wedding party usually moves to a tavern/inn/hostelry (I don't think there's a proper translation for Wirtshaus) and the main event takes place in the "ballroom", the biggest room
I'm wondering if we've been to the same Italy
I see what you did there and I approve of it
We don't have it written in law either, but it's in the *Kollektivvertrag*, which is binding for employers and employees
Maybe if the owners really cheap out on the door
„sich ausgehen“ as in „etw
12°C in Vienna, it's absolutely insane
And their mayor is a disgusting piece of shit
Anyways, if also people in Italy are hungry by that time, why put a bandaid on instead of go to the root of the problem = have dinner
I don't ski, I dislike coffee (never drink it), I barely eat cake, I barely go hiking, I barely visit farms, I only speak a bit in dialect and I don't like some of our classic dishes like Germknödel
Stephen's cathedral in Vienna was on fire as well
There is nothing I can say about German that Mark Twain hasn't already said and better in his [*The awful German language*]
* F steht für Freunde die was unternehmen -> F is for Friends who do things together
Just like the chauffeur of Merkel is clearly more important than her.
over here it's the same
The only "importance" here was that we denied the Germans qualification too, which makes the mythical enshrinement of the whole thing even more small-time.
Nothing much apparently
Düsseldorf - retard village (kinda)
Now they're back to coffee and corruption.
I d say below 10 is cool, below 0 is cold
But do you mean the new smell of Railjet, Cityjet, Talent or the old smell of CityShuttle and InterCities
Even I, an Austrian myself, won't understand everything he says.
The best thing about denmark is the small hippie-zone of kristiania somewhere in copenhagen
Lappland rings a bell
Under German and Austrian law a transfer needs a title (eg contract) and a modus (eg hand it over physically), whilst France doesn't know this distinction.
But they're the friendliest and most hard working people I've met
They are getting more and more common
What
I have been living for more than 12 years in Vienna now and I have never been to Schönbrunn
And i thought having restaurants first build an extra smokers room and then banning that later on was just the austrian solution
The EU will care when they are smacked through the room by the Americans like the little bitches they are.
You may declare the artist dead, but even the death of the artist does not wash away the vision invested into the artwork  during its creation
what do people do when somebody dresses up as the Grinch, claim it's hurtful to The Hulk
Yes, it's an law from 1949 that a child of one of the official acknowledged religion has the right to get teached of their religion in school
Can we please finally make this thing useful by turning it into the first pan-European university
Is it like a Balcanic tradition or something?
I'm an oil driller and I'm okay
Why not
Well in German language (I live in Austria and I don’t really know how it is in Germany) it is extreme
Sorry but how is he doing something good?
45-60 min bus ride, then a few stops with tram, then a few stops with bus
There is no state religion in Austria.
Then why leave the other guy in?
Because there is only one correct answer
Yeah the one in Stiftskaserne, the partner of the Haus des Meeres one
West
Falco is the best
of course their children shouldn't be taken away.
So today the UN troops station in Cyprus in practice just make sure that the Turkish military doesn't cross into Cyprus in an attempt to somewhat keep the peace on the island
That's just disgusting
[Uff]
I guess you should've ventured out of the Inner City a bit then
It's also meant to be a cultural exchange, to promote a pan-European feeling in a young, educated generation
I hated her
The same guy's wife earning politician's money for her work as the "honorary" commissioner for animal rights within the party (and she managed his Facebook presence
And it might be weird as an Austrian saying I prefer more like not mountainous countries and places (even you have spectacular views on a mountain)
560€ total, so only 140€ per person
What makes you think there are no Syrians in Europe?
Always true
I prefer bureaucrats over populists.
When looking for a master's I found out that we actually have a surprising amount of private universities for business studies
Yas
Don't continue to stand around in the house demanding that before leaving, the owner promise to deliver free food and water to you for years, keep the door wide open for whenever you need something from his house, and maybe even provide you with a harem of lady cats
not really, simple drive slower when there road conditions are bad.
After those grades we stopped using notebook covers altogether I think
Same for Switzerland and Austria, highway=Autobahn.
Turkish Forces are pushing into the north of syria.
That would be an interesting question.
Italian and the Scandinavian languages (Danish,Swedish and Norwegian)
Both from my own experiences and from what my parents say
I voted in my life 4 times until now and I always did it with the belive I vote for the candiate/party which is quite close to my interests
still i'd stay away at least a kilometer if i were on fire
Do you want to dissolve Austria because of lack of legitimacy?
fair enough
Always make the next appointment when I am there, because otherwise I know I wouldn't go
A few years after my grand father returned home, a bullet fraction was removed from his arm
Or, "Griass Enk"
as I stated above, I am talking with a technical degree from Uni
Exactly
But yeah, many people were not unhappy about
> Throw yourself over the houses
But he made it clear that he didn't.
Then there's other examples where jokes are just not translated because it's either hard, or the translators are incompetent and don't fully understand the original, for example with the Simpsons ("bürgersteigsurfende Kubikstrahler", ugh)
Putin came to Austria right after the first round of sanctions were put in place.
wow that's really creative; I love the idea of Matura pranks (that's what we call them, Matura being high school finals) being actually funny and requiring some work to pull off
Damn I miss that city
Yes, and idiot me accidentally deleted the parent comment.
If you like these kinds of things, maybe you'd also find [this Australian cultural guide] interesting, I found it surprisingly accurate
good idea,I would rather be in Yugoslavia lmfao
If you don't mind me asking, did you migrate to Belarus for work related reasons
The Polish party system really is a weird one with both main parties having spawned from the same voting block
What's up with shit like Liechtenstein, Andorra, San Marino etc
You know
No fancy Coat of Arms or weird font, just the name, the colors, and a piece of nostalgia
Also our success rate for world wars we started
> Der Bürgerkrieg und die Diktatur war eh abzusehen
Which Krampus thing
I also use other typical Austrian diminuitives like -tscherl, -tschi, -i etc
It rained a lot here in the last few weeks, so I am happy it has finally warmed up a bit more
Nice
Don't forget "Marmeladinger" !
I'm tempted to post a certain video of the GTI-Treffen...
Upon asking why they wouldn't use the water from the water pipe, they were a bit confused
Unnecessary and not proven harmless.
Because they have biometric passports and information exchange with the USA, yes.
I‘m not a believer, but love to have a peek into all kinds of churches, temples and stuff
I would also never think of Slovenia or Czechia when people say Eastern Europe, but a Spaniard or Portugiese would maybe think otherwise
Sorry, but it is against our flag policy.
I love eel, but I never realized they were a British thing
Wow, never heard about the frugal four
I'd like to thank the allied countries for kicking Nazi-Germany's ass
If I were given the task to make a guideline for an announcement in public transport at no point would I consider "ladies and gentlemen" an appropriate saluation for the basic reason that I also want to address children and rude people as well.
AFAIK mermaids have the same origin and they do basically the same, luring and seducing seaman to join them and then kill them
On the other hand the Polish were some of the most invested subjects of the Emperor
"birds aren't real" is a general meme that I think comes out of the hacker community
"The game of risk" ESA Director-General Jan Wörner talks about the differing risk-taking cultures in Europe and the USA.
We got to choose between British and American English, but we had to stick to it, we couldn't mix them up or switch.
They played a friendly against my Team  [Skn St
That’s just another one of those „My COVID-19 project“ bragging pictures
Lesbians and Gays go together, plain homosexuals, and our strive for equal treatment and protection etc.
It has worked in the 70s&80s. I do reckon some things changed since then but it's not like it hasn't be done before and was proven to work
haha, for some reason our pictures always look horrible as well
Form "we were victims too" to "we helped and have been accomplices".
Last time I checked, no hardware manufacturer spoke out against/sanctioned the Hong Kong protests in may way
I got everything I needed except for some canned food
The Lower Austrian town of "Wiener Neustadt" (lit
Wait this isn't a joke
It's good to have more holidays than the neighboring countries like Germany ;)
Probably [St
But due to Covid I can't visit our neighbor
I'd say a proper dictionary would be Langenscheidt or Pons or OED or whatever
Some were struggling with things like third person "s" until the very end.
Birds are government surveillance drones
Apparently we couldn't pun on "High Noon" either and just called it "Shang-High-Noon"
> Keep it civil
OK I'd take Kärnten too, but it's not really western.
Du los mei Pitti
(modern German "East" = "Osten")
At least not before Master degree level.
Public health care requires a public health care agency
I mean that would be the logical solution to the problem you seem to have.
Am I being whooshed
All PIGS countries were forced to endure harsh austerity measures
Up until a few years ago I also really struggled with pronounciation, like I pronounced tomb and womb like bomb
This 2bh
There is bin for mixed thrash, a bin for plastic and one for paper.
And yes, it is used in derogatory sense since the country is heavily centered around Vienna
Wrong word boundary, pal
French
Didn't the ECB try to tell us that we should get rid of 500 EUR notes because only mobsters use them anyway
same reason why everybody just calls people from "the US" americans
Which probably makes them less efficient for priest-strangling since you can't gobble them down as a whole
Where's the pizza, pasta, the mafia's tight grip on local authorities and the wine
I've seen some in Denmark that had four seats, could even take a friend home, or dump her shopping in there
German
And I do honestly think it's a bit of typical Austrian "sudern" involved here, because there's a pattern with you and the other poster: Both of you say "Austrians can't cook", EXCEPT you both (that other dude included also his friends and granny, but no girls lol), who are indeed Austrian, and claim to love advanced cooking/cooking and baking alot ...;)
But to me it's not a drink, it's food
It just seems a bit weird, everything in the EU is free market etc
Russia would also work
It's kind of the same if you're saying you're not going to other European capitals which have been involved in terror attacks in the past.
It doesn't sound right spoken because it's not really a "natural" language, but it is Austrian
Because that's quite literally what some people seem to wear
/r/LateStageCapitalism/
Because it works like insurance.
Given that the company is actually named after Nike then a German, who were to read the company name as any other German word would actually be closer to the [actual pronunciation] of the ancient Greek goddess than any American or British
Also she‘s german so ig she doesn‘t really count for Austria
I'd rather have actual seasons than just Summer - Hot Summer - Mild Summer
But since I'm now 20 I probably would've married  the son of an other farmer five years ago and would be pregnant with my third child
When I had sex at home before that, we just had the TV or music running
Also, contrary to popular belief, the people of Scandinavia around a 1000 years ago weren't Vikings.
Of course it has
He is the absolute wrong person for this job and has no legal understanding (wording upcoming law changes differently in three interviews on the same day, effectively confusing everybody what would be illegal and what not...)
It's missing IKEA furniture, meatballs and Eurovision trophies
Also, that the empire was small
From what I find, yeah, should be fine.
You know, I see a lot of parallels between French and Yank culture
Looking forward to
I have a DINK couple as friends, they use their kitchen about once a month
Edna and Harvey, The Whispered World and Deponia
Macron seems like he's actually passionately in favor of making the EU succeed
Russia
Ofc the fact that she is manipulative bitch doesn't really help.
and Kevin
What about left-handed people though?
I don‘t know if it was actually for that day, but I do know that it was around christmas or at least the holidays
What sector are you looking for a job in?
It works with many people not from Europe (half of Asia for a start).
Non Bavarian germans are the same as, eg the English to Austrians.
The tourists are often only the house of Mozarts birth, but there‘s also the rest of the city which is soooo beautiful
* date of birth
From the ones I've been to: Nuremberg.
Just yesterday (or 2 days ago?) for "world woman day" they gave out
It was incredibly stupid to start smoking so early and easy accessibility helped with that
Ya purposely misleading title Man U suck
Schwedenplatz (Sweden square) in Vienna comes to my mind which was named after Sweden because they helped Austrian children after WW1.
Yes i agree totally, but the timing of this is just not on the point.
I guess I'm used to it because it's always been this way so it doesn't make me feel scared
But since they spend a lot of money here on their holidays we let them live
Although technically speaking, those ginormous halls of capitalism aren't super- but hypermarkets (and even though I hate to admit it, they're incredibly convenient)
I just dip the piece I am about to eat in it or spread the jam onto that piece
Not because what I just said above but because of the distribution the vote showed
Also, I learned the fastest way to empty a full bottle is by twisting and creating a vortex in the liquid
Who voted this bill into law -> European Parliament
In the long term it's probably healthy for stuff like this to come to light.
There hasn't been a dragon in these parts for a thousand years
He changes opinions every two weeks anyway.
real Coca-Cola, Red Bull, ice cream, and a varying stock of alcohol and sweets).
"Nevermind
Austria took about as many refugees per-capita as Germany and I am in support of that.
Their high time was between 1000 and 800 years ago
I'd like to hear some more people's experience with alemannic
It is open on the bottom
The highest I found was the Millenium Falcon for 799,99€. I‘d say the average is 199,99€ for a full set (aka most of them cost 199,99€)
Ananas or death
In case you forgot, the German people wanted Hitler as their Führer and he was the Führer of nazi GERMANY when he committed atrocities
But I think that's only because we have a lot of big and famous neighbouring countries, so it doesn't get that much limelight
i regularly go there by bike or car, have lunch and a walk
November 12th 1918, the proclamation of the 1st Republic in front of the Parliament in Vienna
North and South America have huge untouched parts
Aguja
Then maybe I'm just not looking hard enough lol
I also thought that I might have been to some on the list but I can't remember
I don't think you know what Nazi Germany was like.
Many Germans have a problem with understanding the local dialect I speak
Of course, I'm politically active, so there's quite a bit of running around and handing out flyers and what have you, but still
a quick search and I found around 2
Are there some special meme formats used more in your language/country other than what's "hot"?
Yes
And that doesn't only concern biology teachers, but all teachers
Lots
Berlin and Amsterdam are two amazing cities which are on the way from Copenhagen to London.
I keep eggs and milk in the fridge
Women with normal veils or that hair+neck scarfs.
Isn't Germany the uncle no one talks about over here?
([source]
They add little benefit but create unnecessary room for manipulation/malfunction.
Where there is equality and solidarity on the left, there is responsibility for oneself and others in christian democracy
It's also the German word for distilled liquor
What the hell was the "und" supposed to be
One of these
You‘re 100% right
>Heart attack rates go up after the clocks go forward
My bike's a 26" mountainbike
Sovjets suffered the most but it led to more suffering afterwards
Why do Germans always want to steal what is ours?
Haha I'm so sorry, I removed the BCS a few seconds after I wrote it but you still caught it
Talking with them you use their names or pet names
Russia
What happened to the pronunciation of the "k" in Vorarlberg?
Our books we just left at home - nobody used them anyways
Seemed to be quite the effort to rebuild the castle from scratch.
r/mapporncirclejetk
Lower the level of not-getting-asylum"
Lakes are just as lovely
TIL we actually [have one thanks to a recent crowdfunding campaign)
The first fucked up thing is the same as the Germans
The English equiv would be hobo, in that case (not redneck)
i think i'm smart enough not to get scammed ;)
Somehow* he got information on how high the bid of the competitor was, therefore his bidder could out-bid them and pay the lobbyist a lot of money
As if the truth ever matters in these circle jerks.
Denmark is just Switzerland but from a bizarro parallel universe
Am Upper Austrian and went there at the end of april again after many many years of avoiding it because of the tourists
The Norwegians are definitely better in that one
My grand father served from 1939 to 1945 where he was imprisoned somewhere in Siberia
I love how Austrian German can sound very nice and harmless, while being really graphic
niqabs, not so often, maybe once every two or three days, but i don't usually look at people a lot, so it might be more common.
That's not really something people care about
haha, he really was *special* (and fabulous).
I work in a Buschenschank and hear Mischung and Spritzer about equally as often per day, maybe Spritzer less, if not many people came around
Heard it plenty of times in carinthia
I find your *udder* lack of cowfiles disturbing
67 to 2
Well, there is much arguing, but most austrian people accept that south tyrole is italian
I grew up on a farm, so that's quite obvious
This goes to show that even among European countries, nationalism is handled very differently.
I'm actually just shocked that Austria is selling any waste to someone else, while we ourselves are buying it from Italy for Energy/Heat production
Almost every university (theoretically) has entry exams now, I had one to get into the University of Business and Economics
They are good, but definitely not a must have
I gotta work no matter matter what
Integration and assimilation are different concepts.
The Third Man is an absolute gem and uses accurate Viennese music
AFAIK most latino kids go to Catholic schools, that tend to be Spanish-only, with a single Basque language course
it's not like the EU would or could do anything that's compareable to the things one "united" country can do
However, it is quite similar in Austria imo
Interesting thread and question, thanks
Sending out robots to kill Muslims is worse and this happened the past decade or more without bans.
It's up for discussion soo much here and the retail employees get fucked anyways.
Not sure if anybody told you yet but stay away from Raileurope.
But i think we have the resources to filter the bad people out.
I think your "mixed salad" describes really well the motto of the EU:
OK, something super easy - Holzknechtnockerl(lumberjack dumplings):
what I do admire though, is their low level of racism even though they are all by „themselves“ up there, correct me if i’m wrong
> Yes, I know about the 1991 - 1995 flag
Plus, what do the students gain from the teacher just reading everything to them
Googling someone in general is not an invasion of privacy, in my opinion
at the old market I was pushed, yes, PUSHED by locals who wanted to get on one of the tourist boats
The name *Ostarrîchi* (Austria) has been in use since 996 AD when it was a margravate of the Duchy of Bavaria and from 1156 an independent duchy (later archduchy) of the Holy Roman Empire of the German Nation
Also I got my Phone stolen, Bicycle stolen, got beaten up once
Latin would refer to people from Latin America.
While it is still a border state, Styer is no longer in Styria, it belongs to Upper Austria now, and there is again no Empire
I wouldn't even say that WW1 is talked about properly
I think this was the one she struggled the most with
She wasn't even smart enough to be the smartest knife
When did they invade Switzerland?
Flemish is a closely related dialect of Dutch, Afrikaans is a colonial variation of Dutch, and AFAIK relatively intellegible
Like I don't get what you're saying at all
[His hands are so small but yet he's grasping for those big words.]
Suddenly I'm super happy about our Nordsee stores
Edit: it also makes sense
Have been using it for a long time and thought it was American
I do my best to prove them wrong by telling them about my travels :)
(3) The early development of an urban system and middle class in comparison to Eastern and South-Eastern Europe as a counterweight to nobility, gentry and church (4) The early existence of a free class of peasants who were not subordinate to a lord of the manor (5) A tradition of local and regional self-administra tion as a result of early political particularism (6) Cultural (i.e., linguistic and religious) diversity including ethnic diversity within states (7) Always tending towards the continent in political and economic terms (not overseas) (8) Late industrialisation in comparison to Western Europe, but early industrialisation in comparison to Eastern and South-Eastern Europe This allows the conclusion that these territories can be subsumed under the term of South-Eastern Europe because they are under Byzantine influence, although the long Ottoman domination has also left sustainable traces
They are usually next to the opera or next to St
In Austria you may alternatively say "Blunzn" instead of "Wurscht" (both things are used though)
Kaixo
Nuff said
You should stick to the pinnacle of German cousine: Döner and Currywurst and leave good food to the people like us
My Austrian grandmother says Krumpern too.
Oh no i'm so sorry
The word Austria is from proto-germanic
So Is the US, or germany, or austria...
Which
Belgium: your beer is the best beer in the world
Karl Renner was born 1870 in Untertannowitz (Dolní Dunajovice) in southern Moravia, then part of Austria-Hungary
(just sharing the English version of the article)
Sometimes they even have kids going around the train with a cup.
solely done because they try hard to adapt to your greeting style, but are weirded out hard by it because they've not hugged anyone except their partner since they were 10 years old
she's austrian, but not nearly good enough for that list.
And that's the angle they should be communicating from - save your *kids*, and by extention the planet
Cause we care about privacy
But your voter's notifcation card does
Please help, what is he trying to say
I am not well versed enough in French law and its execution to make a definitive statement on this though.
Cadillacs are driven to church, gun shows, football games and the oil fields, not school
I’m waiting for a train so I’m unable to perhaps express myself properly but I hope you understand what I’m saying, for us it’s more than just beer
What is Sackerl in Swiss
> Immediately, the hussars and infantry engaged in combat with one another
As with many Wiki languages, the whole Internet, and all other media, you'll find plenty of bias and lies
The only one you actually got right is the Burgenland.
Leopold, Duke of Austria fought in the 3rd Crusade.
Most people do 100 km/h (legal limit is 70) on very narrow country roads bordered by bocages
I'd replace Kurz with Sanna Marin instantly
If they don't come to an agreement then the treaties are simply cut and the UK is left on its own.
I dye your skin with ink, now you are even darker as him, that serves you right"
Well, its definitley legal to close the borders
nice airport, impossibly clean
I always use photos I took, because I take loads of pictures :)
Not a big difference
Libyans wouldn't be granted asylum anyways, so there's that
After a hearty breakfast at home we started driving.
I‘m a huge fan of Juventus‘ redesigned logo
Holy shit 40 degrees
Quadrillion = 10^24  = 1 000 000 000 000 000 000 000 000
An export nation against trade deals with a country like Canada.
I think it‘s just an official unofficial word
Other than that english memes only
1880s Austria as a city builder/tycoon game
Yeah, just discovered this subreddit and read through interesting posts on the front page.
&#x200B;
> If you say for example you have to drive 5 miles a day that means nothing to us
Though my Dutch friends can follow standard German easier
The slums of Austria
Not exactly neighbours, but close enough:
It's supposed to keep the people healthy and fertile
Freedom of movement for people and capital, anyone...?
Cost is tok high for the individuals using it but if you split it across the entire population it becomes a solvable problem.
Sometimes they come to close to the edge while grazing or slip and fall
&#x200B;
I've been there with school
Live at the beginning of the Alps, but in a valley
He's really short and overcompensates for it constantly
Germany = Deutschland (German-Land)
* "o weh
Other than that I've never had a bad experience and neither did my friends as far as I know
That's not the real channel of the Musikverein though - if you go to channel info you see that it is seated in Singapore, and only has 2 videos uploaded
I can, although I'm from a region with a bavarian-based dialect
I suppose planting them is banned in Euskadi
Hab' ich den Anschluss verpasst
"What
So maybe the curriculum has changed since then, but during my school days the Scandinavian countries were only mentioned in passing
Wasn't the "move to Canada" thing just something USAlian?
Yes
I usually mix up what I've learned to be the "Ostblock" - basically everything east of the iron curtain - and actual Eastern Europe
You should do a Eurovision song
They sound familiar, and I get some bits and pieces, but overall I can't understand it
Most judges are already busy all day
Not much to do there besides drinking wine, being a Nazi or swimming in some muddy lake
Or am I wrong
It has nothing to do with ham dude
pretty sure European was already advanced even before
//////Also Styria is the federal state that has the most festivals about Austrian culture
That's not what I said but nothing you have said sofar would lead me to belive that you are a guy for nuances anyway
Some people seem to think that Austrians are just relaxed Germans.
oooh yes these are hideous :( They recently renovated a few of them but it didn't help much :D
I once set my Steam language back to German to try it out and now play most games in German, here a table for what 'most' means:
I don't understand how anyone wants it to be dark earlier
The last sentence, no, a real Döner is with lamb/mutton and cabbage
I would probably die when I want to visit my parents
We are allready closing down schools
Yeah, that's so retarded
Below that it is kind of messy, it's a weird mix of student's IDs, [e-Card] both, passports and the like for getting into clubs
The food is more popular than the rest, yes; some people even regularly go to Ikea just to eat
Very interesting
Welsh is compulsory in English medium schools and English is compulsory in Welsh medium schools (although the standard of Welsh in English medium schools is lower than the standard of English at Welsh medium schools)
also: TU FELIX AUSTRIA NUBE
Ouch
Nein
Used mostly for when something is made in a way that seems crude, but actually works
Also there is an alternative in the
the falkensteinwand, great place to climb too.
Same is true for cigarettes and coffee
Of course it is a neighbor country but I have to mention Switzerland
...face the fact hat neutrality does not really exist.
Not really a breakdown but Covid coincided withebthe start of our new conservative/green coalition government
I can't imagine it
If you do learn from an Austrian teacher, and your pronunciation becomes very good, chances are still that Germans will recognize that you learned it in Austria
ah yes here we have the likeness of three world leaders, Trump, Boris Johnson, and that ass clown from Australia
it would say 80-90% of the way to quality weed.
What good is a societal law if it severely limits what an individual can to do defend him/herself and fight back?
"Has", which means a rabbit or bunny
Cold: 3 to -19
Space Mountain in Paris is 1000 times better than it is in Orlando.
The "Rauhnächte", the nights between Christmas and Epiphany are in some superstitions, they should be the time were the Realms of the spirits and the living are the closests but Most of them are neither still believed Nor widely known anymore
I'd assume it's what you'd get if you posted child pornography or something else that is really outrageous.
i assume it was made sure that she is under medical supervision now, right?
Or is it just a general hate
I just said said "enjoy your apple, my friend" lol
Which in a shocking twist of events is actually French
I wouldn't say they do it out of malice, that's a bit much.
I'm going to go skiing next week to Tyrol.
haha
Also don't go around jokingly doing nazi shit.
Sure the grammar is easy, but when it comes to pronunciation it's like you decided "fuck it, we don't need rules". Entitled native speakers really are infuriating
Bringing your deceased parent up left field is a bit  much German Direktheit though
Not to mention that Germany had to take care of millions of refugees when the eastern European countries used rhe opportunity to ethnically cleanse their countries and displaced centuries old German communities.
Same here in Austria
E.g.: Dutch "niet" and Austrian "net" ("not" in English/ "nicht" in German)
I have never heard of any single person who would have travelled from Vienna to Lake constance to go on swimming vacations there
Vater means father in German, but in Spanish it's toilet bowl
Why would you lie about something so embarrassing though
I like it
Nice to know it's been part of something bigger some day
how about *houmor*
Being from Italy is like cheating when it comes to stuff like that
It wasn’t exactly the first time the Allies pretty much sold out an entire country to appease someone
Of course, the Netherland has already the solution to the rising sea level
We should try to woo Switzerland.
Key would be nice for this map
Although the Bundesländer and counties are much more powerful it sometimes reminds me of French people complaining about Paris, since all decisions are made there
Don't confuse today's "nation" with what they understood as "nation" in 962, 1600, or 1850
Literally unplayable, cant even find my own house
Edit: German wikipedia says that the Kunstistorische (museum of art history) is bigger
another quick question, do you actually write the currency symbol before the amount
Everyone gets a "credit" card (deducts money immediately from your account, but is treated as a credit card by merchants).
Then there are some insults regarding one of the names that sounds similar to "Bidet" (Bideu in romanian - the place neart the toilet where you wash your ass
sadly that will end way too soon
Yeah, probably the map doesn't account for different education systems at all
when i google "russian slut" i don't want to listen to her speak :D
What infuriates us the most is that you assume that our nice austrian Hochdeutsch- expressions like Topfen or Marille might be just dialect words
Schnaps is also amazing
But imho that's petty because "Stein" is a common name part of mountain/hill castle in real life
I'm pretty sure Österreich-Ungarn would be better here
Maybe some memberstates want further integration without countries that constantly holding them back.
That is something that has happened to Catholicism in particular, and to all kind of religions all over the globe, since forever
I'll take Matteo Guendouzi and 1£
This pretty much sums up what the ZEIT does on a regular basis.
10h of Merkelwave
Costs of living tend to be high for food, cheap for public transportation
[A mother of 9 calling her kids to come down into the kitchen]
In Austria they really aren't rare
And that spelling is also usually a lot closer to the standard spelling than what "phonetically" doing it would be
Your hypocrisy is astounding
I haven't been a teenager for the better part of two decades but, again, what
Es ist in den Jahrgängen 1938/39 auch ein deutlicher "Spike" in den Geburtenstatistiken zu verzeichnen, weil wenn sich die Leute freuen, dann budern sie auch mehr
We already have had so much standardization in the education system
As the law has never been reworked, it is not very detailed
Ever since i read "The history of the world in 100 objects" i can't answer this for one country anymore
For me it would definitely be either the Sterische Harmonika or the Hackbrett
> Поехали
does anyone die a natural death in russia?
The what
Yes and no
Just not in most of Europe
[Yep] they helped create it with the assistance of a former Hitlerjugend leader and high ranking SS officer Sturmbannführer Karl Kowarik, who the americans just pardoned because he was useful to them
Romania for instance doesn’t. It looks like when they drew the new borders in 1918 they paid much attention to not dividing any cities
Schahmlos Karma farmen der Obraka :)
"Dude
They‘re kind of in the rise right now, but even so, people really don‘t care
Plus support for Catalonian independence would probably give Scottish independence also rise - and I guess you don’t want that
Becasue the German isn't going to buy shit Nutella if they can buy Nutoka.
I WAS CHOSEN BY HEAVEN
here it's, in steps of 1
Not the only nation
The ones who really wanna integrate will happily look for work
Look:
> Hopefully when Buren is president we will get less
Yeah ofc, my mom told me a bunch of while she was pregnant with me and of when she was pregnant with my brother but sadly she‘s very forgetful
Die Heimat ruft
"not the yellow from the egg" = not the best/optimal
Well the language in itself is a lot more similar to what they'd speak in eastern Austria, and for that matter also in Bavaria.
Dialects
Yeah I tend to not use any commas at all in English
I'm considering some specific globally diversified ETFs but I'd also appreciate any other suggestions.
Vienna:
yeah
A bit, lol
) ignore the difference in buying power and compare those values to their own income/cost of living
> You need to be registered
Generally yes, but only if those people meet the same obligations as my countries inhabitants (e.g. conscription)
valle dei templi is pretty awesome, but extremely hot in summer.
The horror
But a transceiver is a must
I'd say Café Central and Café Sacher in Vienna
If it is from a public water network, it is normally perfectly clean
Netter than Fillon or Le Pen, non?
But at least they got 1GBps internet
4 million in the market in a low fee vehicle
like a fairy tale ...
Yeah I have already heard that from a few Greek friends
You only think that because you only get to see the Vorarlbergers
I ll go there occasionally with my friends or family there just for eating a pizza or drinking a coffee  or to hang out there somewhere
Is that why they oppose the 12 hour day
It's just that we often get trolled here, and 9/10 times it's people from T_D.
"Scotland cannot discriminate against citizens of other eu countries
I think they should join Austria, together with southern tyrol
Fillon drew biggest rally ever but is supposedly falling in polls
Can confirm
Like getting robbed by a german speaking person
Same here
No idea if that even actually exists, but a nice word nevertheless
> why does everyone always keep insisting on translating everything literally
Many do it for leasure, it got a bit more popular when the e-bikes got more cheaper in the last years.
Slovakia's economy is coming along well
Who are also all Mexicans of course, but wearing txapelas, and for some reason they can't cook (which for a Basque must be very insulting)
I feel like I'm not going to find that on Duolingo
Answering for some other countries I know: It seems to be an issue in France, Spain, Indonesia, Japan
Imagine spending last summer with a fur coat on your legs.
There isn't one (major) party most people dislike
That's kinda sad, I really don't get why so many Austrians have such a negative attitude towards you guys
You don't know our many skiing superstars ;)
Pro: Pretty good standard of living
At least here in austria our chancellor is proposing some changes that will hopefully help
**Italy:** thank you for the food
It was just easier for everyone
Just because the governments before let a shitload of Pakis and Indians into the country doesn't mean the people wanted this.
We also have Canadian mods, we need them for Timezone coverage and to add more viewpoints to the mod team.
(We gave them a blank map from europe for this)
What's the point of claiming to be Italian, when you never really experienced the culture?
And what a poet he is
I'm not Danish but there's an Indie Rock band called 'Death Machine'. I discovered them when they played in a pub in my Hometown and they are amazing
One one hand yes - I want people who want to become Austrians to be able to communicate with their future countryman
The other sights are important, but the church has a special place
I have been arrested twice in my life (both times innocent) and it was not a very unpleasant experience to be honest.
Makes people think that you do not need someone from the far right to deal with outside forces.
Most likely its just an embelished story that soon became a modern myth
the price
Maybe every bigger city here wanted their own airport, it's better for tourists too.
But Hungary isn't moving in a direction that makes them great neighbours to have
She couldn't but instead of dying she turned into s wind ghost/silph as "reward"
Sad Schnitzel noises
Puma is the German word for cougar
Unfortunately only 723 subscribers thought - most people first find the fake channel
But the main problem of todays social democratic parties is them buying into the neoliberal turn of the 1980s and them stopping to address concerns like housing, equal wages, etc
As far as I know at least in Czechia an important reason why the population decline is less of an issue is that not many people left the country in the first place and the natural decline of the population is nowadays evened out by Ukrainians
And they really deserve it
Say whatever you want
Ha, der brave Soldat Schwejk, classic.
If it wasn't Austria-Hungary after the assassination of the archduke it would have been someone else shortly after.
You cant go there by bus, and the fees are exorbitant
Why not from Stermann and Grissemann?
Until Oettinger comes around
>other German people apparat from Austrians and Piefkes as well ;)
come to think about it, we do that for C (Kohle) if talking in an abbreviated manner about the components of chemical bonds and molecules sometimes
Edit: i got confused, the Bergeisen ist the chisel, Afaik it's the hammer is also called Schlägl/Schlegl
And it isn't like this actually helps your point, instead it undermines it.
I can't think of one honestly
lol
if Ireland, and Scottsland succeed it will only be a bunch of proper cunts
It's cool in the low regions of Austria too
Then they would be even against solar, which I don't see any indication of
It's not all that famous though compared to Glühwein
I love that city
Poppi	IT
Then she asked me there a lot of stuff we never talked about
Every woman and man who contributed to the space race is a hero in my book
One rare example where politicians showed some balls and did not let themselves be cowed into submission by fundamentals.
There are also a couple of high alpine roads.
Some more likely than others, but hey if you give me a plane ticket and a week off
But Obama is a deeply competent guy and not a whining authoritarian orange man child.
In my town I get one half of a newly built house (=shared wall with an identical half): 120 m², 5 rooms (3 bedrooms) and a smallish garden, no cellar, carport for 1 car
but that’s just my opinion
"How do we know which one's the Komodo 3000
The 24 official EU languages (i.e. the EU publishes its laws and stuff in those languages, and MEPs hold speeches in those languages) are: Bulgarian, Croatian, Czech, Danish, Dutch, English, Estonian, Finnish, French, German, Greek, Hungarian, Irish*, Italian, Latvian, Lithuanian, Maltese, Polish, Portuguese, Romanian, Slovak, Slovene, Spanish, Swedish
They knew that was insensitive, but found the arrest over the top
[Example]
Since the 7 year transition period is also over there is now no way to curb immigration either.
Müsste da mal die Oma fragen, könnt sein dass es ein Wort gibt dass nicht mehr im allgemeinen Gebrauch ist
Famous landmarks shine with the Tricolour.
Translates to "Let's look and we'll see
The first thing people would think of are "gypsies", and most of the beggars around here are assumed to be of such origin
when you don't follow the law, you have to expect to be treated like a criminal.
Don't forget that our dialects are of different origin than most of Germany too, which is a small, but still important difference.
Don't tell me that's faster with scissors
I believe they call this humour in Germany
For me it‘s the two Belguim Dart players:
Besides we have also the Alps in common and the love for wintersport
I like it
Probably not that experienced in wearing suits and has to look absolute perfect in a few minutes
Otherwise not really
However, during the drive there, it may be that the car where the bride is in drives to a different restaurant or bars to basically get drunk
They should manage that
This information is correct for Austria (also Germany, Switzerland), might be different in some of the other countries you're visiting:
000€
* Franz Joseph Haydn
One interesting German word is "arm", meaning poor but then you have "arm" in English which means the body part
A problematic one is a [Stalin plaque] on a house he lived in for a while, built by the soviet occupiers
Loved it, still like it
To be real, there are a lot of germans (who don't speak dutch) who understand my dutch better then my dialekt and i find that hilarious
The Planet doesn't give damn, it's about saving humanity from itself
I get what your problem was, but it's not hard to guess, that this triggers Austrians too
Also, drunk and stupid added together, always guarantees a good outcome
Das ganze hatte sich die KPÖ auch selbst zuzuschreiben
I think you'll find that if you talk about Ljubljana often it is easier to say Laibach :)
It's definitely a "disappointed, but not surprised" situation for me
Depends on which border we're talking about
One speaking a language that was written down by someone who was completly drunk
Many bike lane crossings with streets are very difficult to look far enough into to prevent accidents with fast-riding cyclists, for example
Many Germans have told me that a lot of Austrian vocabulary is understandable, but sounds really old-fashioned, like middle-ages old-fashioned
Also it is much easier to put a pot on a scale and add ingredients than to use several cups for measurements.
Especially since many Austrians are rather private people and are really bad at small talk which doesn't make it easy, especially for expats here
I don't know how I can describe it
I see older women (60+) walking by themselves at past 23:00
Cafe Sacher, Cafe Demel - I regularly see lines outside those two Cafes because they are so overrun by tourists who think they need to buy this one specific piece of cake because their travel guide told them to
Pressburg (Bratislava)
Warm: 21 to 25
If you've in Bratislava, for instance, you can walk up the hill in the old part of the city on the banks of the Danube to the palace.
So in my school in austria, we didn't have lockers
Church St
bullshit
They weren't a part of the military though
There is even a place where only a single house is german and everything surrounding it is belgian
Hochdeutsch ü,
A no deal brexit will most likely break it up leaving only england and wales in the uk
No it isn‘t? Up until the Matura, teachers have ALL the power because the system lets them make up grades based on their own individual made up rules
If you add a well, paper also beats two things --> rock and well
How about we pay health-workers the amount they deserve for the hard work they are doing
No, the premise of "we don't give a fuck about others" is as old as mankind.
Because in extremists kind of view, any kind of moderation is "the death of free speech".
You either linked me a wrong source or the Wikipedia entry is outright wrong
Carpets
Might also be important that teachers come to the classroom and not the other way around except for specialized classrooms for chemistry, biology, or crafts
These fuckers kill more people than guns, that's how delicious they are
there sure wasn't a lot of american influence in world affairs.
Austria also had a victim mentality up to the 70s-80s. But we had to admit that our people were not really against nazi germany
So even if the dividends are reinvested they end up being taxed.
I thought most of these too :‘D
That would need to change
Maybe everybody felt like they were in the sauna due to the heatwave
These are the places were misguided bombs hit
Atleast I've been doing it like that and I don't think I've heard natives pronunce it any differently
Good guess
If I were from Germany I would have said Coldmirror as well, glad to see that people still love her videos
both, the former is easier when combined with the later
We have the highest Alcohol consumption in the world, its weird if you don't drink
Ernsthaft: Da gings mit um diesen Neu-Wiener Dialekt
Don't forget slot machines :/
I grew up and live in a small village, the most notable event would probably be the explosion of our powder magazine in 1782
Yeah would have been better for everyone.
austrian guy looks out for germany
Kaiser roll, butter, raw sliced onions, thinly sliced smoked salmon
Logic and facts at work
you forgot the coffee ;))
Wos zum Teifi host du grod iwa mi gsogt, du klana Wappler?
I think I'm growing more and more fond of you guys : ^ )
Most important question for any of those cases: Is he good at football?
you don't use the word neger in everyday situations.
If only you knew that Vienna is pretty much the most hated province by us western Austrians.
Vienna: diverse mix between traditional/imperial and modern architecture, amongst the cities with the best quality of living in the world, kind of the Austrian Berlin regarding the fact that it's a melting pot for creative people
i love how the articles are 24 and 12 ;)
Romans and Gauls
wtf nazi connotations
Between: Doesn't exist
I had no idea that this isn't said in Germany
I can’t explain why, but I’m assuming in Poland it’s the same
> secular republic
So the other day some people had a political discussion and someone came to the defense of a certain vice chancellor and he used the word "Bevölkerungs Austausch", more like "Gehirn Austausch", am I right
Those people probably exist but are just a small fraction of the FPÖ.
Also, I learned the fastest way to empty a full bottle is by twisting and creating a vortex in the liquid
They still are very keen on their privilege of being an independent state with the German Federation having their own constitution etc
But you just can't reason them out of their mania
I have been to Germany only a couple of times in my life, and I hadn't seen it
second, there is like a million cafes and bakeries everywhere, all of them offer amazing pastries
However it always was directly noted with the price, not the small print
>.. eine Kurve, die scharf war, ...
How about your country
Internet seiten wie www
yes, I might need more than one word to fully convey the meaning, but no, it *can* be translated
* Krampus
Trump tried to get a grip on Russia, but failed.
>"Despicable Me"
It's not a repost
With Iceland they have a united economic zone
Obviously not every American weighs 270lbs, owns 6-8 guns and while they can name their president in 1834 don't know that Africa isn't a country that's bordering Russia or fail to do simple maths
I think they are a bit for tourism
Recently he's made a list of 15 people he knows that according to him should to die already, because they do not serve any purpose anymore in this world
I'm hardly ever cold, but short sleeves without jacket
In Austria we also call potatoes "earth apples". It's Erdäpfel
Southern Austria, I felt it lying in bed
Oh please, it went from being far left to somewhere in the rational middle now with actual discussions of problems.
(Edit: A famous thought experiment about comparative advantage came from this when the famous economist David Ricardo used the example of Portuguese wine and English cloth to advocate for free trade
I just know that one hreat-grandfather served and died in an US prisoner camp
It's about time honestly
>I've never heard of that happening in Austria, if you are connected to water service
Because that has almost more people than all of Austrians so the similarly in GDP isn't that surprising then.
How is Slovenia and Austria, Estonia and Finland or Czechia and Germany "significantly" different in culture?
haha, as if people would seriously consider eating it without
Tücher = tiachln
We share quite a bit with them, but those similarities are more pronounced in the western, alpine part of Austria
But that doesn't mean that we want to participate in military alliances like NATO.
Otoh we do wear a lot of Tracht and Loden - Trachtenmode has even made a huge comeback over the last years
and Frauenstein does in fact allow residents of any gender as well
I have a car that I maybe use twice a month.
you should be tortured forever
But Austria still had the idea first and having 2 flags that similar will just confuse everybody
I do remember singing it in kindergarten
So they are kinda like the French
I can agree with that
"A e i a!" would mean "Oh so me too actually
I knew that Vienna around 1900 was
I went to an exclusive german speaking school in Oradea
¯\\\_(ツ)_/¯ )
Late marriage was more or less considered family planning
Green: Biology, Chemistry
"Steiermarkerisch" i don't get either
Thats not a German saying, thats the name of god in parts of the bible and used everywhere in the world
We don't have a bin for plastic.
Totally traumatized
If that is the case, as Viennese myself I am calling for our independence!
In fact, it is so commonly used that some words, like „Mädchen“ (girl) have become standard
Andrä vor dem Hagenthale in Lower Austria
What do people expect
Also the private universities have a reputation of buying yourself a degree when you can't make it into public university
And I wouldn't want to have it any other way.
97% of the time
The Allies were just as spineless and corrupt as the Nazis were
Every time I think I have heard the weirdest thing about Austria, I learn something new that’s way weirder
Understanding spoken language is easy to me, when reading r/BUENZLI I sometimes have to imagine the word spoken out loud to figure it out
A lot of talk but no actual plan and that is different from caring about your country, because caring would mean to have at least a rough idea about every political matter instead of some slogans regarding foreigners
Da hat sich seither aber sehr viel geändert und getan
But it is what it is
As far as I know there are no extra fees or the like when buying USD funds, but I will check again.
We used [Mål 1] in our basic Swedish class.
I can still recite the first stanza
You're just inviting chaos and enabling populist posturing at the cost of stability.
Wow, women really spend way more time retired compared to man.
True, but it's an "austrian solution" ("a österreichische Lösung"), so it is pretty easy to get a "Metro Card" and thus get around this regulation, from my experience.
> and most people in Spain are against it
Cadillacs are driven to church, gun shows, football games and the oil fields, not school
> An Elfe is more like a pixie in german while an Elb sounds a bit more majestic
(Turn yourself home); Geh da di Radieschen von unten anschaun!
7) Fish them out, let them dry for a bit, then put into the pan with the bread crumbs and coat thoroughly
But that is literally the best game in the world so you're not so bad
From year 1 to year 13
Don't forget The Third Man and Before Sunrise
Live in Australia at present but am a sporting shooter and hunt.
That we started the First World War, and blamed it on the Germans
I think you will have to turn this in a debate about religon or muslims - if you insist on muslims hating gays.
You're welcome
But it's always our fault
I have been living for more than 12 years in Vienna now and I have never been to Schönbrunn
And there are even austrian commenters in that comment chain calling us Italians backstabbers so it seems to me that it definitly concern some austrian commenters.
Old bases either are continued to be used, or are left abandoned
One of the most sympathetic traits of my culture is, I'd say, our "commitment to congeniality".
I hope that you can see the difference between France telling the UK and Ireland to fix a problem cause it will affect a member state and Britain telling Spain to fix a problem In which it has no discernible interest at all
I honestly learned so much from [this video] arte is an invaluable service
The incident escalated to the point where the whole army retreated from the imaginary enemy, and Holy Roman Emperor Joseph II was pushed off his horse into a small creek
You're just the slavizised Austrians to our austrianized Slavs
Really
YES, this has always been my dream.
Sometimes fruits or cones/small branches from needle trees (e.g are used as flavourings or to make the stuff look more attractive in the bottle.
Not *that* many I think
I’ve also been to Czechia, Slovakia, Hungary, Slovenia, Croatia, Greece, Italy, Vatican City and France (if Corsica counts)
Warning: like all responses in this comment section, this post is full of stereotypes, generalizations, and subjective and biased observations
The basic weapon is the Steyr AUG ("bullpup" in Counterstrike).
Reminds me in this
How are you guys doing over there
dude you need to visit vienna if you like drawing interesting architecture
\> Lmao if you dont come out sabina will come inside
Oh look, another refugee article with kids in the thumbnail.
It's a German brand, but the formula they use in Austria is very different (fruiter and sweeter), and 100x better than German Frucade
The majority opted to go with Austria, because it was mostly inhabited by German and Croatian speakers, and they wanted to be in the same country as their closest biggest cities, especially Fürstenfeld, Graz and Vienna
Fernweh, is my favourite German one
Could that be that romans brought the female godess but celts had a male ? Anyway thanks for the idea
Burgenland
Laxenburg Park
Austria has mandatory military service, I got to shoot 3 bullets...
idk how to call them made out of twigs (Usually Palmbuschen I think
3 microstates with monetary agreement
I think slovenia wouldn't be happy if we would try to get a coastline, and italy doesn't even give south tyrol back so i don't think that they would give us the righful austrian kingdom of venice-lombardy
The Nazi's just made it very clear from the beginning that a NO vote would not end well for you.
Don't know what everyone is on about.
The one in Afghanistan was a peace keeping and humanitarian mission tough
Bad Radkersburg wird durch die Mur von Gornja Radgona getrennt
Does anyone have a solution to this
Oachkatzlschwoaf (Eichkätzchenschweif=squirrels tail)
they still haven't managed to get back to 2010 levels.
Like seriously, I think the importance "the talk" with the parents is blown way out of proportion, especially considering how most parents don't even know how to appoach the topic themselves
It’s becoming a problem in the alps
It's not offensive in the slightest, just a tradition
[Hulapalu]
They are not going to reduce terrorist attacks or gun crime by banning magazines above a certain size
Hiking is different
Greek and Russian
Mustio	IT
When I was staying with a family in the UK for about a week, they once made pizza and acted as if it was the most normal thing to put not only ketchup, but also mayonnaise and other sauces on it.
Edit: fixed translation
The locals played the good hosts, fed the Germans well and got them drunk with their strongest wine, which they weren’t quite used to
Pretty sure he didnt make a deal with the devil or smth
I wish it was more common to openly state your intentions when you are on a date/getting to know someone, because I think this would solve many, many problems people have today
Italians are extreme tight-rope-walkers and it's really very fascinating
Well, sort of yes and no
But I actually like the EU
you ain't the boss of me
Imo this only applies to numbers you don't know/recognize or people you are not on a first name basis with
(/s)
In Vienna a lot of them do it
I don't remember if it was July or August
And that our language is infinitely better than our neighbours' language to the north
the rest of Austria :D
But the farther north you go the more unintelligible it gets
People here are afraid when a bear is spotted
And it would be in Austria and not Australia
However most Latinos live in more industrialized areas anyway, where there's also more working-class people from Spain proper, who came to the Basque Country in the 60s and 70s and never really bothered to learn Basque (also bc it was illegal to teach the language until the 70s)
Who would win:
Here people who live in a city and aren‘t farmers are considered weird
Kern was still an unknown quantity at that time.
I'd be very surprised if the EU allowed any chlorinated chicken to reach the continent this time
Yeah ... we did that in the 5th (= German 9th) grade
Buy a train ticket, look for a hotel/AirBNB while sitting in the train
I have witnessed several cases where the waiter brought mineral water (sparkling of course) when you just order "water".
I spring into cold water in *Singapore*
People simply (and wrongly
It's called 'Buchstabierwettbewerb' in German, and I think it would make much sense with either long composite words or loan words which don't adhere to german spelling rules
Dude, Kosovo is recognized by almost every EU country and even if it isn't, it's certainly not ruled by Serbia in a way that would make the data applicable
- A Bulgarian pacifist
rental's close by, and it's cheap enough for a few hours
Austrian German: Stuhl - human shit
If you think they‘d differentiate between fission and fusion, you are wrong
I doubt that would be allowed here.
Electrical stunning and slitting of the throat is the most reliable way to painlessly kill the animals.
Fest gemauert in der Erden Steht die Form aus Lehm gebrannt
There is an European Budweiser an there is an Ameri...
Not exactly a horror story, but I was visiting a friend in Berlin and we planned all kinds of cool things and places to go, etc
And America has to [overcompensate] ... again
Btw, Austrian tongue-twister even difficult for natives:.
And I still sometimes think Belarus is in France
I took Spanish classes in high school where we started off with grammar, so I've got a basic knowledge of that
But I tried to explain the difference to my American relatives and in the end they said "OK so taxes
Technically the Vienna Forest, particularly Leopoldsberg, is the very last northeastern tail of the Alpine Arc
I just want to watch NBA, not join the Marines
First of all, money doesn't automatically equal a (harmful) use of ressources
- I like skiing
Everyones just raving about switzerland
I Always wonder which of the Sn and Zn is Zink and Zinn (tin)
It managed to stay important even throughout military conflicts due to fortifications, political support by surrounding areas, and sheer luck
In Vienna: [those dudes that stand around in front of the Opera and Stephansdom] badly "dressed up" like Mozart or whatever and aggressively selling "authentic experience" concert tickets for e.g. the Mozart Orchestra for horrendous prices
Stealing the bride
An englishmen asked me what my favourite light-beer is
There are also "beliefs" on how to clink with different types of beer
so" – wasn't there an echt fett sketch about this
So if you don't know ABC yet it's unlikely that you know these other things and first need to learn about these (and they again have links to other topics)
I'd say Hungary, but as anyhwere, it really depends on the region
My girlfriend always tells me within Spain Catalans are famous for being ratas, moneywise
Never heard of a Polish shop or specifically Polish groceries
Yes, winter tires are obligatory during winter conditions from November to April.
I always though duct tape is the large stuff
The [Kruckenkreuz] symbol of the dictatorship 1933-1938
Me too/so do I.
Orimattila	FI
You'll either get fined or beat up
Hedgehogs, rats, weasels, foxes, badgers, ducks, squirrels and more
You're kind stuck with their shit if you work with them
Nah, the wonder of Córdoba was in fact " The Brother War - Round 2" but this time we won so I would say it's more important (and probably more known)
They are definitely not under the same scrutiny as other brokers, since Degiro is not a bank - therefore they don't need to follow the same regulations.
They are both at around 10 billion every year.
well, I have a painting of him and Mary and baby jesus figurine for the
Prosecution says that the lobbyist then split the money that he got from the bidding company with said politicians; but there is no hard evidence
Read the party line from the green party
There the water is not always good
Don't say that
Trump is the light version of what is going to happen to the US system if they continue down the path they have since Carter left office.
Idk how correct that is but the starting salary is around 4-6k so why should I pass on money that would be dumb or
I understand the feeling though - i always lock at night, not even because i think anything could happen, just because it feels nice
Getting up to get some water, then go lie down again until the room stops spinning.
I grew up on the countryside but we kids had to share plates and the grown-ups didn't order more than main course and maybe shared a salad
I really love doing weekend trips and theres only so much you can do and so far you can go for a weekend
I would say the changing of the B-VG for joining the EU would be considered a change of the "heart piece" as it was a so called "Gesamtänderung der Verfassung" in 1994 and therfore needed a referendum
I'm really wondering if people ITT have never used a sharp pizza wheel/knife, because cutting a pizza with a sharp wheel takes like 2 seconds
It's strange as it couldn't be more Austrian but as somebody from an area close to Salzburg I would say that Vienna feels foreign, at least for me
you're a bunch of jokers in here
The people living there would always revolt.
Agree
Corruption also isn't invisible, at least in the long term
The german dialects I all understand without any problems
", Meaning that you just start something to get going and then decide on details during the process
As an Austrian I was obviously very lucky as a kid that I was able to talk my own native tongue at school :)
Honestly I also would love to visit North Korea
Was depressed after 10 minutes
I think a lot of people like german because of Rammstein
Is this really not a thing with Italian keyboards
Djibouti and Timbuktu are used for that in (Austrian) German
If he can play up the “savior of Turkey“ spiel he'll get votes
Three times the charm
I think trust in the government might also be a factor here, whether people believe the government is in control of the situation, so there is less need for personal control
I once had somebody say „Das Wetter ist schwul“ instead of „Das Wetter ist schwül“ because they didn‘t have umlauts on their keyboard
Went to look for the Christmas dishes, saw that Germany and Austria was lumped into one paragraph with a Christmas dish nobody has ever heard or in Austria.
Just enjoying the show and how UK goes down the drain.
Had onion soup couple of times
Starlings destroy tons of food every year
" English are not citizens of "other EU country". Basically, denmark could say: All EU citizens except Danish citizens can got to uni for free". Of course nobody does that
I think we don’t have mandatory vaccinations - but to have access to a lot of social services you need to have an up to date “mutter kind pass” (mother - child pass)
I once had somebody say „Das Wetter ist schwul“ instead of „Das Wetter ist schwül“ because they didn‘t have umlauts on their keyboard
Stay the fuck away from the closed slopes(?) unless you want to die
Fair point, but in this election there were > 10 contested states.
Our oldest documented building in town was built sometime before 1164 and the oldest church, along with a castle were built in 1438
History gets rewritten all the friggin time
In Austria in some regions we use Doppeldeutsche Karten which would translate to "double german cards". It doesn't surprise me at all that other countries have other decks too
Österreich ist eine demokratische Republik
(Referring to your terminology, that definitely also exists in Europe.)
I just wish we wouldn't import all this gender extremism from countries like the USA, and instead work for actual equality
> Italian - albicocca
Tesa is just sticky tape or the brand name scotch tape
Just the basic „Sorry, traffic jam“ or „Sorry, bus was late“ is usually the main excuse -we don‘t usually give reasons for running late, we just say „sorry, am late“ and that was pretty much it-
And of course one of the most famous mummies "Oetzi" is some 5 thousand years old
- Same with "griechisch" (Greek) and anal sex
They have become fed up with the chaos at their borders and since USA or NATO won't clean up, they are finally doing it themselves
If thats 20, idk if im gonna survive the 36 that are coming later this day
This let to them slowly drifting apart, even though relations had before been pretty close and peaceful
We had them in high school, but nobody ever used them instead we just left all our books on the desks in our classroom
Theres no better Name than middle of the week ?!?!
What do you think about that
So it's really just the same conspiracies from the övp today as it was back then
Can I attribute it to the “bluntness” of the culture
Sigmund Freud Museum
In Kanada steigt das Interresse an Mennoniten Plattdeutsch besonders unter den Nachkommen der 1870er Russland - Kanada Ansiedler mittlerweile wieder an
I might be very mainstream with choice but Sacher Torte is my absolute favorite
The hunting shop catalogue my uncle gets also has guns in it and is mailed afaik once a year, but they don't send it to random people...
If you can just change to the other side of the street or something like that
I'm actually buying ETFs one at a time, but the Investmentplan would be fine as well.
I don't consider that a good feature.
He stayed with them for a couple years (even after the war had ended) and visited them again decades later
Russian, Polish, Hungarian, Romanian, Bulgarian, Croatian (and Serbian
-**proper bread
* If I‘m correct (if not, correct me), we were the first european country to banish the death penalty
I LOVE milk, i dink it literwise whenever I‘m home, god do I love milk
at all
Luxemburg has actually the second most in the with 24
... I can understand that
There were only a few tourists (mostly from England) when I've been there in 2012
I remember that the 1991 entry, [Thomas Forstner's "Venedig im Regen"] was considered to be a real stinker by everyone around here
Areas like schleswig-holstein and thüringen have less in common then austria and switzerland
&#x200B;
That's the craziest and stupidest part that always really bugged me: they aren't anything but ordinary teachers but expect to be spoken to as if they were the most famous uni profs.
This emphasis on republicanism was a big deal in 1919, when this CoA was made
Aida - Triumphal March
They heard "pfiat di" and thought it was the alpine version of "fick dich", thinking people just casually insulted each other as a goodbye
Among the 3 discounters in our country, which are Lidl, Hofer (Aldi Süd) and Penny, I'd say Hofer is clear nr 1, followed by Lidl and Penny
It sounds like Berlin is the place for you
What's your crying problem all about then?
well i cant believe that i say that but lets hope the SPÖ...
She probably still teaches it like that too
I need mountains and rivers and less people
During the Battle of the Bulge, his small tank was hit by an allied anti tank
Ha, I had an Santa Fe Superchief toy when I was a little kid so I fought US was the land of cool trains, the whole Western movies turning around trains and tracks didn't help to correct me
So the last few presidents have often send troops and basically acted in "warlike" fashion without it beeing war
If you slap enough money on it, everything can be made the best
source that mark, john and paul never heard of jesus being born of a virgin tradition
Mütze = haubn
"Don't pull the devil by the tail"
Strache claimed for years, that they were displaced from there which makes no sense and is just another example of how the FPÖ uses resentiments to make themselfes look sympathetic.
I don't see much of a benefit over directly buying ETFs - You should still know what you are actually investing in.
I was bored during the lockdown and created a "how to divide Austria" map
Sad Anschluss noises
I am always  happy when a German who lived here for some time adopts the essential phrase " es geht sich nicht aus" I don't know how you can live without it
Fyi, Spain is about the size of Texas and there's beautiful places everywhere, and you can do anything from a beach holiday, over hiking, cultural city trips, or even skiing in winter (a little bit at least)
i guess 'retired-ish' is still correct
a hendlhax
this may will work but there are probably better things.
Except for the day with the 10 classesthere was no lunch.
Lol
Looking at the Moldau towards Krumlov I assume you'll be fine
Not even textbooks
Generally in German we make everything, we don‘t do
still I play along (because you should never be rude to the people preparing your food), but secretly I despise him for that
I've always seen them as "uniquely American".
The big difference is (and that’s the game changer in my opinion) if you loose your job, you loose your insurance - if she becomes unemployed she still has insurance
Every vote should have the exact same value, because the people vote, not the state
Really
I spring into cold water in *Singapore*
From the richest go the poorest people in town
You make your flair all honor
Anyways, if also people in Italy are hungry by that time, why put a bandaid on instead of go to the root of the problem = have dinner
I think he is talking about cross country skiing (Langlaufen)
Thumbs up for lappa
That's why I asked if you actually pronounce "Verstecken" as intended
basically Germanic peoples are nerds
> In May 1915, Italy attacked Austria–Hungary
Tbf most German dialects and Luxembourgish are pretty much mutually intelligbile, right
(postponement of the redial of the run-off for the federal president)
I don't see why this question is worse than any other.
it will start (or has started) simple with english words getting a meaning in german, which will get "eingedeutscht". since those words, which are obviously english, are now official german words, there will be more people who use other english words in a german sentence
I want the templer ottoman vs the assassine viennese in the second siege of vienna
Technically when he rose to power he wasn't legally Austrian
Really depends
Am Austrian, it's both die and der Butter
they are pretty tall
to blur the bodies of persons in front of women's shelters or churches and gardens behind high fences)
Austria thinks the lake belongs to everybody, Switzerland wants clear borders and Germany doesn't care I think
I believe you
Lol, somehow I've heard this only from germans, never from my own countrymen
1.) About Le Pen and gay marriage: (garbage source, but i guess you could read it in her pledges)
Thanks for sharing that
Even the fish producers in Austria I would call farmers[ since that's what they essentially do.] There is no relevant amount of wild fish.
So the family gathered around wihe pb-glas, each with a spoon to try it.
Austria:
That are the terms which were agreed on.
I think that paying taxes for Healthcare is the best solution to that problem
We try to go every year to see what changes since our last visit
I've been to Napoli last May...the traffic there is literally one of the worst I've ever experienced in Europe - adding snow to that sounds like "gg no re".
Also what I would say especially for Austria - can't really say that for other places - is that casual racism is kind of prominent
That would be very nice
Itnsometimes happens when you talk to people who don't know too much about classical music and / or don't lieten to it
I can relate to this
don't forget Malta :(
Unsurprisingly, it's not working
Ethnicities in the Empire, especially in the cities were just too mixed to portray them as one and one nationality alone
Also I knew that in some countries it was very uncommon to show flags or nationslity openly (such as my own), but I never would have thought them to be so many and that the Netherlands would be the exception
if austria won 1:0 instead of losing 0:1 austria would've advanced and eliminated germany at the same time at a euro cup played on home soil
Just flush, dip and wash
The first blood moon I had in that game was the scariest shit ever
Common, even though a lot of it is slowly being eroded by standard German words
In German it's called *Fachwerkhaus*.
you need an odd Number of things to choose of to be fair
Good old you afterall lol
If you want a bag for your purchases, ask for a Sackerl
I pay about 5€ per pack
Well, it was mostly salmon, potatoes, parsnips and chicken
for Austria it's only after your high school finals
Yeah, it has its problem districts, but which city hasn't that
> It refers to the dialects spoken in Flanders
The Via Claudia Augusta runs right through my town and the beautiful valley around it
Last but not least we have the part of the ÖVP which does care for workers rights, because many people inside the ÖVP value the work of their clubs very high (Volunteer Fireman, Musik Clubs, Veteran Clubs etc
LOL, I can guarantee then that it was not the tap water that made your brother sick
Rosenberger produces fire Trucks and Special utility vehicles
I think they should join Austria, together with southern tyrol
Also, in medieval times it's sometimes hard to state what the "capital" of an area is when there's multiple residences with shifting importance, and no administration of the nation state in the modern sense yet
My boyfriend is Colombian and oh my, he eats a lot of stuff that makes my poor Austrian heart crumble
Either Faroe Islands or Svalbard
In reality because my last call today was with a nice serbian guy and i wrote my reply on the way home after the call
And there's no real way to be sure on how much you'll have to pay, ie you can't really limit your losses.
Both systems can can lead to equally rational and irrational law.
I mean, in the warmer areas you'll have lots of homeless of course (facilitated by the climate), but they're not as loud/crazy/aggressive as the ones we seem to have here
No that would be hostility - as the UK would interfere in the internal politics of another country - the same as if Spain would help Scotland to gain independence for example (which it doesn’t do)
That aint right
Except you are from Vorarlberg than it's easy
If by "originating from Israel", you mean the country Israel which was founded in 1948, I guess, yeah ... idk
Second thing which I thought could be pretty unique is that our economy relies on both industry and tourism a lot
and for districts in the state Salzburg
Fair enough
People simply (and wrongly
I'll wait, I'm not a cab driver
His shows aren't documentaries
And what do you want to tell me with that anyway?
Other than these big problems, articles can be quite useful
I just couldn't resist
my answer to this question as well
Sure not all are that famous and gigantic as the domes, but if you take my little 2000 people village, our church is as well a timeline of our villages history.
cringe
IT does Look classy as fck
>Is there a "law" in Germany where you have to give priority for the car going upwards
I'd rather have an inbred Habsburg than the far-right nut Job we'll probably get after the next elections haha
USA
Border
Is that what you do in Finland?
Wouldn't South Tyrol be austrian, you know, back together with North Tyrol?
Not a little bit
Mislead supporters and willing enablers
Declaring war on Serbia in 1914 proved quite the "bruh moment" in retrospect
It's a clip from a German satirical show that shows how the insurance lobby persuaded German politics that private insurance is "much more efficient" than one single governmental insurance: [Die Anstalt - Versicherungslobby vs
I'm gonna go out on a limb here and say without checking, that Vienna is the answer to all 4 years that have been asked
Aja stimmt, hab ich voll verdrängt
I just specified in my original comment that it only was part of germany for 6 years
I know, Soleimani caused many deaths, but still, you can't just assasinate him
When subsidies ran out these factories often simply closed up shop and moved elsewhere
That's the kind of person who makes a good precedent / warning case.
But I'm fairly far up a mountain and on the "shadow" side
Regel 3:
States don't elect the president, people do
they do collapse again in informal speech, at least down South:
I just dont like most Belgian beers, even through my Belgian friends swear by them
Bavaria = the better Germany and Austria = the better Bavaria
My parents didn't lock their cars until the cars got the remotes and became self locking
But those will vote for him anyway, because they never would vote the SPÖ, Green party or Neos
Honestly, quite a lot of what has happend the last few days was pretty unthinkable a few weeks ago
Those sites are blocking you because they refuse to comply with the GDPR
The problem is actually not the fact that they want to be no EU member
Just build your nuclear reactors at the polish border and were good.
Don't know if they also own farms/land, but I would assume they do
Give it a few weeks and Schulz gets the Absolute with high energy.
The [Unipark] of the University Salzburg is also pretty cool
You cannot compare the total votes to how the outcame would have been without an Electoral College.
No, generally kids don't pay rent as a point of principle, especially if the parents own the property
Yeah that sounds about right
100 	g All purpose flour
I think this shows how a politician from such a tiny country (junker) managed to become a top EU politician.
&#x200B;
I was in Rotterdam, the Hague, Amsterdam and a few smaller cities and Texel back in 2019
Also the video showed some coke, and him acting like low life drinking and smoking
Yes, but i assume that the state has anti discrimination laws.
Even tho video games are obv art
Shame, [I thought trolling was funnier] Ah well, at least I had fun.
Verona > Berona > Berna > Bern
Agree
Ah yes the Burgenland
Hascheeknödel are obscure in many parts of Austria
And Alec Baldwin basically trying and failing to convince his younger self that cheating on his girlfriend with Ellen Page is a terrible idea is also very funny
Can confirm, I have never tried it
But our neighbors do the same thing.
But then again, just drink beer, so you won't need a straw
CK II, either Vikings or one of the Spanish Kingdoms
Sure, we're far from innocent
For all your famous dry humour some of you Brits get get riled up remarkably easy.
Are there any official communication channels from the EU commission, that give details about what that deal will most likely include, or what has been negotiated so far
Are your politicians aware of this
ÖVP | **5** | 0 | 0
To serve vienna schnitzel with fries is also really common
hope I can visit soon
Its ok to let people pay for certain treatments, but the USA has taken not one but many steps into the wrong directions
Boy scouts are Pfadfinder
Its pretty much a lifelong process to learn them
I remembered that when I read your post
though
Golden Dawn is quite a bit more extreme than the FPÖ is.
I hate when this happens
Being here would require french people to speak English
A half eaten fleischkassemml and a six pack of the cheapest beer you can find, as well as the fact that slovakia with burgenland sticking out of it would look hilarious on a map
Voters in deep red or blue states are often not going to vote as it doesn't matter much.
If there is another war involving Europe the only interesting launch sites are on uboats.
What are these fucking protests even about
Like Ignaz, Matthäus, Genoveva, or Alma
Why do you think its hard to implement
5 and France on third place 11
"Warm" meaning appropriate for north pole expeditions
Afaik prices in Poland and Romania are equally low
&#x200B;
&#x200B;
Nice
What, i m not denying that Mongols were from Mongolia.
The law was created to prevent, that there would ever be someone, ore some party or stuff, who tries to pull the same shit off again.
51%
when we hide and then forget him
etc
* Female deaths caused by smoking in 2016: 8
The floor on street level is the Erdgeschoß or Parterre or Ground floor, in some buildings have a Hochparterre or Tiefparterre a ground floor that isn't actually on the level of the street (above or below)
They are then rolled in crispy fried sweet bread crumbs
And it was clear that the UK would leave
Sadly true, Vienna's mayor just confirmed it on national TV
As I said I don’t know about Germany but if there were some actions to be made it would probably need Germany for that as their are firstly the bigger country and secondly Germany has way more people that speak actual written German
Thanks :)
Merry Christmas
Do that many people in Danmark have a garden
If you don't pay thousands of dollars and wait months to go to the process of renouncing your citizenship you'll stay a citizen and will have to pay taxes
Spielzeug - play thing - toy
the discussion ended when i was trying to explain to him that what he described as " witchcraft" wasnt something that was accepted in ireland, nor anyhwere in europe, to which he replied he didnt ask for my opinion.
The thing in South Tyrol is, you can also get good italian food
but maybe I'm just saying that because I'm so used to also havinv three numbers (among a few others nobody knows about or remembers during an emergency)
It's not the rain that makes you wet for Austria.
I can only speak for myself but I like Finnish music
I'd love to see either everything completely up-to-date or even that fever dream of running only FOSS in public institutions but in so many cases it's just not very realistic
We also cannot get reptiles shipped
And I like the smaller college-towns
Every guest would then bring something along with them as they arrive, be it beer in cans, bottles of wine or something like vodka/gin/schnaps
000 in Prague
This is the Streetview coverage of that area, France is to the West, Switzerland to the South:
Also noting that the great cities in his empire prosperd harboring great artists and thinkers
*breathes heavily in Austro-Hungarian”
He thought of himself as a German, so no.
Well, "Die Provinz" is a much more fitting term actually used by people in Vienna
Oh, tell me more
dont know where im going with this.
Walking the 10 minutes from the train station along nice baroque buildings and then being surrounded by greenery along the Traisen bike path, I now like it more than Vienna sometimes
Tips are where the grammar is explained and it's just not available in German, for whatever reason
And as Switzerland proves, even different languages are no obstacle to a common identity
Very disingenuous
And have another beer with it
Where is "here"? I'm not seeing a link
And the owners of the garden don't want to constantly pay police fines for noise disturbances
> ThyssenKrupp
> Naked Hog Chasing
... if you believe what is said about him in the western media ...
Yeah, it's pretty common if you ask me
I guess I didn't see all departments or something
it looks more depressing now tbh (still pretty tho)
For some dumb reason, we just have a bunch of those and not one single insurance body for everyone
But those idiots decided that you don't have to pay when buying the music, or the book or whatever, you have to pay when buying (empty) storage
I think "foret noire" or "Schwarzwälder Kirschtorte" is of German origin
I do not take any responsibility for possible brain or ear damage
I'm pretty sure it's Mariupol
Butthurt conservative media is satire in itself of itself
A dude called Andreas Gabalier is pretty unpopular with most decent Austrians; not only is his music rather shitty, but he is also an open patriot and sympathizes with our right-wing populist party.
From what I've read they are about as fast or faster than gas burners in heating up stuff
Just fyi: It is still March 30th in Europe, we have 2 more days to go...
What I saw being mentioned in one of those threads where girls were replying on how to deal with this is to take out your phone and pretending to be on a call
Oh, and you can remove the pit of the apricots by poking them from the top with e.g. the handle of a wooden spoon or something or just making a slit on one side (though the larger the opening, the more juice will escape)
Thus, this informatoin is useless because it can already be found in the wage agreements, which are public
A crown for aristocracy, a hammer for workers and a sickle for farmers
It's fine, I was a stupid teenager and it happens
It may have been better to leave them as they were, but without Europe, those countries would not have advanced over the pre-medieval civilisation which they had before colonialisation.
Also (so, as in "so, what now
And what Uber does (Scheinselbstständigkeit) is in fact against the law in Austria, it's just that nobody sued them for it yet
Really
It's a [masterpiece]
You can get up to three days for death of family members/funerals, your partner giving birth, weddings, and moving house
There are more than enough muslims all over Europe that actually enjoy the freedoms they have while still practicing their religion.
The other great grandfather was sent to Ukraine
lets just say it didn't work out"
I.e. the Freedom Party
That wouldve been cooler
That is a very uncommon thing here imho
Those titles are giving me a headache
With my friends back then, we used to build 'houses' in the forest out of sticks
Most of Austrias exports come from here
I find England to be very dull to visit, but I think that is because I have been many times and there is little new for me to see
were also at war
Käsekrainer
Dumplings made out of ground meat and rice, wrapped in cabbage leaves, eaten with sour cream.
If the other language has sounds that are not part of you first language you will probably never learn to speak them correctly
let's go with it".
An austrian that actually likes germans
In Austria a roasted goose is the traditional dish for the day and children doing a St.
Good for you, perkelebois
The old people said leave, the young prefered stay
The words are also often the same so sometimes it is enough to just dutchify a German word.
Mandl | ÖVP | 663 | **pro**
Hochdeutsch ü,
> near innsbruck
Living in Austria, I have relatives in Germany that I visit 2-3 times every year
And politicians are just being polite
Potential Anschluss jokes aside, I think this is a touching gesture.
Most nation nowadays use there english name in foreign relations, that doesn't change the fact that the official name stays the one in the native language
But still, the event was special enough for little me to remember it even almost two decades later
Yes, the cows blocking the road definitly should be sheep, how dare they!!!
if things are not too big, you'd probably try using a normal station wagon with the seats folded down (because of storage space, station wagons are quite common here, don't know why that's not the case in the US), or putting it on the roof of a normal car with some bungee straps or tension belts
at a quick look on Ebay I saw a German set for 12€ and an Irish for 20€
Oans, zwoa, drä, fia, fümf, segs, siem, ocht, nä, zehn, ööf, zwöf
There are some very dark stories about the soviet occupied regions in austria very oppose to the other regions under us uk or french reign
It can mean fabric, or material or even a substance
Hm, in Austria the Austrian Roma + Sinti are mostly well integrated.
Thanks Germany for taking the main blame for Hitler
But "everyone hates them and no one uses them" is plain wrong
No islamic terrorist used legal weapons, neither before or after the magazine ban
But i think with the spread of Asian cuisines throughout Europe eating ducks was normal everywhere
The Roman Empire, Habsburg Empire and all those Empires is about the most we learn about countries that didn‘t do something globally that affected us or are neighboring us
The girls were hot, they know
Also, feel free to correct or improve on what I've collected so far.
As the breading soaks itself
At the last stop the tree is sold in an auction which pays for everything (buying it is more an act of philanthropy as the tree has to be prepped for being pulled and is basically very expensive firewood)
IIRC Slovenia's economy is among the fastest growing economies in the EU
What did we do again
Go right up to the border, that's what i did anyway, i think it was on one of islands in the Wattenmeer
The victors of WWI and II shaped the post war world.
Jesuitenkirche (Church)
If you are on the right you will dislike the Greens and SPÖ. NEOS are the odd one, because they are neo-liberals, they attract progressive people from the left and economically liberal people from the right
I feel like if you want to find the origin of populism in Austria: the anti nuclear movement might have been it.
I believe it‘s very unknown outside of Austria and Styria but Bad Kleinkirchheim
We have a surprisingly big Drum 'n' Bass scene in Vienna, and the clubs playing this kind of music tend to suck the least.
A common sentence if you want to rudely tell someone to leave:
I moved in and out of the country quite a lot, every time I move back I stay at my parents place until I find my own place and they never charged any rent
After it was build, the gov asked the people if they want it
I like to do that with idioms
You know what the lyrics of that song are about
Mind you I was in London mostly but still seemed to be 1 on most corners where I was spending time.
Bosna
They are really expensive and the horses barely have rights or good working conditions
For me it's not hard at all, but I know a lot of people who still struggle with pronunciation, spelling and grammar, even after 8-9 years of learning the language
griaß eich
What do you mean by that
Houst dou mei kernööu gseng
German Stuhl is a chair, Russian стул is a table
We started both world wars, but don’t tell anyone
Another nice example is schwul (gay) and schwül (humid)
Got it
2 of my 8 favorite neighbors
It must have been 1987 or 1988.
Österreich I alone has already 12 episode á ~90 minutes
Neither of the etymologies have anything to do with wine, which is a common misconception
1" (<- edit2 because the mental retardation is strong today)
But in reality it is the date the Austrian parliament passed the neutrality law establishing Austria as a neutral country
Just seems wholly unnecessary, even if you wanted to sterilize transsexuals
What a dude
It's just the english word handy, yet in english it doesn't mean phone
If they have to touch the doors to the gas chambers
Du kimmsch vu Bregenz und lebsch iaz in Galizien?
Honestly, GB never comes to mind with regards to awesome meat.
well since people romantice the past and I didn't live through the majority of the past 100 years it's kinda hard to tell...
I agree and it‘s very sad
[Look how cute he is with his ears
Even in school the only time the whole continent was talked about was 1) when the "Out of Africa" theory came up in biology class and 2) when history class taught us about colonialism
I began at around age 13, mostly beginning in video games
The Germans finally claim Hitler to be their citizen
It means both Romance-speaker and Celtic-speaker, depending on the context
So if wanted to go to a KFC it would be shorter for me to go into another country cause I live closer to the KFC in Munich than to every other KFC in Austria
But they know nobody else does.
lol
EVERYONE does it
Also the fact that Vienna has seen some insane price hikes in housing ate up whatever little growth Vienna produced.
I'm a true believer in evolution - biological, social and economical
Thats not debatable imo, but thats a nice view, humanity won the space race
so that's what it's called there
Yeah I am also quite sure they will pull out of Europe, especially since the European Union is just the [second greatest economy of the world
The teachers switch between the class room
Tomate and Kartoffel are German and not Austrian words in my opinion
You would even say "du" to a doctor or an old lady
After his death his grave was relocated to Nanjing
You have to be blind or really stupid to unsee it xD
> not a translation
well they did make her home adress public, saying that she's a "willing" girl, and i am by no means a fan of her work, but that's just a tad bit exaggerated.
Two syllables
East and southeast Europe needs better train networks
But even without that happening, I'd say fairly frequently, if not every day then certainly every other day that US is on the front pages
Honorary mention: [Pumuckl] although I think the TV-show and the audio-books are more popular than the actual books/stories.
That's the most british comment in here
"Nevermind
- Turkmenistan
guess it also depends on the district you're in
It often takes knowledge of a city or the right pages (facebook, instagram) where to look
Could very well be that the winner isn't clear after today.
I had a small pink Tom&Jerry bike
He merely states that he is not automatically prepared to fight for countries, who by themselves violate their obligations to the alliance and that is only fair.
Nobody was ever born in Braunau
Check out Austria and Czechia
It almost looks like they are trying to block people from going there
Wenceslaus I of Bohemia settled German experts there to modernize the Agriculture
*Dschohn mäid his wäi tu ä täwan zru de dark forest, onli tu feind aut dät hie vorgott* ^(I like how you changed the f to a v, so it resembles "vergessen" more closely) *de manni*
Haven't heard that one before tbh
This goes for all political sides on this platform.
In Romania it’s Frutti Fresh
I mean, its very nice of you all to explain my Culture and History to me but its getting a bit tiring
And of course I offer guest slippers to everyone
We don‘t learn much about WWI either, my education about WWI was literally this and I quote: „About 20 Million people died, now let‘s move onto WWII“
No wonder they are miserable & bitter, with faces like that.
I had a small pink Tom&Jerry bike
I wanna say we'd probably only win because it involves drinking beer
The Austrian head of state, is elected for a six year term and is limited to two consecutive terms.
The grocery store doesn't move between states or cities)
I'm not a Schlager fan at all but Griechischer Wein is a master piece
Only when you can see that there's supposedly a road through the snow
For example, deGiro [operates in 18 countries] (not in Lithuania).
I have no idea why everybody keeps claiming that
normally I have to buy and then refill them at home, but now I will be able to fill my own bottles directly
Jaaa das war ja uuuur leiwand
Just underlined my decision to never buy one of their games again
Luxembourgish 85%
I'll most likely vote for the [ÖVP]
The first 3 points probably come down to their own history with Basque or Catalan independence
>You just don't wanna acknowledge the fact that the idea of Austrians not being Germans was fabricated in the last 100 years
That depends on the kind of church you are talking about.
Was a bit more ambiguous than that with plenty of groups being really invested in the Empire and its system
Luckily the balcony door was open
Southslavism was severely threatened and almost by that
But the Gendarmerie was no paramilitary formation in contrast to France
Well that was before the election, so it doesn't count anymore.
I prefer the climate down under anyway.
Also schools for Kindergarten and elementary school teachers
I actually knew at least one of the artists mentioned in all the other replies, yes
Both were full time
Weird that we were so late though
Especially Italy, since it was the very heart of it
Bad schnitzel isnt allowed its a hate crime
Now watch the German government preventing them from doing so.
And check the weather before you do
>But they're the friendliest and most hard working people I've met
If you like this kind of stuff, you should subscribe to /r/travel .
Their software is written in Estonian Python, with very little documentation and gets updated/published after elections...
- the transistor
It's a normal bus for everyone not a special school bus
I've never seen that video, herrlich, Bierbauch vorraus, danke dafür!
I think most will start drinking at 15 or 16
Yeah, I think it's similar in Austria.
As you can see in the recipe, there's no sugar in the dough and you can't always depend on the sweetness of the apricots
a redneck is not the same as a "country bumpkin", in your examples the defining connotation of lower social class is completely missing
A funny one is "Hatsch" which sounds like "Hadj" and means a long exhausting (and sometimes senseless) walk
Why would you say that your dialekhkht sounds harsh-kh
I think it's cute
"Schnittpunkt"
If nearly none has to do work and suddenly - do to what reason so ever - the robots break down, we would lack the skilled and experienced workers to keep up the work.
A lot of countries don't have a system of dual education and in some you get a Bachelor (counting as tertiary) for a job that is only availabe via Apprenticeship (secondary) here
And they have cute corgis
It doesn't get enough attention from travelers, imo, and it's cheap and beautiful.
[Covid-19]
I think the advice on tagesgeldvergleich.net seems very solid and is probably better than what anyone here can give you - they seem to put a lot of effort into their analysis.
Yeah sounds like you're on to something
maybe I don't get the question but OP asks for native names, not names from another language converted to your native language, or am I dumb
Unless you have some "concrete" numbers this discussion is completely pointless.
I don't think most little kids in German speaking Europe would even grasp the concept of "latino". It's not like they explicitly mention it
There are subs for each country and those are mainly in the native language
I don't want to run into a Syrian
Never had any problems, and I used to live in  generally "not so nice" area and I never had any problems walking Home
Pretty much every survey ever finds that the majority of muslims think that atheists should be punished (often by death).
I have been asked by family members from rural regions what kind of weapons I wear use to survive the constant attacks in Vienna
Not having a change log or developing in public is also suspicious, since it is hard to understand what got changed why.
Thanks
Defined punchlines in youth culture in Vienna for years
i was always very bad at it and forgot it mostly, but i'd like to try it again sometime because if you can speak words in one slavic language, guessing what they mean in other ones shouldn't be to hard.
My third one is the Czech Republic
Reading reddit and other places you may ccome to the conclusion an American woman needs a diomand ring by all means.
Everybody gets taught to _not_ use Handy for cell phone
I know in English they're often used interchangeably but they're different things
Growing up also meant losing this perception fo the US, but even today I still sometimes hold on and think "There are actual people who were born and live in the US
I wonder why people oppose this ...its not uncommon and its actually a good thing.
People said the same about Hitler, all he did was talk a big game, no worries.
Also, I'm really sick and tired of being told to call my congressman
All they want to do is solve the overpopulation crisis guys, why all the hate
I know that argument requires a little bias, but still
puh
Everywhere else in the country, it worked fine.
And not everyone lives in a chalet and eats schnitzel or something like that every day
The relation between Germany and Austria can be compared to the English and Scots, or Yankees and Southerners
At least the övp still pretends to have social ambitions
yes, the good old *Idiotenapostroph*
Second that
I feel culturally much closer to Slovenes and Italians than Northern Germans
left Slovakia for Austria couple of years ago because well eastern europe :P it's 270km from Vienna to my hometown so i can still visit my family pretty often
id call that a win-win situation for us
If you are able to do that I don't really care about your background.
The rise of the FPÖ in the 90s is mainly a product of the refugee crisis in the wake of rhe Yugoslavian wars.
"Eventuell" translates to "possibly". That's still something I have to actively think about when I'm reading a text in English
Well guess I have to lesrn how to swordfight or K have no future
The only restriction the USA have is speech that directly leads to violence, which is almost never the case.
Edit: before I get shit about the inaccuracy of my post to clarify: number one rule when you don't want the taste to go too much into the water
If we used AE pronunciation, we were actually told that we were pronouncing the words wrong.
But my favorite is translating
There is basically no difference between Bavaria and Austria.
"Damn Scots, they ruined Scotland
Err, than I have no clue what flag that is
So it's actually evened out, but I still prefer the version without well
You can store your ammo at your range and you can of course take it elsewhere.
Germans - Saupreißn
Something about evil spirits and good luck for the winter
I mean, they have the esta or what it's called for ages now which is basically a visa anyway (potato, ) so they are not upholding their part for the whole EU anyway, and I'd love for the EU to finally do something about it (apparently we're going to introduce an esta for Americans too, but that's just stopping to their level instead of having visa free travel for real)
Yes, I know about the 1991 - 1995 flag
- I'm polite
I don't know what they are waiting for.
The way you pronounce the name Eugen
Edit: u/Big_Dirty_Piss_Boner has their facts straight
But all jokes aside - otk is alright
a classic "Pest oder Cholera" situation
Most tyrolians see most of upper and lower austria as one dialekt while i can tell you at least down to the bezirk where someone from the waldviertel comes from just based of the dialekt
that's how i saw it since i was a kid, and that's how the law seems to see it.
Never heard of something like that before.
several times where there are two places with similar names, except one name contains Big (Groß) and one Small (Klein)
They just haven't fucking been able to get quarantine working
I'd like to see Europe after 50 years of extreme nationalistic governments.
Die im Reichsrat vertretenen Königreiche und Länder und die Länder der Heiligen Ungarischen Stephanskrone / A Birodalmi Tanácsban képviselt királyságok és országok és a Magyar Szent Korona országai
I think that's all
Alright, I'm both an Italian and a German citizen but I live in the home country of my grandmother: Austria
There isn’t really a standard handwriting here
By car: Depending on the country, you either have to buy a sticker to put on your windshield to use the Highway (Like in Austria and the Czech Republic) or you have to pass through a toll gate and pay to use the highway (Like in Spain or Italy)
The big European nations are all somehow like that.
Not exactly but they were well respected for being rugged and easy to fix
Also, Hintertupfingen (behind-tupfing,a fantasy word) in Germany and Austria
>Idk I know back then my brother always had those big
Otherwise the EU-28 average of people living in flats is [42%]
If you're commiting a crime because you're an idiot you are still commiting a crime even if you don't know any better
Sure he can
I didn't realise that at first.
The other one was drafted in 1941 and was then captured by the soviets and spent many years in a Gulag
The family who owns it, is from downtown Naples, and the father was a Carabinieri there for 30 years, and they barely speak anything other than Neapolitan
My heart is beating like a jungle drum
2 isn't "far more" than Luxembourg's 24
The so called "Landstraße", though it is only one very long street, not a housing block like in the video.
It's a really fascinating time in our history, to be honest
Nothing against Amsterdam, but I seriously doubt it would rank in the top most visited cities in the world without coffee shops that sell drugs.
there is the [StudiVZ] for German speaking users.
The Planet doesn't give damn, it's about saving humanity from itself
whoops haha
Weil der Austrofaschismus – im Gegensatz zur NS-Zeit – ein nach wie vor politisch umzanktes Tabuthema ist
One time she took off points for a correct answer on a test and when I brought in proof that I was correct she just shrugged
I think the word is actually from the russian, but i may be mistaken
I know how often you have to refill the soap in the men's room, and it's not nearly frequent enough for every 3rd person to use soap in there
Yes and there is a separate one for each religious group
I don't want anybody else, when I think about you I touch myself oooh
Yeah and Northern Italy isn't poorer than Germany, France or the UK
also
I wouldn’t be proud on the execution in ex soviet block states though
We do though
Why sell profitable companies
And after the off putting chlorine smell during my first shower there I didn't dare to drink it anymore
You could easily do the same in Scandinavia.
If he now panders to the left he will lose the voters of the far right that he has cultivated but If he moves even further to the far right the moderates are going to jump ship to the Neos
I'm amazed it's still holding together
At first, they started spreading rumors about VdB suffering from Chancer and Dementia
H.C. was impeached (I guess you'd call it) and new elections were held in September
Wow that's dark
Ironic
Private infrastructure only makes sense if you have a choice.
(And nothing beats Augustiner & Stigel as one other poster said)
Since when are people only allowed to get irritated by stuff that affects them
I regularly get mistaken as either German or Australian.
We had our own fasicst dictator called Dollfuß in Austria between the two World Wars
It's ok if you don't like our dialects and our pronunciation of Standard German.
But it needs to get off the shelves, otherwise you would have to lower the price with the storages filling up with kraut
Do you think that I lie to you and that Austrians want to join Germany?
But there is also room for your own reading lists
Hütte = Hiddn
Ik vond altijd dat Nederland het schoonste land van alle was
*looks at flair*
He was actually not wrong
Literally the only redeeming thing about it is that old tower, and that's it
The funny thing is this very conductor has been conducting the Neujahrskonzert with the Wiener Philharmoniker on multiple occasions by now
Whereas Catalan is "merely" a regional language
Zu spät, der Abschiebflug geht in einer Stunde
Germany: your way of pragmatically running things right without much of a fuss is awesome
- Angola
Yo, what about the ÖBB
That huge crack in the shaft looks painfull af
The question remains: Was it ultimately used to help the people of Ukraine or a few businesses/geostrategists
But I could totally see why you would want to wear them, it was often times icy as fuck
and that's why i hope the EU will push harder to ensure that civilians don't get access to guns
What I wouldn't give to have our own language, so we could watch movies the way they're intended and not with all characters sounding like they're from Germany
Sehr gängiger Ausdruck
It is, but it can also be translated to personnel, so it has a nice double meaning.
What a surprise
Thank you for the chocolate, the cheese, and for making our dialects look like a piece of cake
Yes of course
Why they elected that clown
Walk past any public school & kindergarden in Vienna and then say that again.
Okay
On the countryside in Austria this is different
So you potentially have the option of marrying for love
If you can't draw conclusions then I can't help you :)
probably because they couldn't.
Memories of Barney or memories war, both sounds terrible in its own way
England has 11 years of compulsory education, ending at age ~16
Neither caffeine nor aspartame are exceptionally harmful
So just a regular german dialect like most of us Austrians or is it something special
that's why I have her facing away from the bed lol
fuck
i guess it's actually more along the lines of "whatever")
Du liegst der fälschlichen Annahme auf, dass sich neue Schulden negativ auf das Wirtschaftswachstum auswirken würden.
To serve vienna schnitzel with fries is also really common
Tell me you're a German speaker without telling me you're a German speaker ;) "wer hat'n dir ins Hirn geschissen
Austro-Hungarian flag is pretty nice I think, tho without Hungary it would be very pointless
I'd definitely go for buses when you are on a budget.
I see, Prekmurje is like the Slovenian version of the Austrian Burgenland: used to be Hungarian, flat as fuck, rather poor, Hungarian minority
There is no man behind the curtain.
Makes interesting drawn videos about random stuff
Hallstadt
If not then everyone will dislike you greatly.
Is there any kind of discussion about it or people people complaining about it
Yeah, on the countryside it might be that people have more of a problem with speaking English, but in cities or villages near cities it‘s very common to finde people below 30/35 or smth to be able to speak english very well (for one because of tourists but also because they‘re more likely to have a job in a big company that most likely requires some kind of basic english skills)
Umgekehrt natürlich genauso
Romania and Bulgaria both suffer from the fact that a lot of emigrants are those that have not yet reproduced and if they never return both countries are stuck with bad demographics
It becomes less popular, but at least it seems we are one of the heaviest smoker.
One can not be a full worthy citizen of multiple countries
Being "tiny" isn't inherently a disadvantage, as the headline seems to imply.
It's especially annoying in Vienna, were you are basically obliged to do that greeting to friends of your friends (although you may have never met them), as if they were your best friends, and if you don't do it, you're considered rude.
Ja echt extrem schade:(
Now that i am writing this i notice that this is kind of similar to the federation in star trek lol
But we have a rather small but special one for technical fields for mountain industries „Montan University“ in Leoben
with 5 million people that's around 15 EUR per card, that's not that bad
I wonder why it became the friendly go-to greeting in Austria/Bavaria.
Do Syrians like the global attention they're getting and did it somehow improve their lives
It just isn't sexy to be German since 1945.
We definitely count that one for our most disgraceful too
All of my neighbours spy on each other but are not covert about it
It's almost like real-life acting jobs.
Declaring neutrality is one thing
Our defense plan is just a less effective version of the swiss plan tbh
First learned it in school, improved it by excessive internet consumption
The fact that I grew up in one of the quarters made up of ugly 70s *Wohnblöcke* (think Neue Heimat) surely didn't help :D It's a pretty little old town, surrounded by a lot of hideousness
I got another one for you:
But in a more intimate setting among friends, it can come across as stiff or tactless to be totally on time, sharp
-- but those aren't really affected by the current system either
I guess there's also schools where it is 50:50
Still, I liked the Nibelungenlied
I realized how *Brenda's Got a Baby* by 2Pac was about a girl who got raped by her cousin, got pregnant, had the baby in a public bathroom and dropped it into a garbage container because she was so overwhelmed, only to retrieve it later and then start dealing with drugs to make a little money
Although English would work just fine there
Third place isn't exactly winning.
Sopron/Ödenburg was planned to be the capital of that region, but opted to stay with Hungary
When I started travelling to other cities when I was younger, I was so surprised to see how people interacted both with me and among each other
This isn't accurate anymore
etc
Now I don't say that's all people
If you fall behind on school or get fucked up before work, that's definitely abuse and should be changed
But in the ones everywhere else, no
Parola	FI
After the WW2, we basically applied the collective guilt on them and deported all of them to Germany.
Edit: Also most classes are in the same room, just some have special class rooms (music, arts, physics, biology and chemistry)
Thats everything i know about the occupation
Colloquially, the genitive is dying.
Literally unplayable, cant even find my own house
Well, sleeping in your car might not be allowed, but you *can* do it.
yeah it's like that here
Zahts di gach in so 5 Minuten hinta da Jet a bier einestoin
* Lastly I‘d say either a lil bit of Serbia or a lil bit of Entente overall (if that counts) bc they equally divided Austria into 4 parts from 1945-1955
For the sake of completeness: Austria participates in the NATO Partnership for Peace program, and Austrian soldiers were deployed in Afghanistan along with other NATO peacekeeping troops.
* issuing authority
Here, they don’t even sell these 5l water jugs like they do in Spain and Italy
TIL
No, its not common in Austria
Once and for all: What are the correct English terms for a person/language/adjective of your country?
I only know that a lot were filmed in Vienna, but are supposed to be set in Hungary or Checoslovakia, probably because during the cold war it was the closest location without entering the eastern block
It is more about having one day they can spend with their family
that guy does not believe in God or the Afterlife, even though his 300 years old house is full of Marias and crucifixes
solely done because they try hard to adapt to your greeting style, but are weirded out hard by it because they've not hugged anyone except their partner since they were 10 years old
Belgium is unique of course becuase of the Flemmings and Walloons thing
>  displaying a European flag is the counter to this and can be used to neutralise the negative association
Nothing will change
I'd say learning about our many attrocities is much more important than individual battles but alright
The worst thing about this is that it's a bunch of neckbeard teenagers on that sub
After the German Jewish comitee complained they removed the ad
Somehow I completely understand all of what you said and also see how you can differentiate between Muesli and Müsli in spoken language perfectly but at the same time I think this is nuts AND very interesting
And I'm spoilt, here in Vienna we get spring water directly from the alps
An example that fits me personally: Chemistry
That's the problem with most of these "English proficiency" ratings - they usually use the answers of people who already take a test and are willing to improve their skill
Is ma blunzn
Ordering Windows that are not like that will probably be more expensive because they don't make it otherwise (if they accept such requests at all)
maybe add flair, so these questions don’t occur :)
soviets destroyed 20k+ out of 30k churches in Russia and were atheist state.
You see this kind of shit regularly on reddit
I think many people were pissed off that they had to vote for a 3rd time becasue the FPÖ appealed it.
It's OK, in the cities it's common to commute and in the lowlands at least young people commute to school and elderly use it to go around.
(But I may be wrong)
I'd be inclined to agree if the WMD argument had not been shown to be complete and utter fabrication.
For the people I know: because they got these addresses since a _long_ time and there is no nice available name on gmail any more
The first time i talked to dutch people (it was on the tyrol-salzburg border during my holiday 5 years ago or so) i thought that they spoke some north german dialekt and they don't understand my dialekt
Under the Franco regime Catalonia became the economic powerhouse of Spain and Italy tried for decades to industrialise the South
When did you begin formal education in English?
I'm already learning dutch (but haven't studied since a few months due I'm also learning cebuano and this language has more priority in my life rn)
I always thought the Poles hate that building because it remembers them on the soviet time
Raisin buns are much better
The law here specifically says, that every unblemished adult citizen shall be issues a license for 2 guns for self defense, if they apply for one
What's "the millionaires" in French
>Austrian as a national identity distinct from German was only born post WW2 when everyone wanted to distance themselves from Germany and it's Nazi reputation
as long as they have kebab, let the idiots do whatever they want.
Well, I think we won't even have enough people for a separate Austrian Financial subreddit.
Here in Austria every adult has the right to own a handgun for self defense at home
But with the EU it's all history anyway, or at least should be
We have horrible [suburban sprawl] where you can't be in nature without seeing a building (except mountains and north eastern Austria)
It can happen, that specific bacteria concentrations get too high every once in a while
He said that “Irish unification would solve Brexit problems - but it’s not up to France”
Nah, doesn't sound weird at all.
Diesel
It's a shame Art12 didn't get more spotlight
Except South Tyroleans for what it's worth
I unintentionally crossed the Austrian-Italian border by car with only an Austrian learner's permit (L17)
Depending on your age and how far you want to travel, consider getting a Vorteilscard (20 Euro) since it halves ticket prices.
I think Dialects are also a big meme potential, especially Wienerisch and Vorarlbergerisch
You are welcome
Did you only speak to folks 35/40 and up
Scotland wants to leave you because they want to remain in the EU
Next election the FPÖ might even vanish under the limit nessecary to get into the parliament
I still don't understand why people need to shop on Sundays.
beeing a good football player or orera singer also helps
The EUs endgame is to be incorporated into another even bigger entity.
I would say yes definitely
Honestly I loved Paris, but that's probably because I had no expectations
Because even for a layover, you have to have to meet certain requirements for entering the US etc so to me that seems to make it not really a domestic flight.
One Word
Some parts are fabulously rich, but others, especially in the countryside in the villages and towns that aren't tourist traps, are depressinly poor
Schraubn or Schraufn in Carinthia
Imho they did good that the translation sound oldtimey German
Same as Germany
He always talks about the *Permafrostboden* up there
It is a youth plan though, I think the standard price would be 25€.
Some of them have extensive intriguing history ofc
You forgot your røget ørred med røræg (smoked trout with scrambled eggs)
Don't ever ask again about Braunau
It is definitely possible but uncommon
I was born in Vienna, and I know this song
People still using Fahrenheit: Wow that's really cold, poor Spanish
I used a break of a few hours to visit Notre Dame on the way between train stations but had to cut that short as i had to catch the last train towards Scotland
Don’t see where Auschwitz is a wonder
They always told me people are very nationalistic, so I just assumed that to be true
That gives a whole new meaning to the [Pacific War]
I think there is a tendency for more multicultural areas to loose their dialect more quickly
It was about the conspirators, not about the assassin (and a few other things)
That's the very nature of separation of powers.
That explains a lot about nordic people's behaviour when they are here
So, no, i'm not annoyed at all
It's always better to have the initiative.
Goodbye Lenin to blame for the first?
We even introduced border controls for mushrooms, because the Italians are picking tons and selling it in Italy
All the others were from today's Austria:
Also things that are on youtube but are no youtubers like peter klien
The troops fired at every shadow, thinking the Ottomans were everywhere; in reality, they were shooting fellow Austrian soldiers
But tbh everybody around here is from a rural area, is a farmer etc etc
I know, these are more dialect phrases rather than phrases used in the whole country, but I hope someone is interested in these
I'm pro vaccinations but against any forced medical procedures
After all, the most pro-EU Austrian parties (NEOS, die Grünen, SPÖ*) all voted against article 13 while the popultists either abstained (FPÖ) or voted in favor (ÖVP)
In Austria there are people qho say that men and women cant be friends, but I think theyre the minority
So why shouldn't we be allowed to call ultra nationalists racist
That's a problem then
Don't go into the mountains unprepared
Even Steam had a "Finland Anniversary"-Sale :-)
I don't know, I'm hardly ever in Linz
I would never want to leave Austria without a good reason
Depends how often people are putting ~~usb sticks~~ discettes in that thing
> ohnehin
> Though kinda as a side note; At least for Sweden, the English knowledge is often overstated to my experience
In the sense that you could smoke it next to the police and they wouldn't care
Not sure about you but I'm relatively certain that there werent billions of refugees.
* [Backe Backe Kuchen] was the favourite of my children at that age
If ESA put together a manned mission to the moon, Mars or even an asteroid that could happen, but as cool as the Rosetta mission was, that's the only major ESA mission I even heard of
Idk what the system behind it is really
In Austria the most common thing to say would be:
Der Nuttella here
We‘ve also got the [Tiroler Schützen] and every village has its own marching band
We do
Enjoy
According to the wiki article, specifically the british and the french
Also Burgenland because there are 2 names for each village/town
see my comment [here]
Basically the idea is that kids in kindergarden don't care about the gender of their friends, but between ~8 and ~13 they segregate into their gendered peer groups for some reason (that's also the age where kids show a lot of tribal behaviour elements)
We have seagulls at the danube.
If you read the Expanse books, you'll see what I mean
It's horrible what's happening
You're pretty close but you've got some things not quite right, which I'd like to explain.
i think it also has a lot to do how easy they are to pronounce
The „birthday of the zoo“ is said to be July 31st 1752, when Emperor Franz Joseph I. Stephan first allowed friends and other visitors to go into the zoo
Those people are opposed to him for various reasons, but they don't really *hate* him, which is the whole point of this thread
And after that with river Po ending (I think
The beach was pretty nice and the food was good
Language isn't everything
Standard German itself doesn't have any that I could think of right now
Its easier than you think
If you‘re in Austria and see a festival where people wear traditional clothing like Dirndl or Steireranzüge, then those aren‘t paid actors
Gummitwist, I almost forgot about it.
... could work ...
The ones who really wanna integrate will happily look for work
*Tons* of loanwords in German, obviously most of them English.
We have very few immigrants from any of these countries so I don't think there are specific stereotypes about them in Austria.
There are many ways to say it here but the most direct one would be „Fertig oder nicht, ich komme
As I have said in another comment, it often seems you are torn between 2 families: Europe and the Anglosphere.
Or is it the only real boring form of skiing?
Archduke Johann has also a very good reputation in Styria, hence his huge modernising efforts
There was also a good amount of religious opposition to the Nazi regime
I really enjoyed the first Bourne movie for that reason (the European setting)
yknow 2 cars are necessary if both parents work.
"Almost nobody has one" is a bit of an exaggeration, nearly [10% of Austrians] actually have it
On my mothers side: great-grandfather was a master carpenter and served in a pioneer regiment
Will the exchange rate be the same for different online brokers?
I thought it was one bullet to the back of the neck
Can you give concrete examples of these areas?
Other good examples for hipster lingo come to mind, mostly in English and especially in connection to the whole "art of manliness" movement: bespoke; artisan; anything else
I love the tea from what-cha, it is not heavily branded though.
Don't think that's going anywhere.
His deleted comment said "fucking commies...must be horrible living in Graz"
> Oberwart (hungarian: Felsőőr, croat: Borta, romani: Erba) is a city
Yes
As they renamed it removed it from the map :(
I would call the sauce (or in good old Austrian "Schmier") just gravy
Laesio enormis ("Verkürzung über die Hälfte" "not being worth at least half of it") means that the thing you buy must at least be half of the value of the price (with certain exceptions)
"Ich laufe zur Bibliothek" --> my first reaction is to think of a burning library or something
And you only have to pay with your firstborn not to mention that most ISPs are introducing download limits or already have hem.
I mean Vienna is also hated for being a dirty crime-ridden hellhole
In my 5th grade, yes, we had a cooking class, they showed us how to do simple thing, gave us recipes, it was a cooking class, and it was "mandatory" (isn't enforced or something but you have it as a subject)
Don't get me wrong, I don't think Slovakia is super exciting or anything, but I just barely notice any difference when crossing the border apart from the occasional commie blocks like in Petržalka
Vorarlberg, the Tyrol and Upper Austria have been black since the 1870s.
Why do atheists think they are
>doesn't sound too good
It is good to know that I am not the only one feeling this way
As an Austrian, I tend to say: "Mehlspeisen". So baked sweets like cakes and stuff
Shills on the other side are compareble to the professional begging gangs, which roam public transport stations.
Also, Maltese cuisine is amazing.
And obviously I am not attacking people because of how they voted but because of what opinions they voice in a public forum.
As are most in this whole post
Yes, it is a hard hit, but it does not have to be the end
The more people live together, the more logistics and services needs they have
Also historically: Austrians that are not in some way antisemitic
Why do atheists think they are
"How do I die
And i think thats enough to figure out where i come from
I actually was surprised by myself, but it seems like it's common in europe, austria is not that much smaller than hungary.
It's disputable if the holy Roman empire was a state at all.
A common enemy is always a good reason to unite.
English is imprecise compared to German and feels constricting
I doubt that they have to pay much more than 10-20 Cent per bottle when they buy them
>With the caveat that you'd probably have needed to have your future spouse be ok'ed by your parents
That's kinda hard to take into account though.
I wish all people on the balkans freedom, peace and prosperity
Lithuania wouldn't be blocking anything for Russia.
Schäne wänochtn vo de ned gonds so frändlichn siatlända
It's on the border to Slovenia but Styria is also a historical region, the border wasn't always as it is today
I know and I believe you that normally red is the color of the left.
more than half of new registered cars are Diesel
You sure have many beautiful cities in your country
I don't see anything wrong with it especially if it's about letting someone stay at your place
If I‘m going jogging, 5°. If I‘m walking/sitting, 15°.
idk why, but I always mess up "mayor" (as in Mayor Quimby).
are and what they are responsible for
It's not a whole nation but otherwise correct
We also have dekagramm (dag) , which is 10g.
We refer to the area the dialect is spoken in like I did with Vorarlberg
So if you're not a racist lunatic yourself, you shouldn't have much trouble accepting the evil deeds of people that are all long dead by now
He also said that Austrian cake is 'dry' and 'bland'.  I am just glad my mother didn't chase him out of our house with a knife
Sucks for those who have their duty at war, but those who enjoy all the alcohol during peace have a great time for sure!
That's the airport that can be reached in precisely no time from the city
As many things concerning fascism and nazism in austria, we acknowledge it, politely smile and change the subject
He was having a meeting with partners from Montenegro and they all sat together speaking English
What do you mean by voiced consonants?
Thats 6 buckets of Sauerkraut right there
People panicking about teens celebrating 420 everyday forget that this is true for every substance/matter witch is forbidden
In Austria Germans often get confused when they don't find the German flag indicating instructions in German.
[Egg harps]
This wasn't the first thing that came to my mind about this topic, but this is interesting
Here in Austria you are part of the social system the first time you pay into it
On my mothers side: great-grandfather was a master carpenter and served in a pioneer regiment
Yeah it is rather popular with young people in my neck of the woods
Also producing pavers and piping systems
it's a way of giving funky or interesting names to your kid without fucking up their future, because you were sensible enough to  name them "Stefan" before "Romulus Esteban Zapotek".
South tyrol
Oz ondo
The other one apparently hid himself in the woods or something to avoid getting drafted
Neos: left liberal party
Turkey
the [reddit code] is AFAIK open source and under Common Public Attribution License, so you can use it
tbh Reich just means realm, dominion, and you don't get to pretend you didn't Reich it out together with us just because you switched sides
I'm German and I've lived in Austria for the past three years
None of my colleagues seem to find it strange/dangerous
According to surgery we also have long waiting times
If anything that would be Zwarte Piet
Much quicker and easy to use than a pizza wheel
Austrian German (our standard language) isn't declining at all
What do they eat their Spaghetti with then
They translated some surenames and place names to German
There is a road going to that house, however that road is less than 15 or 20 years old, and if you don't know exactly which turns you have to take you'd never find the place
Take my upvote
There are 8 of them in the country, 5 of them are in Vienna
"An ta neza einai oyeikh, ta keoaaaia ti einai"...that's what I read.
Even in Iceland they keep their swimsuits on in the Sauna
> the supremacy of God and the rule of law
Oh, shove it up your ass
The few people who do flag their private homes for national holidays tend to be the uber-patriotic kind
quick question: spaghetti, break them once in the middle or leave them long
Anything involving strip clubs as places to go to and hang out in
I mean ours did change in between of course, but that doesn't change the nature of our old constitution
I can't think of anything less breakfast-y than that
It would have to be a double-headed eagle to keep things Austro-Hungarian
do you even have eyes
> Lock Up - Stallone Prisioneiro (Inmate Stallone)
Sehr stolz grad
Problem with that statistic is that it's not adjusted to number of households or population.
I'm always assuming people speak German - GERMANS are literally everywhere
Isnt laufen running and rennen running fast
My unit leader wanted to show us the mountains and the setting of some intense battle between the Austrians and ~~- no idea - the Turks maybe
Made of plastic of course
The EU ban was specifically targeted at islamist attacks, according to the lawmaker
Germans are clearly very bad at local geography
PSA targets Opel turnaround as GM exits Europe
I'm somehow surprised Austria isn't meeting the target.
A real redditor
Which is such a disgrace
Land: roughly 500m2 of land to build on
Well I wouldn't say "whom" is not used, it's just less frequent
Hogs run pretty fast
It mainly says, there is no nobility anymore in Austria and no privilege of nobility
full of them
And a few cannons
I always learn new words for different things
Another stark divide in Austria and Germany is the use of different decks of cards for the most popular card games and what those games are
Mozart
Oh, and it's Erdapfel
And even they learn quick after passing some fellow travellers
Bavaria probably doesn‘t even learn words like the ones mentioned above in school and it would be wrong to write them down, while for us they’re literally in our dictionary
and one of the biggest asshats is finally out of the game which is also nice
Three towns in Germany
There are plenty of either
Not trying to hinder your search, but it might also be a British thing
^^Disclaimer: ^^This ^^product ^^does ^^not ^^contain ^^liver ^^or ^^cheese
Kadenbach | SPÖ | 555 | **pro**
Why are you assuming that Bismack wasn't nobility?
no thousand separators because they might mess things up and points for decimal
Italy: the food, the way of life and how they celebrate all things good about living, the cars and motorbikes (yes, these too, and for entirely different reasons than the German ones)
What an idiocy
They sold everything a regular store had, but more expensive.
No there are a lot who really hate him, like many of the old party members who resigned or [this old lady] Nevertheless these people still vote, because they see it as the vote for the party not the person, and since they see all the opposition as even worse
Even though austria is regarded as the firs victim of nazi aggression, the majority of austria probably supported them and wanted the anschluss
Vienna's stations are quite average.
Slovenia are slavic people with slavic language and germanic culture
You are a weird ass and neurotic people, but at the end of the day you are a really great country
Thats something i can agree on
- The Petzval lens
Aside from that is the border crossing not permitted on a tourist or business visa (or visa waiver) if you plan on participating in a demonstration.
Austria too
Well, we can connect with each other.
Surely more than one in 10,000 persons has been affected.
So in my school in austria, we didn't have lockers
Cold Non Touristy = Austria , Germany
The krampus then torments the people inside
Well, let's put it this way - it's not Vienna :)
I have been bitten by a hamster once, dont underestimate them!
It basically consists if the local traditional band and one day in February they take a goat to every restaurant, hotel and bar in town
Even Slovenians themselves confuse their country with Slovakia?
It's not very popular because of A) envy (why should someone get to have 2 citizenships and vote in 2 countries while I can't?) & B) right wing parties fear mongering that Turkish/Arabic citizens infiltrate the society and change the country into a caliphate or something like that
more like ex austria amirite
are you afraid that one of the non-eu countries will attack you?
We live in the capital, right in the center
The answer to both questions is obvious
I either talk to them about politics or if they have ever stuck their penis and testicles behind their thighs and pretended to have a vagina in front of the mirror
Idk either, maybe I am just more polite in german
A visit was quite obligatory
You would be cheaper off with seperate use of long distance buses or special offers for travel between cities and use the public transport there.
Slovenia, Czechia, Croatia, Slovakia/Poland followed by the rest.
More often, it is used in the sense that there is or isn’t enough time to do something
The troops fired at every shadow, thinking the Ottomans were everywhere; in reality, they were shooting fellow Austrian soldiers
In dialect there is Schlägl, whichs could be translated to "punchy"
We're getting a second wave pretty soon
Never met anyone without an accent though
Fine, how about an austrian-led German state this time
Is that really such an absurd thing for some people
Sounds great tbh
Interesting that Germany imports way more from the EU than outside of the EU
It's conceivable that - even tho some Austrian towns aren't too keen on being submerged - Bratislava will most likely grow into Austria
I did(I specifically voted for a party that said it would vote for net neutrality), we cemented NN(well somewhat, zero rate is still allowed) and just because the American Royalty won't accept it, I still have to see this shit everywhere on my internet, that is safe in a proper NN accepting union
It was very "House of Cards"-like.
I have 125mbit for 32€ and could get 500mbit or even gigabit if I wanted
But those assholes admitted that if you apply for it as a citizen and not a company they will automatically reject it
German speakers should pronounce it right too
And right now the whole eastern countries are in a really bad shape in that regard
This is why some countries in Central Europe have better Covid-19 recovery rates
I had people from warmer climates claim that it is freezing cold when it still had
very strong ties to their local community, let's put it like that, but it's everywhere and I would even say it's what the majority thinks: complaining about their drivers when you see a W on the car sign in front of you, complaining about their noisy and presumptuous tourists, about the politics, etc
A bit annoying, yes, but funny
Nothing about this is any complicated
Well, usually we cheer against a certain neigbhour country
We get an ultra right wing government
How are share buybacks and dividends the only reason stocks are worth anything
Gottesanbeterin - woman that is praying to god, (female) worshiper of god
Because Croatia can't have enough coastline
You guys should have taken a page out of Germany's / Austria's book: condense all your historic shittiness into a 10 year period and then apologise profusely for it instead of dragging it out for centuries
All in good spirits though
most successful scam by far is the Sound of Music
No, it's from a tumblr post made about 2 months before that Vine
>Kazakh actor
Sure he can
And the SPAs
Although the Bundesländer and counties are much more powerful it sometimes reminds me of French people complaining about Paris, since all decisions are made there
I actually don't see such obvious "Bombenlöcher" that often in Prague, which otherwise feels very similar to Vienna
Identity does not necessarily have anything to do with a common language and culture
Not at all
if austria won 1:0 instead of losing 0:1 austria would've advanced and eliminated germany at the same time at a euro cup played on home soil
Iran already can't export their pistachios to europe because of sanctions
I think it’s more complicated then it seems at first
But my favorite is translating
With the argument that its a Jewish plot against the guy
plus he was born really near at the German border
Why would anyone try to run a train with a gasoline motor since diesel was invented
(Ofc often names refer to vague regions, like Japan is part of Asia
The only time reforms or new bills ever happen is when Germany or some other big country does it first.
Does any country _not_ have those
Like, what was up with that
Nice: 10-20 C
Research gave me, at best, a biased opinion about either side.
Looks awesome on black cars especially
Salzburg or Graz sound like a good choice that actually makes sense
Thanks for losing that one football game that one time in 1978
Not an entire show but an episode of SpongeBob SquarePants: There is a part in an episode where SpongeBob speaks German in the original version
The occupation isn‘t really taught in school in too much detail, the books mostly focus on the Staatsvertrag in 1955, but it is definitely something that has been preserved in the collective memory of the village
The films message is clearly stated, and at some points I felt the film was saying: "this is what it's about, do you get it you dumb fuck
"ihre Patentante" würd ich sagen, aber ja sonst gibts echt kein Extrawort explizit für den Paten der Tochter.
I’m waiting for a train so I’m unable to perhaps express myself properly but I hope you understand what I’m saying, for us it’s more than just beer
No, but it's not too common
Both the exterior and [the interior are mind-blowing] and I believe it will be the first thing to come to mind for anybody who's visited Poland
Ski jumping can also draw large and passionate crowds as can Formula 1 at our annual race in Spielberg
In English you typically say "the alpha and omega
Then there was Obama who continued the bombings and the war in the Middle East
This type of racial categorization is almost non-existent in Europe, at least in public discourse on television
I didn't have the septum yet when I applied for the job, I actually got it one month after I started the job
Although if you hadn't mentioned it I would probably have forgotten about it
Sweden also has a demographical problem.
I speak a Bavarian dialect natively, so German and Bavarian are fluent
I agree with what you said, mostly, in that you shouldn't really forget your origin or where your family history started, if you can remember it.
I'll admit that the Harry Potter studio maybe isn't the most unusual place but it was still nice meeting someone in Great Britain who's also from Austria
Religion is a very private thing
Define "most successful" please.
and he didn't say which cross...
Yes, my mom is American and I have lived in the US and we used to celebrate Halloween
She explained it by saying since pm is for late things and am is for early things
Austria isn't perfect but I do think it's one of the nicest countries to live in
Nowadays it's not only GTIs, but pretty much every brand of the Volkswagen AG.
So even if those assholes put their shitty drawings or names on nobody will see it.
If people focused on that and are part of NATO I can kinda understand that
that's not how fiscal policy works
(I don't think there is an equivalent in Standard German)
It should at least become a common option
where do you live if I may ask
My bad
Probably you just give too much of a shit about other people to see that.
Can you elaborate
The position of the Chancellor has much less power than the position of the russian president.
Sweet home Austria
[Here's something to feel wholesome to, we're all in this together <3]
One third of our forested lands are protected
Though population wise, there isn't that big of a difference between the two countries
There‘s no limit
[A mother of 9 calling her kids to come down into the kitchen]
So apparently it shares a bunch of older vocabulary and other traits with Dutch
We have two (I think) here around Linz and I don´t think they get that much business
>	The weakening of Spain and the distraction of Spain from Gibraltar via the Catalonian question would absolutely be of British interest in regard to Gibraltar
"To get" means "bekommen" in German, so a lot of the time people confuse that with "to become". Very popular mistake in English class is "I became money for my birthday"
I remember 2004, when the "Eastward expansion" happened.
Even Austria managed to qualify for the double-size Euros.
Please explain
They release him prior tho - out of the window
ok i guess that's subjective as it is very save
polar night but with amazing nature, northern lights & snow beats southern swedish grey & flat nothingness that's been going on for months now by 1000 times
Du hast es nicht ganz verstanden.
So their opinion doesn´t count as they are barbarians
Calling female kids or unmarried women "Fräulein" - a deminishing form of "Frau". For girls it's outdated bordering "old creep"-vibes, using it for grown women is insulting nowadays, because it carries the message that a woman isn't a full woman if she hasn't married
In Carinthia, you can hear that the dialects from the far west at the border to tyrol sound a bit more tyrolean, and in the east (Lavant-valley) sound more styrian
I really don't like that kind of Deutschrap but if you like it I won't judge you
Not sure if it counts as conspiracy theory, but that military coup in Turkey had false flag written all over it.
well in Vienna it's not called Eiskasten for no reason
We aren't banning the completetly, we are just speeding up the departure of one type after a couple of days (usually a week) and we all know that the next x of europe will show up very quickly anyways.
Either that, or emojis
Declaring neutrality is one thing
You again
If you ask someone from Salzburg he/she will tell you this
Probably either Sly, Ivash or Me.
Far from it
... Empowered by the Germans
If I as a EU citizen go to another EU country live/work there, can i demonstrate?
If the party succeeds it could happen that the top party is not in the government and the head of party number two will become chancellor
If you would split Serbo-Croatian in Bosnian, Croatian and Serbian, Turkish would be the on the top
Can't say I have, but yes his agenda is very obvious.
"Soulless" is such a stupid designation to give to a place
Absolutely
Honestly, what did you expect with Trump as president *and* a Republican Congress?
well, it's outside Austria relative unknown we had a civil war and christian fashistic state before we came a part of the nazi Germany, the interwar period was quite a wild ride.
So, no change needed imo
–> So you make people make something
No offense, but how are we any more responsible for WW2 than the Germans
A Tüte is something you can smoke here (it's the slang word for a blunt)
That really sounds like a French stereotype
A Fleischlaberl is no Meatball, you could compare it to a 'Hamburg Steak'.
There is no Eu exit movement besides the one in the UK
I've visited South Africa and I can tell you that the white people there definitely feel *South African*.
Slovenia are you OK
you can definitely see the alps
Cooking is only a hobby in Austria
What's globalist about it anyways
r/europeporn
That is not to forget how Eastern Europe is the most screwed region of all
Same with the flag, but people chose their favourite myth in that regard
Ask them if they like it "scharf".
but categories of distance and remoteness work differently here
This was due to the fact that the empire they belonged to vanished without a trace, leaving them with no sense of belonging other than a linguistic belonging to the German language family
No idea what you watched, but it’s Schweinebacke in German
... A network based MineSweeper
), and the Soviet Union might not have gobbled up half of Europe after all
This time there were no pre-election polls.
There's at least 10-15 more popular sports here, I never hear any reports about it and don't really know anyone playing it
Yeah sure culturally the Bavarians but the CSU treats us like shit most of the time.
Does anyone hate that
You honestly never see women [like this one] in Favoriten?
[Austria wants a word with you] After all, our vice chancellor didn't snort cocain from a russian prostitute while being on camera talking about selling out our country for nothing
The only response I got was a link to the Austrian "Law Information System" and if there's one thing I hate, it's reading legal texts.
It's a select few individuals working in that factory that are deranged.
Or  50 - 60 m² flat depending on the quality of the flat
You‘d rather shove Bavaria over to us lol
It's the past though and it is what it is but it's sad that the German speakers in Bohemia and Moravia got expelled.
You being emotional about it doesn't change the fact that now tens of millions live in a rubble of an unsafe country which they didn't before.
Yeah every time a picture from Alto Adige/Südtirol get posted some austrian nationalist comes out of nowhere
Metternich was a dick to the Hungarians and Italians
Hey we learn about your history
Those two and English + Scots and derivates are usually grouped together as "North Sea Germanic".
I‘m more interested in EU politics than in Austrian politics because I have honestly no clue what the fuck is going on in my country and what all of the politicians are even doing
And i'm surprised that your wiener schnitzel is actually made out of veil'isch meat
<3 from grumpy Vienna
And funny part they get nothing in return.
Dialects though are a central part of local culture both in every day life, music, theatre ....
Second Head of Parliament also steps down, probably for similar reasons
Rather extreme gliding at over 140km/h, don't you think?
But where is the beef and peas
But i got incredibly angry when they made a huge cliffhanger at the end of season 3 and then decided to not make a 4th season
Taugt ma, dass du die EU-Faune host!
Do you want to get rid of the Alsace too
I know everyone has one in the city
How is the overall Meme culture in your native language
I'm a German living in Austria and I'm already on it
It's very strange that the German president gets elected in parliament and the people have basically no say in it.
The [battle of Karánsebes]
Southslavism was severely threatened and almost by that
I'd say 50, but if its 60 you'll probably only have to do one during your working time, and will have enough time to do the following ones once you're retired
No issues with finding donor organs.
* Alexander Van der Bellen, former leader of the Green Party, running as an independent
There are less and less poor people world wide.
Except it wasn't.
Originally taken from the Avars by Karl the Great, the *[Marcha orientalis] was part of the [Duchy of Bavaria] (itself part of the Frankish empire ruled by Carolingian and Merovingian dynasties, and later part of the HRE)
Ah yes, good old Grimm's tales
It looks like it was built 30 years ago lmao
I'm still fascinated that in 2021 banks still aren't able to process payments 7 days a week
Edit: I went to a "Gymnasium" and then a "HTL", just in case this makes a difference
Because terror bombings only work when you target civilians.
I come from Niederösterreich and grew up bilingual (hungerian-german) and moved to Wien
When you start counting with 1 PM, then 2 PM ... the logical thing would be that 12 PM comes last, not first
riiight, *French*.
I think Putin won't do it to not give seperatist in his own Country any hope
Don‘t forget to order the Glenn garlic sauce
Yes
E.g. on election day
So prepare France, Czechia(I heard we can use that now), Poland, Luxembourg and if Austria plays along we can claim half Europe, so why not...
I mean, we often tell Americans that they should at least learn hello/please/thanks in the local language
These are pet projects from politicians typically and snd up just wasting all that money for nothing.
I think Hofer (the right-Extremist candidate) will win
In Austria there is a law allowing you to make copies for example of music CDs for your personal usage, e.g. a safety copy
Ah okay
Yeah, nobody ever denied that
It's about the young boy Fritz who gets kidnapped by the Turkish wizzard Hatschi Bratschi who steals children with his hot air balloon
If you start correcting somebody people will think you are super smart no matter how much bs in your arguments is
Thank you
Defeating Nazis was a good deed
Swiss Army knife
Historically it was used like that in German as well, as a loanword from Czech
"Soko Kitzbühel", a police procedural set in the Tyrolean alps
In the end it boils down to a case by case decission by a judge
Agree to disagree I guess
The taste is not really that similar to regular sausage
Austria, Germany, Switzerland: Everything is dubbed for the German-speaking market.
hard agree; and have a cutoff date at around 70
Hatschi Bratschi falls out of the balloon and into a well while trying to abduct more kids
For that reason people kept it alive in the bath tub: Carp likes to live in muddy waters, so if you kill it right after catching it, it will taste like that.
I live somewhat close to Hallstatt but up until last year it was always so overrun that I never really bothered to go there
Templer help the ottoman cause the emperor hiddes some artifact or something
I believe that's a thing for most capitals of Europe, just like how many viennese say they go to the countryside if they're going on a holiday in Austria but outside of Vienna.
Nordic countries are Sweden, Norway, Denmark, Finland and Iceland
They are part of 3/9 federal governments and were part of Austrian government from 2000 to 2007.
Vienna
Not to my knowledge, but Wikipedia states that there was once the idea of "v4 plus" including Austria and Slovenia, but Hungary objected, so Czech Republic, Slovakia (not mixing them up here!) and Austria founded their own club called ["Austerlitz Format"]
In 2012 Austria and Slovenia even had a whole court battle over the naming rights
Do you smell the pollution or otherwise feel it?
It’s not really a thing people talk a lot about
Lol England will be a third world country after all this is done
might have to add, I learned it from an Italian
Des is gleich in allen Dialekten
I also like to say that Wels is like somebody would've cut out the bad parts of Linz and made it its own city
The only one left, Tuscany used to be one too
first one was our prince (i cry everytime ;( ), second our dictator.
We got many awesome DnB Producers like Mefjus, Camo & Krooked, Kimyan Law, RoyGreen & Protone, TR Tactics and Fourward at the Moment.
with those reactions, more like 8 more years
Venice also has taxi-boats, police-boats, etc., so this doesn't surprise me.
This day is meant to honor the victims of this horrible place, not incite battles about whose ideology is worse
You know r/Sudeten would be next, right?
It's forbidden to "make alcohol available" to kids under the age
comprehensive medicare for all employees
I actually had to think how I'm saying it
That's really important
They pretty much aren't a thing here at all.
So comfy
yes
No Austria
Concerning grammar, the thing is that if you learn Spanish from German, you don't get the tips you would get if you learned it from English
Unless someone really worked hard we obviously can tell that they're non-natives
I have no idea if they have a slogan here, but I'm pretty ad-blind in general (luckily)
Her policies are similar though
Trump completely aside, it's very naive to think european parties could mysteriously solve Chicago gang violence with a more european approach.
soin mi Fiaker trogn, und dabei Zithern schlogn
Is this still the case, not in theory but actually
I mean, a lot of companies are outsourcing to Poland and I heard that it's growing fast...
Not even the cliffs that many say look beautiful look in any way intresting
Fits nicely in whole human subhuman ideology.
i thought someone had a stroke but its just irish
Can also double as a nice view and relaxing spot for its occupants
20 minute tram and metro ride
It quickly became a meme, the above one is funny because you are not supposed to put gravy on your schnitzel
This is more important to us than you think
That's basically the German "One, two, three, Freddy's coming for you" just without Freddy
It was replaced by Anstand (decency), Würde (dignity) and some other words
[They are not] as they are not crossed
If they would change their hazardous view on the EU membership, I wouldn't see a big problem with them in the government.
Hm, can't think of anything
Vicky Christina Barcelona is probably the worst in that sense
* Lenzing has gotten some attention lately, but they're also huge in their domaine
Austrian - Wien
I always love this:
Move vital industries back to Europe and recognize the RoC
Patrick's Day is celebrated in quite a few bars nowadays (and not exclusively Irish Pubs either).
Wanna go outside and solve this predicament?
The saying was:
However it always was directly noted with the price, not the small print
I find that 'to indulge in sth' comes pretty close
"I was in Italy 3 years ago" is a bit different from "Every year I try to visit 5 countries where I've never been before".
I think there's some beautiful and super well preserved Byzantine Churches in N. Macedonia
Bavarian and swiss german are different languages
I know there are different ethnicities in Spain but still, nothing compared to the US
For Austria I'd say it's both world wars
It's called 'Grillen' and there are even regional, national, and international championships.
Malvasia
I mean, in the warmer areas you'll have lots of homeless of course (facilitated by the climate), but they're not as loud/crazy/aggressive as the ones we seem to have here
Not taking any prisoners
It's a real tree, it is a fir tree from Lower Austria.
In my local supermarket eggs are in the refrigerator
Y'all don't make good wine
I know the Soviets had a lot of casualties, but still
Google just stoped linking them and in the end they got less traffic and less income
Pölten
**Fun Fact:** Aldi is called Hofer in Austria.
That would sound wrong with "gmail" though
Yeah, Austria is on your side here
With the remaining 10% being a few local distributors
Do you memorize all movie lines, or did you just watch it recently?
September 1788
In German there are totally different words for these two
> a minor controversity because the minister of Justice was born in former Yugoslavia
>  full English breakfasts, Spaghetti Bolognese, various meals with Chicken and rice or chicken and potatoes etc, made fried chicken and fish and chips and burgers during the lockdown too, homemade pizzas etc
They like their beer
I don't, and I also don't know anyone that has.
But it depends where you look of course
More focused on the rebuilding efforts, the Trümmerfrauen and how big of a deal rebuilding the Stephansdom was, for some reason my teacher found it really important to focus on that
Everything other than a complete humiliation is a win in my book
), Greek, Spanish
Way too much wind, would always have a hurting neck/shoulders because of that afterwards
Oh god yes
Of course it enters the equation.
Even if the eurosceptics would win in some nations
I doubt they'd risk an all out war with the US
I didn't say they were, just that the view of the descendants of the occupied isn't entirely negative.
Actually, way too many to name here.
There were still a load of Ukrainians in the Communist party as officials
Thank you for the voice of reason, if you see that BS, report it ASAP, I just nuked the entire comment chain of that comment and handed out a few bans, because holly shit that got idiotic!
> apple that contains maggots
Supply and demand
How has transparency been a problem with the EU?
* Church/Religious service
In that election you vote for a party, and the candidate of that party (usually the head of the party) will become chancellor in case of victory AND if the president instructs him to form a government (which of course usually happens)
Griass Enckkk
Martins Day, not really a holiday but celebrated by children with a latern procession and there is a tradition to serve a roasted goose on this day
Nope
Range extender vehicles are somewhat similar in concept
If there are hidden gems then they're not well known
5 and France on third place 11
The making fun part is one thing
Personally I think a easy adoption service after birth is better, but I don't oppose pro-choice.
Oh, no wait
"The phonemes /b/, /d/, and /ɡ/ in Spanish are realized as approximants (namely [β̞, ð̞, ɣ˕]")
You include the Caucasus but not Turkey
If you master a course though I'm sure you could find your way around on a holiday
Bydgoszcz in Poland (German: Bromberg) for me
So sorry, the system gives no fucks about you, go fail until you get sick of it and then go into a trade
I don't know the costs of living in lux, but 4000 would be a lot here.
Ah, Überbacher
Na they aren't that low, it's just that Austria as a country will never be as idolized as Italy or France for instance, so people won't ever be that disappointed
makes it easier for you guys to generalize all Americans as being like said shitposter.
Garbage collection is pretty well paid and working in that field lets you retire 5 years earlier
Maybe not the most fascinated, but Costa Rica is an interesting one:
Simultaneously, they are also the most likely ones to emigrate
No the map says its american
i'm interested in your username
Yes minor fronts, but in the end these, the Atlantic wall, and so on bound forces
we have more than Adolf
Spoke with my southern tyrolean neighbor
Actually 4 ..burgs, back when it was part of the Hungarian part
The relation with the name of the 4th district of Vienna, *Wieden*, is disputed
Where do you get that many Brits to speak German
I dont think that this is arrogance, but only natural that peoples taste gets shaped by their surroundings
At least if there aren't tariffs or anything like that.
App usually
Germanic people moved towards the South over 2000 years ago and have merged with many other cultures and people since then.
And if two groups meet, they "fight" each other (more of body checks against each other)
May have a garage spot
I am guessing you were in Bleiburg
For lakes: Carinthia/"Kärnten"(in German)
the Great War ended, and with its end the small wars started
We do have  [Edeltraud] (Edel = noble, traud = strength ) and  [Engelbert] (Engel =  [Angle] bert = shiny, famous)
Pissed him off so much he stole the cup :D
Do you know how much a Metaxa to the airport costs?
That is the only thing I remember from French at school lol
Maybe it doesn't get its own name when it's just situated in the capital (as I assume is the case in France)
I'm travelling every once in a while between vienna and stuttgart
One for the kitchen which is the cooking stove at the same time
Yeah, thats why they are cheaper
Because you're all fallen Austrians.
H&M and all the other stores have them aplenty in their stores
Greece = Griechenland (Greek-Land)
Literally every US president has been a stuck-up pseudo-dictator who only ever gave a shit about the 1% richest of their population
As for the much more uncommon poultry options, there's quail or gamebirds such as pheasant and partridge
Western rural Austria, and rural Bavaria.
Hungary
Some industries have venefits of their own and espexially start-ups are developing good incentives like 30hour weeks on full salary
But people often forget that modern architecture doesn't have to be repetitive
Bavarian and swiss german are different languages
I personally only do some peaceful shopping, buying beer, kofola and some slovak food
(Apfelschorle, Traubenschorle, Weinschorle are often words where my brain flatlines lol)
Most of the exiles went to Britain and America, where they were often gratefully received.
Hell are we happy we are boring in this age around
that's the one that's *always* tripping me up when speaking German-German, along with what to say for Lavoir/Schaffel (... Waschbehältnis
9%)
There people at least stop smoking near children.
If their accent is really good I might be unsure whether that's an odd local dialect from a region I'm not familiar with - but that's rare
I always thought I'm pretty good with deciphering accents, but this truly beats me :D
Depends on the tank but a well placed one can fry the engine coolers and make it overheat
They don't wear ties cause they could be joked, same with piercings
So of course it's not really taught elsewhere
Respect and also:  don't go to big tourist destinations and expect deals, be disapointed when you don't get them, and complain about the local prices
I think in most countries, people greet each other when hiking (unless it's a very popular and crowded hike)
Smells like propaganda
> their entire national identity is "not being German"
and when you don't even think that the laws of any country apply to you, you shouldn't be surprised when no country wants to have you.
I suspect that with *some* countries including Austria the concept of "citizenship" will be watered down in the following decades until all it means is the obligation to do military sevice (for males only ofc)
There are different traditions
It seems you've somewhere along the way missed the connection between my first comment and the following chain of comments
We straighten our slippers
Doesn't matter if they're afraid of terrorists, or islamization, or what.
But most of the time I don't see any blacks.
Maybe there will be an increase in people smoking weed at first, but IMO the effect of curiosity would lay off quickly and people realize the intoxication is very similar to 'common', legal drugs
Because even though you agree less with the SPÖ you'd rather have a left party in coalition than your favorite party in opposition
[Some cups or plates from Gmundner Keramik]
You have to push both pins in at the same time for it to open
My computer
They are ***GERMAN*** in the original
Wait, Slovenia isn't a part of Czechoslovakia
I thought that we were close since Austria is number 2
I mean the Earth's Sun and Moon
Most immigrants in Europe only come to Europe because of social security, welfare etc.
If you need the name it's Zinkenstüberl ^^
I wouldn't accept a claim from a fake-news site from the likes of Breitbart/Russia Today anyhow.
The new Viennese spoken by young people there aka Standard German with a weird accent is my preferred subject of hate.
Wow, thanks for the upvotes - I hadn't expected to get that much attention.
Then, I started watching more and more english-speaking non-csgo youtubers video and (at age around 16) more english netflix series
You have time until fall to learn German
not so much
Gülle = jauchn
Un be fucking leavable
On the basis of your results, we estimate you know 91% of the English words.
Why is Austria suddenly Germany
That's the most racist thing I've read for a long time.
It simply sounds amazing to me to see Jerusalem for myself, instead of only every hearing and reading about it.
I’m only in my twenties, but even I can definitely feel in shift in climate over here, and it’s not just this year
>	Zhdanov held that Germany was taken up with war against Britain and incapable of fighting on two fronts
That there seemed to be no normal restaurants like we have in Europe
After WWI, they even held a referendum whether to join Switzerland or not
And we're only talking some 500km distance here
which I love pointing out to Americans.
It is basically impossible unless you own a pet shop
[Rock Me Amadeus - Falco] and [Egoist - Falco] are two I think are pretty known globally
But the Americans wanted to win the cold war, so they were against it
Someone being funny and something being fun is described with the same adjective "lustig"
What
Weapons grade consumerism
Slavic Europeans: What is the relationship/bond between different Slavic countries?
in my whole school career we had two snow days.
I second this motion
[Tiergarten Schönbrunn (Vienna Zoo)] It was founded in 1752
It gets a bad rep because it is the capital of the former most right-wing federal state and many move away from there after school because admittedly it does not have a lot to offer to young people living there
If you live on a hill or mountain you can add getting stuck in snow every now and then
Es ist nicht immer 100%ig klar wer da jetzt "die Bösen" sind auf die man mit dem Finger zeigen kann und das macht es oft schwierig
Also, knowing my fellow countrymen - no way so many people googled how to fricking swordfight
Do people not order just coffee there?
It's still used as an insult today
* pole (Pole = Polish man)
guess what, it was for free
Yeah, get used to that
We live on the outskirts of the alps but we do get our fair share of snow, normally
Woohoo, another month another increase, Sweden is next!
I am well aware that conservatives are not an homogenous evil block and i am also aware that other parties are not the manifestation of all good either.
1918-present: Small European country
I also don't think it's necassary in the age of the internet, where instructions for any dishes or techniques are available online
The problem with this is though that recirprocity in Visa questions is not the strong suit of the EU - while I can travel to South Africa visa free for 90 days, South African citizens need a visa
But the taste is seriously addicting IMHO
at some ball game or open-air concert yeah, but in the opera or theaters
In communist Austria your organs are owned by the state and donated freely (once you die and only if you haven't opted out before).
I'm probably more stupid than you, I don't even know what hurling is
Today I learned I am a dutch person
Technically fascism and national socialism aren't the same (not that it makes a big difference, both are reasonably similar).
But the DACH System of workforce education is so completly different from the US (and many other countries) i have given up any comparison
But also our direct words, like Flugzeug (Fly-thing,plane), Spielzeug (playing-things), Brustwarze ( breast-wart, nipple), there are more but I can't think of any
The meat is usually pricey though, so it's more of a gourmet food thing and not something for everyday cooking
He lived in Vienna for quite a while.
The way that the Austro-Hungarian elites pitted the orthodox Serbs, the catholic Croats and the muslim Bosniaks against each other in order to maintain power was reminiscent of British rule in India
And Belgium be like:"*Hey Guurls, hope you don't mind that I brought a friend, hihi.*"
(Even though we probably would have voted for the Anschluss anyway.)
Yes, in some cases there's a problem, and that's bad, don't get me wrong
We'll happily shit on them for nothing, but when they actually screw up we deal with it like bros.
The Kazakh goes to America to learn their ways and make a documentary about it
wondering now if the same is true for you as it is for me: it helps with the shame to take extra big steps so your feet aren't touching the ground in as many places
I see what you did there and I approve of it
[Country Roads]
They are very different languages but obviously with many similar words because of shared roots and Low German influence on Danish.
lol, Merkel couldn't even lead elemantary school kids on a field trip
Don't want to give up your current citizenship even if it wouldn't make much difference either way
Seriously i can't even find something else that is that flat
However it feels a bit over the top in its try to "modernize" the speech of certain characters (the young Hobbits in particular)
There are no significant private channels with a political agenda.
Would you ever consider making one of Vienna
), and the Soviet Union might not have gobbled up half of Europe after all
Could also be because the Habsburger ruled over spain.
It happens a lot
And for the non-native option, we do have a bunch of ostrich farms in Austria, if you want to classify those as poultry
Kunsthistorisches (Kunst = Art, historisches = history), Naturhistorisches (Nature), technisches (technical) Museum
It's part of using the whole animals and all
Yes, public health Care is a good idea
I worked at a Christmas market in Vienna last year, and I ended up talking to some customers (tourists from Eastern Europe, the US and Ireland) who told me they only came because their holiday had already been booked by the time the Paris attacks happened; in the future they would stay the hell away from Christmas markets everywhere.
I mean with [Sissi] we have already one
That's how I think it is here, everything movie-related happens in the dominant capital, but nobody goes around making up the name Viennawood for that
Can only hope something will happen to deal with this problem
Instead of a region, we have a cake named after that: [Malakofftorte]
Konsistenz =~/~= consistency, at least not in most cases (excluding geology)
" / "That's sausage to me
Also just look what Germany or Austria achieved with a completely different monetary policy.
We originally were supposed to have this specific vote in early October, however, due to unfortunate circumstances, lots of the official envelopes for the postal ballots had some glue defects, which caused it to dissolve.
Like in Northern Germany
Same goes for the modern, flat glassbuildings
Zer moduz
There isn't and there's nothing old fashioned about the word
Furniture stores often have a "Pritsche" (small flatbed) to rent too
Bonus: Trieste and Ljubljana are so close that you can visit them in a day trip from there
Me and my mum just smirked at each other and wished her a good day in German
Germans and Austrians understand each other for the most part
Fixing Estonia would be like blowing out a candle in a burning house.
Ah look, Austria has no imigrants, just Austrians fleeing to Germany.
There have been studies saying that if you count all business etc that we make because of the EU, we still profit - but if you just count "how much money we pay to the institutions and how much money they invest into Austrian", we're losing money
I was there a couple days ago and the trees are still green
Given that your concern is that the government is influencing religion and not the other way round kinda proofs my point
It's not
How dare you say Kasnudeln are inferior
The interwar periode
Louis XIV was Ludwig XIV (still is) and Henry VIII was Heinrich VIII
You have to complete this
Well, I can remember the Swiss national museum having a gap for WW2 with just a big sign saying "we were neutral so that's cool" and a itty-bitty-tiny sign saying "but maybe we could have helped some more Jews flee, they kind of all died".
Well Yugoslavia doesn't exist since years now, still statisticians count them as one...
So they are kinda like the French
They could really fuck you up big time
After I'd moved on from elementary school, teachers didn't care anymore so most of us switched to regular pens within a couple years
You could have had a transition period.
Welcome to the Club
I guess it comes from history or then it is a typical love hate relationship some countries share, especially when one country is considered like a sibling but gets more attention for being "fancier, more famous" or whatsoever
its more that people in city are more likely to vote for SPÖ so they invest more into cheap Gemeindebauten and thereby make people in cities more likely to vote SPÖ.
"organized well" = basically they got good guns and a few people who managed to fly under the radar of the police
Not specifically a sign but many signs combined
Obviously they are a minority but I like that odd little bunch
Choose your favorite composer because there are to many beautiful pieces
Like, try something new for once goddammit
It's more likely the stress and strain of the job that might do him in
Plastic packaging of food items, or non-reusable cups (like in OPs picture) are a far bigger threat
So yeah
At least I have been able to get it in Carinthia and Vienna
You don’t go to the beach or the pool per taxi, you walk around outside in the city at places/a park/a trip/whatever at some point or you are on a terrace
Cool
In NYC, where people are supposed to be the unfriendliest in the whole US
The Fiaker carriages in Vienna
let's just kick out Austria (sorry guys, but **you're better a better team with Germans anyway**)
The mandatory one covers basically all you need(Well dental Work is Not that good covered) and the additional provide more comfort (e.g. a 2 bed Room in Hospital instead a 4-6)
Yea thought they were referring to Languages ...
While it is still a border state, Styer is no longer in Styria, it belongs to Upper Austria now, and there is again no Empire
I can officially declare myself a racist through whatever means possible, in France, and I will not!
You can also rearrange the different parts of the sentence so it's less interleaved
yeah AFAIK that's also reason behind it.
However both of those dont actually depict [the version of the paper clip that was indeed invented by a norwegian] ended up not gaining traction, because it’s design misses the last bend, making the use of it less practical)
While I do appreciate his resistance against Nazi Germany and later redemption as a now democratic figure and supporter of a multi party state I think that his support of Austrofascism, antiparliamentarism and his leadership role in the Austrian variant of the SA were way too easily forgotten
During DST the time is changed by an hour and the cortisol phases change by "only" 58 minutes, so almost an hour, not 2 minutes like you constantly claim
This is just too authoritatian
maybe even quarrel with them
Aulla	FI
I love my language and especially my dialect
However, Kurz will most likely retake the position as chancellor before his 34
Well, we could talk about this things all day, but it's pointless.
But still, it‘s best to speak in the language you‘re trying to learn, because it‘s the best practice
You're 24 but your parents tell you what to do with your passport?!
They were by far the most common option here until quite recently
Is everything snow
Oh no
As an Austrian, I sometimes envy Germans for the sheer variety of beer you guys have
you were probably born in a time where dentistry was a real thing.
pölten, BC it looks like the death star of star wars
yes, I learned swedish after learning norwegian, and it was the most surprising thing to hear swedes say that norwegian goes so much up and down with the melody
Otherwise Oktoberfests became more popular in the last few years, but they suck hard for the most part.
A technical device is easy to break down into what it's made of/for and what it does well/not so well
Yes, my personal definition and experience though is somewhat different.
50/50 I'd say
Just to be clear: We don't call our dialect Bairisch/Boarisch.
He was rushing B before anyone even thought of buying a deagle.
Mostly 1934-1945 for the hardcore nationalists
* [Semmering Railway]
Schappen: On 28th December (Feast of the Holy Innocents) kids go around the village with twigs and canes and whip grown ups while chanting verses
So relative to the sun, you eat at a "normal" time, if you can call it that, but due to the time zone it's "late".
The silver is from me
I feel like Austrian dislike of Germans can often be explained by classic neighbour rivalry, that is we are more similar than we feel comfortable with
Even Hundertwasser was played a role in that discussion
As agriculture mechanised more and more people went north to find work
I really feel your pain
Just flush, dip and wash
Which was super lovely of them
But I have like 40-50 different commemorative 2€ coins at home.
Hab in Wien a nu koane guadn gfundn
&#x200B;
The "Rauhnächte", the nights between Christmas and Epiphany are in some superstitions, they should be the time were the Realms of the spirits and the living are the closests but Most of them are neither still believed Nor widely known anymore
Blyat
I remember when I found out a few years ago, I was absolutely shocked that no one even talks about this
ikr, why are civilians even allowed to use transportation means other than public transport?
There is only one situation during the German-Soviet war he talked about once, the one where they were surrounded and forced to surrender
Don't rate the actual thing happening, but think in cultural equivalents.
If you were to pick out a highlight in each of the 4 cities you mentioned what would it be?
Still couldn‘t ever speak it or translate word by word
This looks like a shot from Stargate lol
I think it's like bologna but i have never had that so i can't be sure
When I´m hiking I always say "Berg Hail" and all the German Tourists are like ...
I mean, its very nice of you all to explain my Culture and History to me but its getting a bit tiring
If you’re interested in modern architecture and planning, I suggest you visit any of these places
Although not a filled dumpling like you asked I just wanted to include them
When you meaning a more direct issue, today it's cooled down, but 15 years ago the Benes decrees were a still a serious issue in our relationship with Czechia and Slovakia
Or maybe hungarian
Pretty much every lowsider will land you on your knees first
That would sound wrong with "gmail" though
Everyone else will leave
The United Kingdom, master of sarcasm and home to the language almost everyone commands.
For humans to evolve it would take much more time.
You always learn something new
German Wikipedia:
"Schummelzettel", which literally means cheat sheet
The people are unique, the landscape is great and the culture old and makes you feel a little royal ;)
Passt, du kriegst die mit, ich krieg die ohne :D
The Krampus thing
let other cities be the center of the alien action for once (also I think it would be a lot of fun to see places you recognize in all these explosion scenes for a change)
There are higher value banknotes within reach of the EU (e.g. 1000 CHF), also due to inflation it will need to get reintroduced anyways within a few decades
"Lanternisation":  was lynched and hung from a lantern post in 1848
I'll never forget Jessica Lange completely butchering it in American Horror Story: Freak Show
Josef Fritzl
It tastes like the cheap chocolate you sometimes get as a welcome present on your hotel bed pillow, which you immediately regret eating.
"Look what I am wearing, I still believe
It was actually a very good question, not dumb at all
Carnuntum probably has the best preserved ruins - mostly just foundations, floor mosaics and such
Why does shit like this get 11K upvotes
Yes, how
We have the highest Alcohol consumption in the world, its weird if you don't drink
Hebrew for sure, absolutely fascinating language
Sadly some places are not like that)
But if everyone is against the law it simply gets replaced.
Makes FinnishBolshevik proud
I apologize in advance that I‘m listing so many
Er muss Zivildienst machen also ist er österrei hischer Staatsbürger
do not view large, representative samples as essential.
People here don't really know the details of federal vs.
Schnaps has flavour, but it is rarely flavoured.
Maybe General Radetzky too
In middle school: Frau Fachlerer(in)/Herr Fachlehrer
Does anyone have a solution to this
I get your point, but the difference between Mozart and Ressel is that Mozart was born in what is NOW austria, and Ressel was born in what is NOW the Czech Republic
But why should he be on an Austrian poster aimed at an Austrian audience when nobody connects him with Slovenia here?
It's not a circular argument if homophobia is inherent in people.
You can get a country flair in the sidebar to the right ->
Also, I don‘t have any people that are at risk in my family ~~andmydadtoldmehewouldn‘tcareifIdiedbecauseofthevirusbecauseIwould‘vediedanywaysoIdon‘tcareeither~~
Nice translation that is, in german it's "Das Schicksal ist ein mieser Verräter" which means "Fate is a lousy traitor"
Take my upvote
But I could totally see why you would want to wear them, it was often times icy as fuck
I want other people to tell me about my mistakes so I will get better
Any follow up trade deal is going to take longer than two years to negotiate and so a fallback to WTO or worse was always part of rhe plan.
they're a weird choice for breakfast when you're used to muesli with milk
I really enjoyed reading most of them
Edit: So, I figured why the numbers were so different from another
I have family there who I visit a lot and so many people are "apolitical". younger generations especially are sort of detached from politics
same in German tbh
Everything else is usually not for cars but for hikind, hence they are not sealed
yeah
But they aren't standing up for our culture.
wine for Austria
I think he is talking about Roma which are begging all over Vienna.
Or just „Schummler“
No and everybody needs to chill the fuck out.
Not that hard to be good at a sport you invent though
"Feldhasen" so hare is the correct english term?
Ja, fast 100 Jahre später kann man das natürlich mal so lässig behaupten goi
Here it's something boring, you don't learn a lot of stuff which you wouldn't learn in religion in school and it's something old people do
* The oldest written record about this name etc
Oh Comrade Corbyn
Heute gestohlen, morgen in Polen
It‘s really funny
I can see all the French and demi-French smiling in nuclear (Sweden and Slovakia too)
If I can't see around a tight corner I adjust my speed so that I'm able to stop in a reasonable time
FPÖ said that they won't contest the election, so the glue's OK
Portugal, Spain and Greece all became democracies and joined the EU making it an attractive investment
In WW1 it was allowed again
Glückwunsch brudi hier isses eh besser als in amerika
Henry II even became Duke of Bavaria for a short while after the Duchy was taken from [Henry the Proud] for not recognizing Conrad III, current King of the HRE
You do realise that you are speaking about a Part of Roman MYTHOLOGY
Ts ts ts
"\[...\]  to secure the deal recently promised by Trump and Ursula von der Leyen, the European Commission president
I'd have missed the most beautiful places and scenes in my life without a car
There are some more meme pages on Facebook that are not that bad but still overall I don't really enjoy them
I think even Russians have respect for the Finns after they paid a heavy toll in the winter war.
The same points are true for Luxembourg.
It's quite surreal all this - but at least we all feel like we're doing something
This is a dumb idea TBH, it would cause many problems
I also use them on hot summer hikes in the flatland
Never before has a campaign been operating with that kind of maliciousness, that Hofer and his supporters have shown
Last weekend i was for the first time hiking in italy (actually a mountain on the austrian italian border) and while and all of the austrian hikers greeted as usual, to my surprise none of the italians did before i initiated contact
yep, he crazy, no surprises here, move along
But I think we can’t understand it as good as the Swiss people
In jeans and a cardigan
we had an habsburg monarch as the leader of spain, the royals from gb, prussia, france and russia were related to austrias emporer
Basically, yes
Oh, I misread the question, I thought it meant in my own country, my bad
It's funny, I feel the same way about every German I meet
Today, I mainly watch every series in english
We know that the reality in Austria isn't like that and that's probably the reason why it wasn't successful here.
The are well known as B2C in Austria for a variety of fruit juices and ice tea
That sounds a bit weird - the normal work time allowed by law in Germany is 48 hours - yes
i guess i'd too feel weird if erdogan was at my doorstep.
We'll feed you with so many Kaiserschmarrn 'till you explode
Gleich an Befohlenen
My hometown (linz) was occupied by the allies south of the danube and north was soviet
You can't go around punching people because they have other ideologies
-**easy access to wooded areas (forest etc)
Well there's the Ibizia-Video, literally everything in there qualifies
I also hope to visit your wonderful country again soon my friend, had nice times there
Yeah im a Lower Austrian living in Vienna and we don't put salt on our Mohnweckerl here - gotta try your variant out tho :D
Yes Austrians don't ONLY talk in dialect, but 99% of the time they do.
Their marriage is just called diffrently.
„Take that down immediately, what are you doing
Let me introduce to the accepting world of *[Burschenschaften
Welchen Mehrwert hat dein Beitrag denn für Leute die Griechisch nicht sprechen
Nowadays they're defined as 0,3l and 0,5l but they're derived from pre-metric measurements
Grab em by the pussy
Same thing with musicians: Andreas Gabalier is well known right now, and Falco and Udo Jürgens are still well known - but they will probably be forgotten in a few decades
Yes
You have to pay before you distill
Worked well against the misrepresentation of (even current) facts spewed by Trump
23°C below that and the madame gets cold feet and conversations tend to get monotopical until I readjust the setting
I’m from the Alps and my absolute comfort-temperature is 15-19°C.
What are their hobbies and interests
The economy was down and people had nothing left to be proud of
Please don't spread fake news about me; I am an ÖVP voter and nothing but an ÖVP voter since 13 years.
The one in Austria is a nature and wildlife reserve and only accesable to public with guided tours.
Yeah, it's just different concepts of what's allowed, and how people are expected to behave (see my [comment] above)
Also, it's not a frozen rock in the middle of nowhere, [but a cute little green island with trees and shit, and a small monument] I think you can also go fishing there
>might influence the election result in September
Not as much tourists, but people trying to move to the city: People offering a fully furnished rental flat at a good price, but requiring you to transfer the first rent "in advance", then never contacting you again
>attack on our embassy
Not saying you're not right about your assumption, they're gonna milk this cow as much as any, but when it gets there, we should remember that
The price is 1
Technically, not a list
I love how one of these "new" flags is basically an Austria flag ripoff with less white
Rather self-explanatory, but if something is in "Djibouti", the thing or person referred to is very far away
British self-deprecation feels much more tongue-in-cheek then when Germans/Austrians or Eastern Europeans do it.
&#x200B;
nerdy question, but given Cristiano Ronaldo's last names which are dos Santos and Aveiro, could you pinpoint him from that as being from madeira
Czech Republic: remove your fucking atmonic litter from our border
> forgetting to use articles
We don't need friends the second we agree on turning into the United States of Europe.
Multi-Speed isn't a new idea, it's proposed since back when Schröder was german chancellor.
I hope you're all enjoying the extra long weekend.
Look at a map where the city of linz is
Lol true actually
Sometimes there are some diamonds in the rough but you'll have to dig in my opinion
people really are clueless about history.
> cool username
The whole lot of you
Just seems wholly unnecessary, even if you wanted to sterilize transsexuals
I can assure you that while people may criticize Wagner as a person, his works definitely aren't being dismissed from a musical standpoint
You mean Tyrol
It looks beautiful for a day and then it just sucks
(Though I think its also taken as "Eastern Empire/Empire in the East" on occasion
Whether you are religious or atheist, I do not care and you can practice, **as long as you do not affect anyone negatively**.
Thank you, very interesting
* -> Marie Antoinette
Can confirm, hate Germany for no reason too
That's true
>I always thought that story was impressive, but your relative's sounds moreso
Why the hell is Austria the only country on that map which is empty
But where that's not the case then I hope we don't waste too much time on what the UK gets out of it.
Austria is sooooo different in this case
Definitely one of my favourite subreddits :D
Pretty sure "Der Komissar" was very famous, Austria's first chart #1 in the US since Mozart
Person living in Vienna here
As a kid you don't really think whether a character from a cartoon has this or that nationality
And the real Sisi did love horse-riding
(That's also why there's a group of people that avoid Eurovision all together, while others like it exactly for that reason, as a "guilty pleasure".)
There was this motto "tu felix austria nube" which means something like: you happy austria, marry
Krapfen is the only correct word
My grandfather worked in a soviet factory after WWII during the occupation and lived in the soviet sector
Das geht sich einfach nicht aus
>das „Oida“ (*Alter*) wird auch ohne sichtbaren Zusammenhang fast jedem Satz vor- oder hintangestellt
Sorry, not here
Eiche -> Oach -> oak
century bc
Of course there are racists as well, but I am sure you know that they are everywhere
Often the shoes or the sunglasses
Edit: sorry I did not really answer your question: the US has a poverty and violence problem
Does it have to be in my own country
the leather conforms to your foot over time and makes them fit like a pair of gloves, and also makes for a much better foot climate than crappy plastic shoes as well
Leon's/Lion's Stone), [there's no lions there]
Bernie Sanders would fit in sorta well with the Social Democrats in Austria, and they're centre-left
I live near Boston with all the Irish people.
It's more like they never think about us because Austria is utterly irrelevant to most Germans
It's crazy to me that Conservative parties up and down the continent seem to be emulating Sebastian Kurz
I knew that lower tiers of FPÖ-party members believe in all kind of "the whole world is against us" conspiracy theories, but that a leading member of a party really believes into typical Freimaurer-conspiracy theories and accuses his political opponent with that kind of stuff in public television really blew my mind.
Chechnya (if you count that) and Russia (not because of the people but the because of the politics)
[Austrian Skiiers did the same in December 1998.]
Not saying its a bad place overall but the leadership is atrocious and I won't support a government like that
And Austria is still an abomination WRT to smoking.
Pretty solid list so far, but I'd drop one of those (mostly London, I've nothing against it...) for another city like Venice, Florence, Budapest, Vienna, Prague or Berlin.
so non-eu countries shouldnt stick together with eu countries or what's your point?
After all this is an emergency situation
well, officially its an [eagle] but it should actually be a [Schnitzel]
Like always, the Spanish know what's important in life and what's not
Really, if you know how to plaster random words together then you can make up words of your own and everybody will understand it
I like the concept, I don't like their execution.
At this moment (noon) the Spanish started shooting cannons and gun salutes and fireworks all over the city, to celebrate their "Spanishness". All the birds of the city flew up at the same moment
Additionally somehow Ireland would receive less money from the EU because of the increase.
You have to prove that you have a good language level before you can even enroll in a state university.
Not sure why this is special, you can see such graffiti on most blocks in every major European city, ESPECIALLY Germany/Austria.
I always thought that Tschechei is just the name for the region (Čechy) as opposed to the whole nation
Professors specifically since you have to get a bunch of degrees to become a professor
Because when I'm in the US, I don't buy a new american sim card for my phone, I use my european sim card.
That would be quite a *pivo*tal event in history.
Its practically the same kind of sausage, but its called "Frankfurter" in Austria and "Wiener" in Germany.
> the damn pols and russians
Like, do you actually pronounce "Versteckt" properly where you're from, or is the spelling just the same
Also NATO is military organization.
It was covered extensively in Austrian and German media.
that's the first one where I have to say I haven't seen that yet at home
At least these are the jokes I always hear from Germans
A few weeks ago, he claimed that there were no muslimic nurses
Much like it was from 1923 till the establishment of
Makes FinnishBolshevik proud
You may hate them but still greet them this way
Like rice cooked with pasta, or cheese with Arequipe
[Sort of like this
Although it should be added there's a range, it goes from the famed "shake everybody's hand once you arrive and don't forget anybody" to "oh we normally just wave in the general direction of people and hug our closest friends". I've noticed it is more common among younger people (<40) who grew up in Vienna and who might have picked up on Turkish customs in school (heavy conjecture); seems not to be as prevalent among younger people who moved to the capital for studying or work
What matters is the Chancellor which the FPO party needs to win in 2018 which they're leading by almost 10 points
You can ride a 50cc bike/scooter from the age of 14 here so most people get one for a few years until they can get a car, then many don't even consider getting a bike again.
Reasons for dating romanian women: They're beautiful
Im on my way to the westbahnhof and even planning to buy two cheesburgers - goodbye world :(...
Good times
Why would you argue it's more correct
Rather self-explanatory, but if something is in "Djibouti", the thing or person referred to is very far away
We don't want people to know about our private lives
Actually the city is called Leoben, but in the ridiculous local dialect, people say it like that
Oh, and in the morning they just show exactly the same things they broadcasted the previous afternoon
You can practice something for an eternity but people will not accept it unless you went to an university and get yourself a fancy title
But what kind of stone
If they'd tell me 2+2=4 I wouldn't believe them.
in styria they are also very commen, especially the Octavia station wagon
I started to argue with him and suddenly a guy came up to the car, opened the door and dragged me out of the car
He didnt care a bit about his childhood home and instead saw the Austrian army as his home
Id argue that a professional military would be more cost efficient
The green party has its fair share of hypocrites too, it's  pleasantly surprising I'd say
But we have our own way of saying that
[There is also a video about it, and the person who made it can currently be seen in a campaign against covid, produced by the city
Some of these supplies were then captured by the advancing Turks while the rest of the supply train was reorganized and went on
The Russian party was of course the head honcho but the Ukrainians still had their place in it - especially in the administration of the Ukrainian SSR
When beeing called out for that, he cited a masters thesis which prompted the author of that thesis to come forward and deny that her thesis offered any basis for that claim
I've only heard it being used in old movies or series
nope, not at all
Just in case visitors need to call for  help
You sure you don't mean *Königgrätz*?
This phrase is commonly used
* Johann Strauß & Johann Strauß Sohn (father & son)
This barely gets any press attention here.
And it doesn't rain that often.
100 EUR = a refill at a gas station and some candy to go
There is really no thinking involved there
12)
I hope your "womanly instincts" have matured since then because that guy seems to be the antithesis of a good son in law
But whenever i speak to friends that's the word we use.
There's one or two spots close to party areas that I know can be filled with drunk and rowdy people at certain times at night (Stadtbahnbögen, Bermudadreieck), wouldn't want to be among them if I can avoid it but more for convenience considerations (loud, obnoxious) than for those of safety
We didn't do it often, but still.
Both are iconic images
Would say Vodka Juniors but their songs are in English
well, the Russians made very sure that the colonization works and had very strict language programs in every single village
Almost everyone knows that we got anschlussed by germany during ww2
a redneck is not the same as a "country bumpkin", in your examples the defining connotation of lower social class is completely missing
absolute cringe
* Female smokers aged 10 - 14: 3
- I like eating sweet things and I enjoy baking stuff like Austrian Christmas cookies or Sachertorte
Especially afteg we kicked out the Germans 4 years earlier
Even worse that a chair is стол, it always makes me think for a second
It's the most common second language in the EU, it's spoken natively in Ireland and Malta (and potentially hopefully soon Scotland again)
Not every Austrian lives in the Alps
I don't feel like there are any specialities genetically or fashion-wise
Aside from that you are partially looking at data of such small scale that it's not event statistically significant.
Sure there are some areas where the drunks hang out and whatnot but Vienna is as safe as can be
so Djibouti
Maybe in the future, but with a second kid coming soon it won’t be for a while
Greet You, i am the John, beautiful, You knowing-to-learning
Where-from come They
Like those people saying "I speak Bosnian, Croatian, Serbian,..."?
*glances at the bookshelf and the book "Böhmische Küche"*
Waldviertel kinda as well
you want to ask, if there is space for your empty glass in the full dishwasher or you want to ask if you have enough fuel in your tank for a specific route.
Don't know why
In rural places not so much
We will start by teaching you a proper language
Has been for years
Also their cars and general technical expertise
[I have no idea, it looks sooo tasty]
Klafter for 3 m³ of stacked wood
Vienna uses "Liebe Fahrgaeste" (Dear passengers) and nobody ever complained.
> FIFA publisher had argued that the content of its FUT packs only had value within the game itself, as they could not be converted into money
Austria thinks the lake belongs to everybody, Switzerland wants clear borders and Germany doesn't care I think
Monty python and the holy grail: Ritter der Kokosnuss which translates to Knights of the coconut
Please provide the links
It just sounds like we are the exception here in Europe
The way people talked about women there and actually thought they were being smart or funny is something I just couldn't immediately associate with actual sincere behaviour.
A lot of Austrians would rather cut off a limb than be caught offering anything but complaints about Austria
I personally don't see how Russia lost
etc
Thanks
Most Spanish people try not to scream (especially in quiet countries like Austria), because the are afraid that someone might tell them something in English, and then they'd have to respond in English, and they are embarrassed of their English (this applies more to older people though)
Frugals really are confident idiots
Random cars can be stopped as well, though this is relatively uncommon
extremist groups like the "Grey Wolves" subverting the Social Democratic Party of Linz, the third largest town of Austria.
Daytime drinking, and events that dress up as cultural or national holidays or festivals so everyone is fine to daytime drink
Eastrick or Austrick
The rise of protestant confessions is also frequently associated with the rise of capitalism.
Im about as much a fan of Boris Johnson then i am a fan of Trump
Tbh most of us younger people don't really speak with such a strong dialect anymore
Social service and welfare facilities could enter the lottery if they wanted cookies
Intetesting fact: the first known condoms were invented in Wales
And the one thing people around here could get behind that he did -- working out some sort of general healthcare for at least for those who couldn't afford it -- was publicly torpedoed by even some Democrats
Salaries range from 1,150 EUR (lowest average) to 20,200 EUR (highest average, actual maximum salary is higher)
looks russian/The russian way (to do smth
sometimes we aslo have an Oktoberfest
Geb ich dir recht :)
Also in Austria you can share insurance for multiple cars
In that election you vote for a party, and the candidate of that party (usually the head of the party) will become chancellor in case of victory AND if the president instructs him to form a government (which of course usually happens)
DDr
As they are the only ones with an Alemannian dialect
So a bedroom, a living room, a kitchen of cat-swinging size, and a bathroom would be 3.5 rooms.
Stir constantly, they burn very easily
Wasn't there a guy that was serendipitously cured because of a bone marrow transplant from a person that was immune to that specific strain of HIV or am I misremembering things?
Ich versteh bis heute nicht wie man als Standardsprachler ohne auskommt
It's good to have more holidays than the neighboring countries like Germany ;)
weird
You should seriously consider to sell the DB to ÖBB
But we were much more relevent in the past!
>This why there is Y in Ye Olde
So I guess it really depends on where you live in Germany, people are probably not that welcoming to foreigners in every part of Germany.
so you know which country you're in, duh
In every village, in every smaller or bigger town.
as I stated above, I am talking with a technical degree from Uni
It's barbaric
> riots in supermarkets
Austria's exceptions only apply for natural born Austrians or "famous people".
Another extremely interesting historical figure from Poland was witold pilecki
Well, that is because you aren't supposed to
I have one game where the main character talks in a cringy fake Southern accent, the German dub is much better
It's completely the same in Austria.
70€ a year for students with a valid student id
Maybe you first should look up the formal definitions, rules and regulations of:
At this point it's pretty much safe to assume that the ones who don't support this shit are the outliers
We have many different dishes that would fit, but I'm gonna use this opportunityto talk about one from my region that is pretty unknown in the rest of the country: [Schlipfkrapfen]
- Tramezzini bread with a thin layer of mayonaise
makes me wonder how familiar other nations are with American sports.
You'd be surprised about the many possibilities of (not) placing that h
You can criticize a lot about the Union but they would never ban abortion, destroy rule of law and endanger the neutrality of the courts
On my fathers-side my great-grandpa was only in the Wehrmacht
I loved Graz
What about Albania and Bosnia then, where over 50% of the population are Muslims.
I was expecting a gross exaggeration, but that actually does sound bad
And I still sometimes think Belarus is in France
Makes people feel included and smart.
Yeah I can only vote for the greens, and they are so out of touch with reality they aren't even in our national parliament anymore, but at least they are so far removed from reality that I can vote for them there, as someone who loves in reality has to actually implement their ideas from there
Don't know how it works in the Ladino areas though
(I‘ve never noticed how weird that sounds up until now)
(last election: 21,2%, 40/183)
The phenomena of the Communistic Party of Austria: In Austria's 2nd biggest city, Graz, they once again become 2nd with 19,6%.
gemütlich = gmiatlich
all of that and more
Basically, to become president of Austria you have to get 50% + 1 vote
Man, I wish we had Germany's problems when it comes to politics.
As they renamed it removed it from the map :(
You see the trains and trucks everywhere
People joke about it sometimes, but it's definitely not a complete taboo
**Slovakia:** also as a respresentative for many other countries further (south)east, a BIG *thank you* for taking care of our elderly
But it is mostly acceptable and women like it
Köln, Düsseldorf
Does anyone hate that
Didn't stop you before, and you didn't even have cars or planes back then :P
I thought they were made legal before that but it seems I remember it wrong
> What are those
Delicious english food
Edit: All of my german friends did too
On the newspaper in international it‘s almost daily
**Lower Austria**: Has been a dictatorship for the last 27 years (God Emperor Pröll first and now his proxy Hanni, the mother of a few of his children)
), you can get by without any Basque just fine
People who were a bigger deal in the Wehrmacht or SS weren't allowed to join the military
Once global warming hits hard that'll be the only places still suitable for human life
Greetings, have fun
Even if they did, reinstating it later still makes it an interwar one
But what kind of stone
It is
I knew about the FPÖ but around here people are more open about hating the green party than the FPÖ (idk may be because of my dad), and I kind of assumed that that‘s the same around the country, sorry for that
She meant early as in light out
In german, sensitive is „sensibel“, often also written as „sensible“, as I‘ve seen, and sensitive is vernünftig/sinnvoll
Only on the national holidays, it's usually the municipals which decorate the streets and public buildings with it
Please don‘t be ashamed to speak a language
Only government owned buildings do
I've just been protesting in Austria
Always a merchant republic, most of the times someone from Venice, but I tried every single one, it's just the style of gameplay that suits me the most just politics and hoarding money
I never learned anything at all, I just watched YouTube Videos in english since I‘m six and I now have really good spelling and grammar
The new constitution attempted to give both the Turks and Greeks equal rights, f.e. by giving the Turkish minority a veto power
In Austria it's defined by the collective bargaining contract of your industry.
Good thing we also had a Mexican dude with very good English and German skills, he explained it to them
NZ for example might not border Australia directly, but you still would cross only the Australian and NZ border if you went the direct way.
For the central European countries the EU only brought restrictions, incredibly price increases, (10 before the Euro a loaf of bread in Austria cost a 50c.
>lots of people do a terrible Sean Connery impersonation
This is the real "common misconception"here: Austria never attempted to convince the world of either
It's deeply troubling and social media amplifies it
Then say so, because most migrants around here are from Germany and the Balkans.
Let's invite at least Slovenia for a little bit of mediteranian coast line.
There peak was some years ago, but both are still popular.
I haven't seen a university yet where research output from employees (includes PhD students) does not belong to the university
Because pnany people are idiots
It's interesting, because we German speakers do something similar
I wouldnt say that, thats way to generalized
I miss being able to go skiing on 2m of natural snow
I also think this map is incomplete without adding the names
They look similar but I guess they mean different things.
Other countries: Bratislava, Prague, Cesky Krumlov, Cracovia, Buda, London, Stuttgart (more of a palace really), Madrid de los Austrias (I guess
As Kid my favourite cheese was "Steirer Glundner" and you basically can't get it outside Styria and Carinthia (where it's called Kärntner Käse)
You can go hiking but you can also chill at a lake.
Nice a favorite country of mine writes positive stuff about a favorite country of mine
One where students and education is their main priority (and I‘m a student) and the other one just because they aren‘t homophobic at all
I had no idea
A very deadly trap
turns into Las Ketchup's
like a fairy tale ...
Which
I would say I'd boycott their stuff but I don't play any of their games anyhow
Well you're welcome to become my neighbor ;)
hehe, first I had to look it up to make sure there was no special u-after-g-but-not-ü rule coming into play; the finer points of Spanish orthography can get tricky for me (especially when you throw Catalán into the mix)
There should be old tracks still
Might be a win-win situation for us both.
oachkatzl is the animal, but its tail is called oachkatzlschwoaf
Be prepared for some cultural differences that you might misinterpret as unfriendlyness towards you.
They all have the same colour scheme, but the inscription changes based on the county on one side
And whether any of it was worth the struggle all hinges on ONE set of exams
In addition to the explanation of /u/marko_noebl, you should know that there are also "Meldefonds" and "Nicht-Meldefonds".
Wahlgang" on the upper left side foe this round.
Unfortunately "protest" votes in Austria have traditionally always gone to the right (read, FPÖ).
>Ionian Islands
You really don't have to clean up organic matter like pumpkin seed peels
Far from it
You are wrong though if you think that this means that it will collapse.
Although we are not a typical tourism country i believe 10% of economic performance comes from tourism and also we have many very (internationally) succesful companies
I just want a few damn weeks of winter and snowy weather
Well, maybe because pork's cheaper than veal...
TL;DR: Turkey invaded, claiming to protect a Turkish minority, and then just kept their troops there in violation of international law
[Same here
pls no anschluss 2
Why was it deleted
I am speechless
To be fair, Kindershooting sounds kinda weird to me as a native German speaker as well
Do the math, if she doesn't go somewhere daily, and/or only over short distances, even taxis are cheaper than the all-in price of a car (buying price, insurance, repairs, gas, ...)
A working fusion reactor
Sebiunouva
Especially towards the end
Vorarlberg is language wise actually closer to BaWü than Bavaria and have a direct connection over the Bodensee
Had to spend 2 hours there before going to the airport
We still have a shit manager though, so it probably won't matter
Edit: thank you kind stranger
Feuerzeug - fire thing - lighter
The whole "I can drink a lot because I'm xy" is so stupid.
They had a kind of earth, wood, and brick made castle up there, but it burned down at some point
geht sich (nicht) aus“
;-)
Thiel just does not see anything wrong with that because ij his opinion others will go in and disrupt the monopol if it gets too bad.
Now there are hardly any around
I'm glad you like it :)
I also heard Germans making fun of Austrians for our dialects
Why even bother with what
But with the younger generation this seems to slowly fade-away, so it might just be that
Austria is way lower on that Graph than Germany, but Germany's has 10x as many inhabitants than we do, making our numbers per capita roughly the same.
Also no sports facilities and teams, and no "XY university" sweaters
Now I am back in Vienna and it is like 12 degrees
what mountains ?
Upkeep, more complex restocking, buying the vending machine, etc
I‘m sorry, I‘m terrible at spanish geography
many people are kind of afraid or on edge of everything that is highly different to what they're used to and what they're unfamiliar with
Shop workers hate it
Well the question itself is kinda annoying already
Technically he composed that in Slovakia though
Back to the Church State
Don't forget Kickl
And he has been suggesting that for a while now.
In Austria it's officially illegal EXCEPT in certain situations, such as within the first three months of pregnancy, or if there's danger to health or life of mother or child
That‘s actually a good point
Google Maps
You do realize "N" as a standalone letter is pronounced "eN"? So if you say it out loud it makes perfect sense
There are quite a few loanwords in my dialect that don't exist in standard German like "liesnen" meaning to listen
> culturally vibrant
> Let them rot in their ignorance
> Esperanza Aguirre made sure nobody took her seriously while she consolidated her power
It's pretty decent but the community ist pretty akward
And Germany is not a free-market economy?
Vianna hospitals report "several dead and severly injured"
The flag of Linz is red-white, so that's not it.
The Beneš decrees which legalised this injustice are still valid in the Czech Republic so there isn't any justice.
If in your company someone can miss 3 days and is able to make up for it easily your company is ready to let some people go soon.
] They have had their house in the center of Vienna since 1222
Maybe it takes
And let's not forget that there is party in our government which had the portrait of said dictator hanging in it's central [till recently] (hint: It's not the FPÖ this time)
Chancellor Kurz just confirmed that the police officer is not dead but severely injured
I thought Swedish police is like in [Kopps] :-(
The one in the middle, slightly to the right is the AUVA building (insurance company).
What is your filling
There is no law here against burning a flag but a [law against insulting the flag] It's up to 6 month jail or a fine depending on your income.
When traveling with train is either too expensive or it takes longer than a 24h day
People do know that the german word is *Vereinigtes Königreich (von Großbritannien und Nordirland)*, yet they decide to use England synonymously for the whole thing.
What's "wrong" in your opinion is that he is for due process and not this crazy "whatever the media say" thing
I never knew that French Polynesia is such a large and diverse place
I‘m sorry, I‘m terrible at spanish geography
Liechtenstein, Monaco, Vatican City, Malta
This must have tasted excellent, because from that day the cake was considered “presentable at court” and was regularly on the menu of the imperial court
If you think about the name you realise it's meant the mouth of the river it's located, but it's odd nonetheless
San Marino's back is hurting from carrying the honour of the microstate status year after year
Please teach me, foreigners
You guys have gay spars
I guess loads of people are in a similar situation, they just don't rant about it publicly.
It is the exact opposite to home sick, the yearning to leave your known surroundings behind in search for the unknown
In my opinion everything in Austria is very nice haha
I imagine there were fines for those who begged, which they couldn't have paid anyway
On our last day there we got really Drunk with our Italien Friends, to the point,  where I spoke somewhat drunken english with a guy From my school and we didn't realise until we sobered up a bit
A Kebab, spicy with everything and Ayran is probably the phrase I said most often in my life
Yeah, but replacing Rock with Well doesn't add something to the Game, so why should you so it for other than flavour
Post-WW2 Kreisky is probably the only politician that everyone knows
If you count soccer tournaments
Hm I have never thought about it, but this seems to get along well with Ironie, Sarkasmus and Zynismus triplet, also ascending in malignity
Also most books I read where us but most subtles I read where UK
Rapunzel is named Rapunzel because her mom had some serious pregnancy hunger flashes and wanted some rampion salad (Rapunzel)
A bit late to the party, but as I'm reading this the song is played in the background in an construction office in Sweden
War simply isn't an option for conflict resolution anymore.
Always true
It's gotten to the point where I really have to strain to hear words and not just sounds, and have to look up lyrics if I really want to know what a song is about (and normally, promptly regret I did so)
It just comes from "Osterrichi", initially just meaning "place in the east (of the Empire)" iirc
No homemade Rindssuppe, where you eat the beef cold cutted
Bless god I live in a country where prostitution is legal
You are going to be constantly tempted to retain "sophisticated" advisers who charge "nominal fees
What's the point of that remark?
Learned it the hard way ordering standard size plate holders
> Those traits sound very specific and personal and impossible to generalise over entire countries
even the fall of austria-hungary was a historic moment that took place in bosnia and herzegovina
DIE BÜESTE
Not *that* many I think
Sometimes I feel like some Bergkäse, sometimes i am a simple cheddar man, sometimes I crave mozzarella and tomatoes, sometimes I prefer brie, sometimes emmentaler, sometimes wensleydale with cranberries, and sometimes I feel like something blue.
Das also war des Pudels Kern
The winner(s) were decided with a drawing
Elae i would have made the post xD
iPhones are more expensive and luxurious in design and marketing, and while that can be seen as an advantage, one shouldn't forget that there's a decidedly anti-consumerist streak in Austrian culture
They are tested in case of a nuclear or natural catastrophe or in case of war
We were talking about multiethnic states
**Brits** have some similarities with Italians
I'd say it's by far the Kölner Dom
Overall I think it's not too special but I can't complain
Let's hope it stays that way and that the last attackers get caught
Yes, that's exactly how they work
Grüß Dich, ich bin der Johann, schön, Dich kennenzulernen
Thats the list from 26.10.2016.
I see you often posting on /r/askeurope and it's most of the time some nationalist bullshit.
Anno was originally developed by the Austrian company Max Design
[Source]
There are no stray dogs in Austria afaik
;-)
Pretty much all music from Beethoven
Of course it's a gamble what Iraq in 7 years will look like.
/r/SchnitzelVerbrechen
Only true 1000 AD kids will remember this!
How
Unless you just want to be in your socks (which I suppose could be seen as barbaric from a Japanese POV?).
Thank you for coming to my rant about numbers
(Also they may be regional)
Our only civil war and enacting the first fascist regime in Austria seems like a big thing
Even if you don't need a passport for border checks within the Schengen area , it is still always highly recommended to take a passport or ID card with you, so you can prove your identity if needed (if stopped by police, boarding a plane, etc
China/Korea
Never order without onions
oh, so its safe to say Lake Garda is not were you go to party, because Riva was pretty dead at night
I heard that it was given up when the army realized that as a neutral country they could only use nuclear weapons as a defense on their own soil, and using a nuclear weapons in a small country like Switzerland might be a bad idea
Many people in Austria use [these] Some of course just use a knife
Is he aware of it
As somebody who works in tourism its nothing but annoying if somebody greets you in your language but doesnt speak it
I've hoarded soil, pots, plants and seeds to keep me occupied
Almost died of boredom, and caught 1 tiny fish.
Ukraine will eventually become a EU member
It just has a 'wrong' feeling to it (assuming you're not far right)
Because that's quite literally what some people seem to wear
(iirc)
Well that’s fine then - but why is it a problem then for you that the EU will now give those benefits only to member states and exclude the UK from them ?
>  Heizölrückstoßabdämpfung
However, it's located next to a big, gorgeous lake, there are a ton of things to do as a tourist in the surrounding area and it has a statue of a Dragon on its main square
Nothing much apparently
I am really sceptical about NATO.
Heck, on the biggest radio station in the country there is a horoscope every day
Yea kinda fucked up
I hate these people from the bottom of my heart.
This is good advice, I'd just like to add some more explanation/background on the topic of bonds:
quite
The place I consider to be my "hometown" (in Upper Austria) had people living there by 1300-800 BC.
hard agree; and have a cutoff date at around 70
Most people will stop after the first page of google results, or maybe after checking social media
The best life expectancies in Italy are in the North, thats Alpine climate
And she didn't misspeak either, she kept talking about gigabytes of CO2, presumeably instead of gigatones
I wouldn't mind to move abroad for a while to work
The blob on the map is Klagenfurt.
At least you have the ability to learn, not everyone does
A very big obsession
Actually it's from Milan though
exactly the same here
I doubt any country can survive a super power fueling a civil war in that country.
>I've yet to encounter anyone taking the choice of words serious enough outside of outrage articles
This terror will not intimidate us
A odd example would be Kings landing which was translated to Königsmund (literally kings mouth)
I‘m the youngest out of the family and have been the shortest for a long time, right now I‘m a little bit taller than my mom tho
Aus dem Archiv, Linz war ja als Hauptstadt im 1000-jährigen reich vorgesehen, oder?
But most are with people inside.
Meanwhile in Germany: Home Made Full Auto Crossbow
Austrians do shake hands yes, but not with their closest friends.
Seems to be a pretty widespread thing in both Poland and former Austria-Hungarian territories
*estar* is for states and temporal properties (the cheese has gotten old and smelly)
It's super good
A through-hike of Austria alone will take quite a while and wild camping is always illegal below the tree line and often above tree line too (depends on the state).
That's not the spirit of the EU.
Wilders will win but forming coalition will be the problem.
&#x200B;
Also he is not exactly extremely popular.
Nope
Here's a nice little article about the problems with BVR combat:
They were actually in their early 20s
Same in Austria
We just call that "paying".
It starts on Karlsplatz
Of course, nationalism, irredentism and pan-whatever-ism were all the rage in the 19th century
It is celebrated by feminists and loathed by sex workers with many studies showing that it's effectiveness is questionable, and violent assault against sex workers raising by a factor of then in France ...
Karma für alle
This is funny because it's the right-wing populists that enjoy appealing to common sense so much.
Honestly thanks for the Wikipedia hole I just fell into, my knowledge on medieval Austria was getting way too rusty
Like I said, it is a hobby and some people like it
In Austria it depends
But you live in Arizona which is one of the cheaper states to live in
So everybody does the tests and vaccinations in the pass
No diversity in flour types if you want to make bread yourself for example
Germany is actually ahead of Austria
There always has to be some sort of "lingua franca" to reliable understand each other.
Kurz fucked up a lot
You can almost certainly get away with dressing up as Stalin, Mao Ze Dong or Mussolini, but as soon as it concerns national socialism EVERYTHING is a no-go in Austria.
It‘s quite interesting actually
Background
And I doubt we will manage, too many friends of Putin here
Definitely one of my favourite subreddits :D
It's the eve of an election year.
Brücke = Bruggn
Do Syrians like the global attention they're getting and did it somehow improve their lives
always found it interesting that the Russian capital is so far west, considering the enormous dimensions of Russia
Definitely Slovenian, there are a lot of folks who speak Slovenian in Carinthia but not due to recent migration, the so called "Carinthian Slovenians" ("Kärntner Slowenen" in German) are often indistinguishable from other Austrians, since they speak accent-free German like the typical Austrian, (some have a Slavic-like surname but that is all) but they speak Slovenian among them in order to maintain the cultural heritage
My first one is Switzerland
There are several stops and a large stop at the end
(Oke es is ned so weid weg vo da owaöstreichischn grenz owa drotzdem is des a beleidigung)
Last time I checked, Vienna is at an astonishing altitude of about 150m above sea level
I asked him what he meant and he said he thought that we always wear our local costume which looks like [this ]
Pfuh, dort wirst ja ordentlich zerlegt ;)
(Hope I didn't sound like I dislike Germany either; it's one of my favourite countries for travelling, but I can't say I feel all too close to it
Maybe also a bit like [this song about Schnitzl]
The only ones really complaining were the ones who like to complain about every fart that comes out of any non-Austrian ass
because there is no solidarity in the eu when it comes to immigration.
I heard there is 2-5 million of them in Ukraine
should've just told him to go back to the entrance and take his shoes off
any kind fo reform so far failed because of an overwhelming feeling of "but that's how we've always done it".
Wer sog „dös“?
That's my main reason for being strongly against switching to a pure professional military and abolishing military service
May and November each year, for as long as I can remember
Their purpose is to make money
so many memories
Also bad man with moustache
It isn't that hard believe when you know what he normal says or does
You should check out some of his movies.
So why would the USA do such thing then, when we are all besties sharing everything (we are not).
terms and conditions apply
There's a plan to move more institutions away from Vienna, but currently only 5 (National Environmental Office in Klosterneuburg, National Office for Water Management in Scharfling, the Austrian National Forestry in Purkersdorf, the National Office for Viniculture in Eisenstadt and the National Center for Language Competence) of 68 National Institutions are not in the capital, and 2 of those are in suburbs
Mostly New Year's eve, and certain festivals like the *Danube Island* free music festical in Vienna
'tis decided then
Shortterm nuclear is pretty good
Fuck advisers and their fees
Considering our current politics it probably should be taught even more extensively tbh
I think i've seen one in the whole last year.
Haven't heard too much hate about them from anyone around the country
If this is the new normal now for the next decade or maybe even longer and the EU doesn´t start to actually protect our borders, then this will not end peacefully for our societies.
Yeah, but I have read somewhere that such Slovenian names (describing a place) are more common in southern Austria than in modern day Slovenia
There are tons of war heroes from the Empire times which aren't really worshipped anymore, e.g. Radetzky and Tegethoff
I figured at least something similar to what the police in Cologne did.
I wouldnt want to speak a filthy eastern Austrian german though
If you get depressed over it, you'll at least be able to enjoy part of the experience.
And no additional security is gained
All the others are not High German
For small bus trips I prefer cash, when I commuted I paid a half year card in advance
I have never seen that either, still that drink is a staple here
OTOH everything below ~35 is easily bearable, bitching about 28°C is a bit
In my case I think our guide told us that we can go back in was, because our tour ended at around 3 and so entry without a guide would have been possible anyway when we got back to Auschwitz.
Haven't seen germany and Poland be the same colour on a map for a while
My girlfriend always tells me within Spain Catalans are famous for being ratas, moneywise
I never used it, because no one explained how to use it and I wasn't eager to try it out as a kid
Where have you been, if I may ask
Würstel / Wirschtl is normal here
The country being completely flat might also be a factor.
Nah this is pronounced *Wutsch* (in German)
Exactly this is how it's done here as well
Listening to music, I mostly want to enjoy nice beats and interesting rhythms
However, keep in mind that renting out a flat isn't risk free and can be a hassle.
The fact I forgot Malta even exists illustrates why it is an even better choice
6) Bring a large pot with lightly salted water to a simmer and put the dumplings in there for about 10 minutes
Especially in Kentucky and Tennessee
Somewhere in between
25th is mostly meeting with extended family, aunties, uncles, cousins and so on
With Brexit the job stealing brown people will finally go back to Czechoslovenia
Probably some "hand-me-downs" from parents/grandparents but I think a lot of households have a few items
And I said it's even worse, many even spend money they don't have
>I'm a mechanical engineer
-**proper bread
And suddenly you're not working 60+ hours a week but both of you work 40+ hours a week
Low german 80%
"Griasdi" or "Griaseich" is normal when hiking
In a 14 days schedule this is quite harsh...
Erdgeschoß, Halbparterre, Hochparterre, Mezzanin, Erster Stock – or, as other countries would call it, fifth floor
some of them have been forced on us, some of our own volition.
The person just replied that here is no vegetables.
If you only get professionals, you only get people who want to go to war to begin with.
**Upper Austria**: Bavarian Nazis, but on Crystal Meth
The shower smelled like a swimming pool
Mozart is pretty popular, idk if you coun't that as hero
shut up and just give me my kebap how I ordered it,  kebap man
Same in the US (Portland) but people do actually shout through the bus to say thanks and bye.
Arguing a moot point didn't change their view on the status quo?
On Guard
its depressing, especially in a country that had to endure so much to even have a vote
Thanks for coming after us in the alphabet (at least in English), so when the both of us get 0 points in the ESC, we can still say "at least we beat the Germans".
Tho we might be in for a drop because the government is having a corruption scandal right now
They‘re marching through the villages on feast days ([procession] weddings, birthdays, funerals (of a member)
Being Contra-EU is not being Pro-Independence, it's being Contra-Democracy
So, we need reconstruction camps?
but contemporarily, the freedom is higher, and I actually like the system
Sure, but this wasn't a reason why we need to keep them anyways
Danish ice cream is second to none
It's such an easy fix in my opinion
Even if the family name is the same, I'm sure that's just a coincidence that the family probably didn't think of.
Otherwise pretty cool museum if you don't know a lot of Switzerland (and need something to do on a rainy day), but that was pretty shite
That depends entirely on the kind of lies you're spreading.
About 1% of the cars I'd say
and a lamp/latern procession with singing.
He is such a disgusting creep, I can't even
I wouldn't dare to steal it from them.
Nowadays I know that I was just in a middle class bubble in the countryside where I've never seen real poverty
shame on everyone who goes there
Do you guys normaly get much snow down there
Also depends on the meal, a schnitzel or 1-2 pieces of pizza will most likely be taken home,
I almost exclusively know engineers
Because the typical genocide denier does not care about discussion
> EU languages
Luckily there were two other teachers present to which I complained about this showing them the notes of the three best students in class I borrowed
In Tirol oi, aui, eini, aussi and entn haha
I have faith in our anti-terror-unit
The mediterrenean is always bluer on the other side
Cultural boundaries are disappearing ever faster.
* What the institutions, such as the Court of the EU, the parliament etc
Mücke = Muckn
Actually everybody I talked to was very helpfull, especially the readhead bus driver who usually works on line 14 or 39
We once drove 3 hours one way to visit family and have lunch.
I got everything I needed except for some canned food
Maybe going further west, but not back
5 million objects in 13 departments and 12 locations in the Styrian cities of Graz, Stainz, Trautenfels, and Wagna (Flavia Solva)
Incorrect, they wanted to remind you of your Soviet past
Several thousands were killed during the deportations, in some cases women and children too.
OP, you phrased that as if it should be a joyous anniversary
It's not exactly a buying age
And they use it for consumption instead of investment.
What did you expect as the reaction from the EU to the Brexit referendum ? Did you have the hope for preferential treatment ? All at the same ? Just with no freedom of movement ? Where you that oblivious ?
Otherwise the standard stuff like mainstream music or Minimal.
> Er sagte "oh" nachdem er das Haus sah, das in einer Strasse mit einer scharfen Kurve stand
You see, there wouldn't be much of Europe left if you gave grumpy, old Austria this decision...
Much of the missconceptions about the EU came from UKIP propaganda which was mostly just factually wrong and Nigel Farage apparently was on a russian payroll
they only read the headline and celebrate it without looking into the article.
Heast Oida
&#x200B;
Too many latinate words
It certainly is good for some western cities and probably better than in the east but holy crap could it be better here too
The dialect still exists however in a very reduced form.
I have to be completely honest, I had no idea Hungary shares a border with Ukraine.
just because the other big option is equally bad or worse doesnt make it any more acceptable.
that's why I think we need different measures: section control, temporary impounding of offending vehicle for repeat offenders
That MP is the wife of Mr
Gift (poison)
I am really interested how you imagine how the EU - UK relations should look like a year or two down the road
>I usually help my father chop wood in the spring, then it dries over the summer and is used mostly in the winter
H...
Hell yes
The good thing about eating McDonalds while being completely shitfaced: When you inevitably throw it up again, it still tastes exactly the way it did when you ate it
These always creep me the fuck out.
If you're talking about origami, there's better paper than that
No country could have possibly paid the reparations that were asked of Germany due to Versailles
But overall: don't speak too loudly, don't tell us how everything is better in the US and don't expect customer service to crawl up your ass and you'll be fine
The vultures might get sick you know
Duke leopold came back from war and his white coat was drenched in the opponents blood, meaning he succeeded
I never saw it that way but i guess you're right
The US still won the race
How is Austria in any way responsible for it, when the Germans made him big
The Kunsthistorische & Naturhistorische in Vienna seem so much bigger
English = Green
As a reward bad of treats(clementine, peanuts, cookies maybe some other sweets) are handed out
"Protesters in Turkey clean their rooms and wash dishes in protest of Germ-ans"?
Is Shevchenko a common name in the Ukraine or is it just coincidence that two of the most famous Ukrainians have that surname
or maybe he just liked the name sake who is to say
Diesel
It comes in quite handy in everyday conversations
I thought it was their regal name, but now that I think of it, I guess Hawai'ian (regal) naming customs differ from European ones
But it is not to be compared to the German one
Question: why not look for a planet b?
&#x200B;
Austria being part of Germany
The Flak towers of Vienna are the most ugly buildings, but they were never build to be beautiful
I would expect about 20€ per night, depending on the size of the bedroom and the hut.
Turns out it's just mashed and fried potato buns
However, once you need it, its a lifesaver without question
But in contrast to WW2, every major European nation wanted WW1
Not gonna lie, that's kinda genius
I have no idea how to post pictures in the comments
Often the only way to notice is because you get a text from your provider that says that you crossed the border
Just imagine being in a coastal town and all the people are Austrian
It still snows every winter
EU - USA, EU - UK etc are not affected.
I doubt that any language in the world uses their own language exclusively
How can you have droughts, if your country is below the sea
A mild version would be an improvement
For a change, we do the Anschluss the other way around now ;)
There was a referendum and all that
In german, Swiper was still called Swiper, and as a kid I obviously recognized that this wasn't a German name (neither was Boots or Map)
They usually don't carry their AUGs unless the interior ministry says there is a real threat
* Male smokers aged 10 - 14: 2
The lowest two Lego sets I found on the offical Lego website are about 79,99€ (a Fiat-car-thingy / I‘m no good with cars, it was just a car and I think it was labeled as a Fiat >.<), and a Jungle Rescue Mission thingy for the same price
Netherlands = bikes
Houses from the 1800s are quite common everywhere and quite a few across Austria are (at least in part) considerably older
Like, [there's this little earth wall/ rampart] in a park on a hill, right next to the old city center
The british are way worse at admiting this
And their mayor is a disgusting piece of shit
Which one do you want to hear
This turns out incorrect, it was 81 to 80, but still fine sais head of parliament
But that was very much the teachers fault
If you are a master's student it should be somewhere 2k+ in Computer Science
I guess deaf people can't think either
You might not support abortion if you have to picture a 20 week old fetus vs a 12 week old fetus.
From the richest go the poorest people in town
Oh, it is senor
It's mostly the white working-poor class, they've been marginalized for years, now they've been mobilized.
I didn't know that most of them have Romanian citizenship to be honest
Probably a bit better in the 15-20 range, though
If you're in Krakow for you might as well go take a look at Auschwitz while you're at it.
Baden is also a region in germany and a city in Austria
I guess every Austrian knows this picture
The funny thing is that most prussians did never see much of austria except maybe vienna and so claim that we are almost the same
The EU has collapsed and our economy is fucked
Oder der Zauberlehrling
Nikolaus day on 6 th Decembre, whose appearance looks a bit similar to Santa Clause.
How dare you say Kasnudeln are inferior
personally i believe all the politicians who are in charge of brexit on the UK side, are just waiting for their death or a good chance to end their political career, so they don't have to deal with this anymore.
It was conected by a tram line so its esentially one city anyway
Not being at leat somewhat empathetic with that is not easy.
Except that there isn't an orphan problem in Europe.
Honestly, i dont think that ever happens
Those are all cities with lots of history as well as they have a proper nightlife.
The US is a very individual-focused country and I don't think this is good for the majority of people in the big picture
"-ig" is typical for carinthian slovene names, "-ek" for czech ones, and "-itsch" is for south slavic ones
I was once in Lithuania and tried to learn some phrases, but all I still remember is Dziugas :D
Can we also talk about how the EU budget is not a black hole
Its like a chaos stability
Its really funny if you look back a hundred years
haha, i read "1976" and thought "huh, it still looks the same" before reading this comment :)
> Any truth should stand any discussion or opposition
[It takes a Russian to take down a Russian…]
We are all living in a small village so things like this are really common, basicly most of my family lives nearby with the exception of 2 living in vienna, 1 living on the czech border and 1 living in poland
Thank god we have Photoshop now, that vaseline-smudged lens look is really creepy.
And are you finally able or willing to Answer my questions ?
(Attention is on the time - here today)
The reason it has "that Disney look" is that Disney copied this very castle in their logo.
And there is no reasonable justification for this.
Can also be seen in our [CoA]
Germany - Piefkinesien
I'm talking once every 75 years
I grew up with landline too and didn't have my first mobile until age 20 or so, but I can see your reasoning and it's probably correct for many
We have lots of jokes about that, like your word for condom is "Verhüterli" (which I know it really isn't) and stuff like that
Wouldn't it also be the most Belgian thing if they fail to name someone to be the spokesperson of the group and keep on reelecting and yet just don't find someone to do the job
At least in German there's the distinction between Adoptiveltern and Pflegeeltern like adoptive parents and foster parents..
That could be accomplished by an [underwater fighter with a crew of two and two torpedoes.]
The Quaran contradicts itself so often that there is the rule that the latest thing in the Quaran overwrites a earlier thing.
"Ey alda, voll keine Zeit, mach hinne"
There are hardly ever any people you would want to see naked.
Down with these traitors to the glorious empire.
Yes
- The [Kaplan turbine] was developed by an Austrian in Czechoslovakia
We have even more micro-states in Europe
It has snowed twice here in Vienna but the snow was gone within 24 hours both times if I recall
You don't. There's no other word, but to talk about honor *at all* sounds dangerously right-wing reactionary to German ears
But in Austria it also heavily depends on what height you're on, 0° feel a lot colder at 2500m than at 250m.
- Doch
Most of us wouldn't even have the space to host that many kids
He was really lucky though as he got released in autumn 1945 without any organs or kneecaps taken away from him
Some countries have harsher/more lenient standards of food, so of course the companies change the recipes according to it.
Looks like somebody should tell the Supreme Electoral Council that:
Perfectly shows that no, you can't just leave out the diacritics
Owa mit da Panier du Schnitzl, heit wirst klopft
The largest part of European weather is that we are on the West coast and that we don't have big coastal mountain ranges like America has.
Ethnic austrians should always be the majority in Austria, yes.
I meant the southern bank of the Danube in Upper Austria
That's why there like 80% taxes on cigarettes and I die earlier so no pension problems.
Just because you are ignorant about it doesn't mean it doesn't exist.
[DE/AT] Any opinions on "flatex" as an online broker?
The traditional version also is really puffed up as well
For the correct ' I have to hit shift-# and for the ´ I only have to hit the key next to the backspace
Just genuinely curious
Recently went to Norway and actually quite a lot of people spoke German and even at a museum the descriptions were in Norwegian, English and German
That has nothing to do with being blunt, that's just awful behaviour
She's a kid at heart
So I guess you are from Vienna
Also look at how much the passport improved in the last two years.
Now I have one reason more to be overly interested in hearing swiss german (not speaking it tho, I will 100% butcher it)
What shall he do
Apparently
The Schulztrain has just started.
Vienna would actually become bearable
"Meinst du ein kleeeiines Bier
This reads (and probably sounds) like Elvish.
No matter their sex or social standing
It just doesn't get used much though.
This would only be true if he didn't stop at the traffic light
Yes, if you run you can go from germany to belgium and back to germany within seconds
Austrian here cheering for my beloved northern neighbour, love you, Germany, go get em
> I haven't entered a church since I was in lower school :/
Saying to want to have acess to the single market says nothing more than that you don't to be embargoed by the EU.
With Mozart we Austrians are not on the same page
100%. anything else sounds very very wrong down here
r/croppingishard
He also explains in detail how his party gets funding without the court of auditors knowing about it
Even the Habsburg family is not allowed to call themselves "von Habsburg". However, the Dutch "van" is allowed
I'd say that is otr very well could have been an emergency
Radetzky grew up in the 1770s - a time were the national genesis of most of central Europe was far from the spring of nations 80 years later
No cheating was declaring that the Iraq has WMD's.
Well, maybe eat some [Croissants]#Origin_stories) dear dutchmen.
Hättst nur gwusst wos fir wöche Foign dia da owagscheita Kommentar bringa wiad hättst vielleicht dei Goschn ghoitn.
> Östereich
Spoilers: The major party licks the big capitalist's boots and is potentially stuffed to all hell
Now that I see that Wels is being mentioned I'm content, because I would have said the same thing
When you grow up in a non-english speaking country, american media all just blurrs together
Really
der wird Polizist".
Can‘t believe it
The rest of the text is on the same level of lyrical genius
People who live really close to the border, say, 15 minute drive, will sometimes get gas in other countries.
Idiots
You guys listened to our radio
But you live in Arizona which is one of the cheaper states to live in
I can't think of any examples in Austria
you should do it more often, transylvania is awesome
Austria has absolutely no duty to care for combat-age men from Marocco to Afghanistan.
Austria: [Freilichtmuseum Stübing]
When was that, the 1950s?
But I guess you just get used to the cold if you’ve grown up there
Where the fuck do you get convicted for racism.
either way, it's insane the degree to which war and devestation can push people
Rome wasnt nice, that is widely know
Oh how i miss you Trieste *sobs*
We just added the well but did not drop the rock
Oh, or the late Glawogger's "Sex, Drugs and Rock'n'Roll" trilogy
While eating nothing but amphetamines and pine buds for a week
And right now the whole eastern countries are in a really bad shape in that regard
He's been on my TV screen way too little
You can get a country flair in the sidebar to the right
The German use "Handy" as a word for "cell phone" is a [pseudo-anglicism] completely unrelated
Mozart in fact is Austrian
Also it's not only incredibly unfunny and unoriginal, but also incredibly illegal
That Russia is (and I know that's not true - the entire comment was a joke) a hellish hellhole
We got a total of 3 pity points for [Bob Martin's "Wohin, kleines Pony
Probably will be a fight between Denmark, Austria and Scotland
If any of you reading this are one of those women, or know one of those women, know, I am sorry
And for Austria I will always say Tiergarten Schönbrunn, the worlds oldest zoo
Macht Sinn
Fucking Baumkuchen
But this kinda proofs my point:  in Austria typically only people who are into cooking cook regularly
If you fail to get into a Gymnasium after elementary school your life will change dramatically not only because you are in a objectively worst school but also bc your friend circle will be a lot different
Otherwise you get a Yugoslavia situation.
You might be able to hear the boy choir sing in the Hofburg chapel on sunday.
The electoral college makes sure that they don't do, attributing different values based on the state
will people just give up on them
But not if they use a forced dialect, that‘s just awful
Well, I was at the Hungarian border, no Steiermark for me.
We also have many Arab visitors.
Bread, sausage
Yeah that sounds reasonable
Is someone who leaves and becomes chancellor in a neighboring country, then annexes his former country and gets rid of its name considered a traitor
Thats how they produce cakes industrially
Bees are important butthey are not only one who pollinate plants
Weren't these just pranksters in their own free time
maybe Belarus or if the ruble falls even further you can try Russia...
oh I can rant about Innsbruck allright
The usual, as with most countries:
It's no problem at all in Austria
"Am Arsch der Welt" - the ass of the earth
It's the same thing as with telling Austrians that they're german: Just don't do it.
I think they are just more specific in their target group around here
Some american studio bought the rights to remake Braunschlag, but I can't see that dark humour work on an american audience.
How much of it will land in the pockets if Orban and cohorts
*scribbling down notes*
I'm learning a few less common languages so maybe I'll be able to use something more obscure once I have kids :)
Yes, only less German and more Austrian ;)
But it's definitely not the norm
But as kids we would walk from house to house on Christmas Eve with incense and receive candy and sometimes some Schilling, if that counts
Never
Especially with the current climate change threats ahead, I'm not sure if it would be even worth investing billions upon billions in infrastructure that might very well connect a few desertified ghost towns in 2080
Maybe it's similar to what they use for paper money
As in the card game
Merkel fucked up many EU issues.
Allerdings mag ich nur Lamm-Döner, da wird die Auswahl immer enger ...
I'm a bit suprised many here don't take baths, I try to get one once a week, usually it's just I don't have enough time for it or I'm to fucking tired
Wait who is the black ninja ball left of italy
Also what I would say especially for Austria - can't really say that for other places - is that casual racism is kind of prominent
In Europe Immigrants usually mean they actually are of that nationality, most immigrants don't want to be of their new nationality.
(that still exists) is from 996
Nice
(I am of the opinion that Austrians are as much Germans as Irish are British, Austria had been independent for many centuries at that point, never was apart of Prussia or the German Empire and, until recently, was a Great Power of its own)
thank you for bringing up some nostalgia with it
[Austria wants a word with you] After all, our vice chancellor didn't snort cocain from a russian prostitute while being on camera talking about selling out our country for nothing
Yeah but who prefers a warmonger?
China/Korea
In my gf's very very Basque home village (i.e. almost everybody speaks Basque all the time, all the Spanish road signs are graffitied over, the parade of the 3 Reyes Magos has been chased out of town with stones once because the tradition is "too Spanish", the government-mandated Spanish flag on city hall is about the size of a sheet of toilet paper etc
I thought this whole thread is a joke.
I thought most of these too :‘D
I think one could also add beer vs
I have to honestly say that I'm too inexperienced in matters of military to give a concrete answer.
It's not a political thing though
Furthermore parking fees are ridiculous, same as gas prices and renting a car in one country and returning it in another results in horrendous fees.
We just translated it into "i - Simply Incorrigible ", but ngl "I'm a little bastard" wins this
More like go full Pinochet on them.
Luther was an anti-judaist not an anti-semite
Maybe if you got a job and they want to kick you out but otherwise
Lots of people from many different countries have told me that "Omg German sounds harsh". Then after hearing me speak it (e.g. with my mom on the phone) usually they were surprised
That Austria is more responsible than Germany for WW2 because Hitler was born here
Well, maybe you should lead with the explanation part, since you realise the angry rants with little in the way of explanations by many turks have only made it worse.
I would use Skype out (meaning you send a bit of money to Skype and can call phone numbers) instead of buying a SIM card.
The Netherlands
I'd guess most are just to lazy to shave every day, since it's such a nuisance
Fun story from my childhood
Oh yeah, this thread will go great
For instance how property is being transfered.
Sometimes it's clear, like a specific word for male animals is always "der", and for compound words it can be derived from the parts
That's the hardest one in this thread for me hahaha
Oh, no wait
This really depends on your own taste.
But Hungary isn't moving in a direction that makes them great neighbours to have
Might be the same person, everything is pretty much in limbo right now
Which is a whole plot point in Inglourious Basterds, fittingly enough
They are all member of a certain party or used to be in a certain party.
Yes it is stupid to stand in line for it, tourists should just get it somewhere else (you can get it in every café) if they want to try it
A federal state is not more important than a country
The facility burned down around that time
Yes
Anzeige ist raus
If your business uses a gmail adress, that doesn't sound too good, man
No he isnt
You are right but obviously it's about "the most polish" polish person
I've always wanted to move to the mediterranean, now the mediterranean is moving to me
Especially the borroka ones often look like they're about to climb a mountain
* roman (Roman = novel)
Not that Burgers and Pizza are inherently bad, but there's a huge difference between a Burger stuffed full of veggies on top of the meat, or bacon
Well
The feelings about it were very mixed
There is also a optional biowaste bin, but I'm using a composter instead.
There's a museum about it also
better than that: served in half a baguette - which is hollowed and toasted on those [toast sticks] (please ignore the sad looking shadows of a sausage on the right of the picture).
Austria-Hungary had a fleet on the Danube
It's a traditional meal after skiing
They created these fake jobs and scandals around Fillon and Le Pen.
This is before it became clear what a mess it was though.
Unfortunately this is never going to happen, because the EU will never stand together in such a matter
Exposure and education
I think I was like 16 when I first paid attention to the lyrics
- I sometimes experience a slight subconcious sensation of disgust, when I hear a person from north of the Main-line speak German
It is believed that the first beers were brewed by Mesopotamians, yet we can agree that Heineken for example is Dutch
I would say Switzerland
It's weird how different words for tastes can be
That's what they're called
If the UK would still be a member of the EU things might be different - but when the referendum was held article 50 was already triggered
Although not as hard to say we have vowel only phrases as well in Austria:
Court decisions in Austria can not develop the law which means all of those courts could literally decide differently any other time and they can and do disagree on each other’s decision
At the same time, i know several people in my area who got heavily injured by boars, one even died
The old one or the Netflix one
sometimes also "funny because racist". never heard of the concept of an inappropriate joke
Nice: 15 to 25
It is a german subreddit out of germany/austria/switzerland...
They were Northmen or something of that equivalent.
>While it is perfectly fine to talk about the Nazi reign in Germany, saying sth like "if Hitler was in charge, the trains were on time
So you speaking about about a stupid stereotype
Austrian
(only legal video source at the moment)
If you order a Fleischkäsweck in Munich they'll probably beat you up
but contemporarily, the freedom is higher, and I actually like the system
Not saying you're not right about your assumption, they're gonna milk this cow as much as any, but when it gets there, we should remember that
Nah that's fine
(I guess he was a bit fond of Hitler in the beginning hence they were from the same town and he named my Grandpa Adolf, but never wanted to talk about it after war)
Yes, it will kill them
It's really a shame, considering how beautiful other cities in your country are
Wearing Dirndln or Lederhosen wasn't much of a thing in my part of the country until fairly recently
but the order not to leave the country comes from our Employer not the Goverment
&nbsp;
Actually Germany just pulled out of one with Austria as it was unable to build a much needed power line through Bavaria
We have somethimg similar but we call it "tourism school"
Tolve	FI
> But why do i get the berry sauce with my wienerschnitzel
I'm from austria
gesetzliche Rente]
Kurz will sizzle out like Haider and Schüssel
I like the Croatian coast of the adriatic sea, but visiting Ireland was also very stunning.
How come
Mallorca away from any “Ballermann”Locations is actually stunningly beautiful
lol :D This ended badly for my Hometown Ice-Hockey club.
Then we have Peak Technology, they are currently creating a heat resisting shielding for the European space agency, in the past they also worked with NASA
Zebra crossings look different in Vienna than in the rest of Austria, the climate is dryer than where I live, in the east it's really flat, there are grapevines growing (which I always associate with holidays), the trains are different (e.g. ÖBB 4020), the infrastructure is on a much bigger scale, etc
Clearly you haven't experienced the Dutch in winter trying to get up mountains...
I thought human trafficking wasn't legal anymore.
This isn't related to the actual topic, but I'm pretty sure this is the first time (in europe) where I hear of chinese(!) people protesting.
When I read your comment I didn't read "unphonetic" so much.
Usually it's three numbers and two letters
Dashcams are illegal in Austria anyways.
So if you need to know something quickly, wiktionary is where you wanna go
So much yuuuuuup
My friend looked at me with a are-you-fucking-kidding-me look
It's like asking an American how to behave in Mexico
Good point
I don't decipher Swedish regularly so it's much harder than when you're confronted with it more often
>not in one bottle
I know
:-P
We've got Martinigansl too :)
Oh, thanks
My country is spot on though
just a little extra money, no real influence on the housing market and below taxable levels, all's fine
Asia
The only SMS I receive are the ones from my provider.
Most of them were built much later when the city became a major harbour.
The arguments were that Rock should be literally translated to "Fels" which sounds stronger
[ [#0211w] "
You cannot curb migration from the EU and the British felt like this is important to them.
Phone: Default background
Somebody who is an old Nazi, but not in public
In order to explain, i copy a previous comment of mine:
Unfortunately comments in german language media aren't any better.
Graz: car industry/mechanical engineering in general and mining, research in those areas
There are way too many freeriders in NATO.
that triggered certain developments here as well
Short anwer why: The EU usually doesn't fight back - politicians use it as an easy scapegoat for every unpopular move that they often have voted for themselves.
It's still weird that you can see the old borders in this map.
They align themselves with people that are against battered women's shelter's and are openly against anything LGBT - which certainly is part of any equality movement.
Yeah, you're right, that could happen, altough it's harder to get that repetitive feel if all you buildings are covered in stuck in oppose to the "normal" flat 70ies buildings
> People really know next to nothing about Wyoming Delaware or Nebraska
But luckily they don‘t have to in Germany and Austria e. g.
It also flips from horizontal to vertical at 21
I'm not saying austria doesnt have a shared history with germany
I, and (I think) two other passersby stepped in and tried to seperate them.
Oh that is interesting
My other grandpa was conscripted just months before the end of WWII and could go practically go home right after being called in
Never heard this either
like a toddler making up his own words :D
Graz gets often forgotten besides Vienna and Salzburg.
I hope you don't keep much money available to it...
Technicly all the answers here are wrong since the official name was never austria-hungary (in german: österreich-ungarn) but "the kingdoms and lands represented in the imperial council and the lands of the holy hungarian crown of st
tbh I've never seen a 200€ bill
Sounds like you live in a pretty right wing bubble to be honest
Everyone drinks it due to peer pressure, and dislikes it for its terrible taste
Well I laughed out loud in the middle of a cafe because of the fanny
Ideally you have each vowel only once
Das wusste ich noch nicht
Ich geh gleich Essen holen" (It won't take much longer
North Slovenia <3
Thus Kant already tells us how he would act
Sure, every country has their own style.
Putin likes to make that pretty clear whenever he talks to Austrian media
Also all people are really nice and when I tried to speak polish they were even more friendlier
Telling lies with a straight face is what Hofers campaign is based on
The costumes only look like that inside the valley
^^^^butseriouslyIloveSlovenia
Fazil, pedo no lo tengo zertifikau
Half of the ten million people of Greece nowadays live there and it should not surprise that the city is the focal point of the modern economy
No, there are dozens of flavoured vodkas.
There are people named "furze"? Lol
Flecksuppe in Austria, have never eaten it...
Almost 50 now and still resisting
General history:
Vegeta is Love, Vegeta is Life
Nein, es wäre wirklich zu krass, was bedeutet, dass sie vor dem Absenden denken müssen, dass sie wirklich Fremdsprachen verwenden können, ohne es sofort zu merken
In a Krapfen only Marillenmarmelade.
There are a lot of non profit organisations that are doing this without any religious background.
Why would a Rep go vote for a president in New York?
Yes
&#x200B;
Generally speaking, European countries don't apply [ius soli] but [ius sanguini] You acquire the citizenship of your parents and not of the place where you are born.
Edit: words
I'm hardly ever cold, but short sleeves without jacket
Actually it all started with Haider, the OG Strache
Kaixo
I don't think the title is overly editorializing, but it's nice to know its not an accurate translation.
I think it is more interesting to ask the inverse: why would you vote for her?
I could go on about this for HOURS
A song by german Pop singer Markt Forster called "Au Revoir".
I just puked in my mouth
&#x200B;
Tell the Wikipedia people
I have been to quite shabby places in lots of those cities, and have been served with exquisite menus, with a presentation of a 4-star cook
And on the other you got the shitshow "Ö24" wich plays all the videos that are being posted against explizit Orders from police on loop, even the graphic ones, uncensored
Oh thank you, that is very interesting
No, Ferlach has been a "Büchsenmacherstadt" for about 400 years before Glock was founded
the reason why we have such lenient sentences on crime is that our courts and prisons are swamped.
every single local newspaper comment section boils down to "b..b..but ~~muslims in headscarves~~ refugees
Frisian seems a bit easier
> I work 40 hours per week, she works about 45
I wish the rules were more open that farmers could more easily sell parts of there land to build housing
The human return craft wouldn't weigh much compared to the mass of the entire base that you'll have to bring.
more social workers), and it continues to be an issue around certain hot spots (mostly train or subway stations)
If you said that, people would laugh at you and call you stupid german
if you put me in a camp with 500 austrians for a year, i will be able to identify at least a few commies, nazis, pedos, etc.
Schaut net bled aus
And I really liked it when he said that soon we will be married anyway and share everything
I agree that the law is retarded but it's a result of what the population wants.
Last time I was there I was kinda shocked to see that they turned that old castle into a jazzbar kind of thing (though it's quite nice) and you could buy beer at the beach (Srbrna?).
For example the cannibals are now normal monkeys who just attack the balloon
A lot of Austrians would rather cut off a limb than be caught offering anything but complaints about Austria
But only normal not light or long life milk
As a non-viennese I never had KFC
Dammit, this guy might be right
Quite a nice markup
Many Germans have a problem with understanding the local dialect I speak
You know what's even more practical
Yeah, nevermind that 91 % of Crimeans actually considered the referendum fair and free.^[1]
So as long as the EU doesn’t constitute itself as one country, with a unified immigration and visa policy (if you get a Croatian  visa you can’t  enter Schengen for example and to enter Croatia you need a multiple Schengen Visa not a single entry one ) the single states will continue to be looked at as single countries - and not as a member of a bigger whole - like the federal states of Germany of the USA
No actions but some words of shock and then going back to normal
Million = 10^6  = 1 000 000
this still isn't really a topic that is talked about intensively in schools (probably partly because the successor party of the austrofacists still is the most powerful in the country)
It might not be of touristic interest for foreigners, but is definitely a part of my villages history.
And yes, it is used in derogatory sense since the country is heavily centered around Vienna
May I ask what the social norm on Greece is
Ugh, it's a stuttery slow mess
I need to play Knights of Honor.
Edit: fixed translation
Right
Good thing you mentioned the soruce
But I can't speak about "all German", there are a lot of regional differences in Germany and Switzerland too.
I like how u listed every germanic country except Austria
Today there's huge, huge fines on selling cigarettes to minors
Men do cook waaay more than it was common in earlier times but I wouldn't say that men are usually cooking more advanced than women
You mean that's how you answer when a german calls, right?
I absolutely love and adore the Italian national anthem
4 million, into a boring S&P 500 index fund
Das Bildnis von Dorian Grey
We pretty much breezed through it in an hour learning that there was an occupation, which allied country controlled what areas and how difficult it was for them to share Vienna
numbers and proximity to humans
Why would you call us südost-northwest austria
At least not in public
(year not age)
we had an "Graz day" in the last week of elementary school with a guided tour.
It's pretty much decriminalised right now.
Krapfen you mean
Found the tourist with the drone
Seeing this makes me sad that Germany didn't sent Knorkator the time they were in the "qualifying"
I'm sure some European bulls bred or were bred with domestic cows (especially in Iberia), but as a whole the European aurochs was never widely domesticated.
But that wasn't the implication in your original post and I dare say that was on purpose to make it sound cooler ;)
Don't get me wrong, I like a good protests to put the fear of the people into politicians, but you got to at least know why
I do that too
Es kommt von "Laib" Leiberl kommt von "Leib"
I wouldn't say that
TIL there is a lot of antem recycling going on - not just the Germans reuning our [emperor anthem]
Nah, they only hate it when you say they are similar to those damn Prussians
If we can't adapt and/or fix it, we will be like dinosaurs, but there's one big difference: We have the means to do sth
&#x200B;
as an austrian, i can connect several occasions from different countries all around europe into important historic moments for austria
It‘s the black eagle
The use of the colors itself is of course much much older and is based on the colors of teh CoA of the HRE
But Austria wants into Mittelmeer, and y'all have a lot of that
My Russian husband wanted to give me constantly money, I had to get used to that
I mistook your flag for a millisecond for an Austrian one and was thinking „What the hell are they talking about
intentionally, to not get into the huge, huge issues it would cause if you had to decide on *which* people to put on there
We are not counting Reichs to begin with, that's only the Germans
Egal = igual
An Austrian that doesn't ski
We have two different games
Two friends and I slept at a hosting family house (hope I say it right xD) in Silverknowes street
Summer time means more light afterwards
Along with the K&K monarchy
the decades before
> "Dick" in German would be "thick" in English, whereas "fett" in German would be "fat" in English
The only thing I have ever seen inches used is for the diagonal length of computer/tv screens, and even those usually are given in cm as well.
its already a bit washed up, since the eu is a economic union and that wasnt allowed either.
If they didn't fly to Austia to vote in person, their vote isn't even counted yet - postal ballots must stay closed and uncounted until tomorrow
[The projections on maps lie]
I am honestly surprised how uncommon 100€ notes seem to be in other countries!
I have been wanting to leave eversince I arrived and here I am  there are plenty of jobs here, payments are pretty decent and also social plans such as maternity and sick leaves and all those things are very well managed and as an employee you have many many rights
i think he means the soviet invasion, oppression and torture.
As far as I know sz=š, cz=c(with hacek), rz=r(with hacek) and something is probavly z(with hacek)
I have to say that 30cm of fresh snow would even (and have in the past) cause problems here in Austria in large cities
If anything it proves my point.
We are at 626 millions a year now.
Das bisserl das ich esse, kann ich trinken auch
I bet your boss/management says they can't afford to hire someone so you don't have to work 60+ hours as it is
I'd say 50, but if its 60 you'll probably only have to do one during your working time, and will have enough time to do the following ones once you're retired
Wiki: [
:^) and it's working rather formidably.
Actually makes me feel a bit sorry for her (as person, not politician).
Nuclear power plants also use alot of concrete and hydro doesn't use any fuel at all.
Named after the add campaign with the monkey on the skyscraper
I thought that was standard here
>Idk I know back then my brother always had those big
Just want to say that many country/city subs already have a travel wiki.
It comes from the german "Auerochse" (originally Ur-Ochse) and means "primal ox".
Again - what did you expect ?
And given all the other answers hre, it's visible well why people liked to have >10 kids
At least that's where I feel the whole Ehrenmann thing is coming from, together with "Küss dein Auge" etc
- the modern zoetrope
In my experience, locals while not being mean per se, are disproportionately proud and aren’t by anything in the world interested in intercultural communication, so you’d mostly end up hanging out with other foreigners who usually feel the same
Imagine smth like The Life of Brian if it were presented as a serious drama
What about Occitan or Provencal
There are bike courses in ground school (I don't know if every ground school does this) and you can get bike driver license (which allows you to ride your bike alone before the age of 12 if I correctly remember)
Always makes me excited to hear it, but I got a huge boner for Spanish culture in general
Our own
It's quite funny actually
Norway has a lot of North
It's okay, I just watch a lot of Netflix instead
I dont think people are that bad at planning
'Er hat (nicht) die Eier dazu' No comment on how big they are :D
Not german, but I had 2 grandfathers drafted into the german army
50% of all people on welfare are migrants; the whole ID issue is only a migrant problem, austrians applying for welfare (or any other form of government help) have to show their ID, birth certificate, bank statements,...
If i were ever to move to another country, it would very likely be yours
But I think that's only because we have a lot of big and famous neighbouring countries, so it doesn't get that much limelight
They don't even sell the VW Polo or Skodas over there
Bukkakke-Krapfen
Gelsenkirchen - mosquito church
Let's hope but it looks bleak - especially if it continues to go the way of Hungary
It's more famous because of his rants and paroles he shouted out during the process
I don't think its working and it is unnecessary
I don't need to switch lines on any of them so that's super convenient, but I need to walk much more for reaching the tram (which doesn't bother me much, at least not in summer)
But I personally think the [Trackshittaz] are in the race here too
I have actually seen them as "Marillenknödel" on the manu in Saxony, close to the Czech border
But this guy thought those clothes are all we have
^^pro ^^= ^^for ^^censorship, ^^contra ^^= ^^against
Hilarious how clearly you can make out good ol' Silvio in there.
I like this more than I should
Edit: since the 1960s it has been criticised for being racist and parts of the book have been changed
Just look how the rest of the eastern European countries has fared after being deeper integrated into the west.
Wait are you talking whiskeys or the illegal kind
We barely did anything and for that reason we only got Slesvig-Holsten back
it's how money is made on the internet
Yeah i've heard that aswell, Scots apparently has loads of northern germanic influence.
Länder can mean both, countries or states.
Yeah, all of our Donald Duck / Mickey Mouse comics are translated from Italian
Everything is very intense with them and I feel they are more extreme
There are different things to visit in the Hofburg.
thanks czech republic for the beautiful cities and castles
**Burgenland**: Some incredibly flat third world dystopia
The finger-thing is just the last drop in his bucket of suspicion
Says a Spanish person :P
> ThyssenKrupp
Yes but this can change within one year.
Just wow
The french anthem always makes me want to go into battle, albeit not even being french.
The only thing you forgot but kinda goes hand in hand with the faux-positivity is their relation with religion
Fronte National Liberation Corse (don't know about the spelling, but you get the idea)
Fuerstenfeld, a cult classic
Really
same with austria
He died long before I was born but according to my father, he didn't want to talk a lot about the war
Katharina, Katarina, Catharina, Katerina, Katarine, Katrin, Catrine, Kathrin, Katja, Karin, Karina, Carine, Karen, Jekatarina, Catalina, Cathy, Kathi, Käthe, Ina, Trina, Karenina, Katinka, Kati, Katka, Katica, Katya, Katia etc
There's no room for negotiations and (merit based) raised
Stay safe
Careful Ned, careful now
Bin vor 9 Jahren nach Wien gezogen, das war bevor der Pepi eine Dependance in Wien ghabt hat
Variation of difficulty was insane
The typical 'neighbour joke" in Austria is usually about the next state, not another country
Economy colonialism, very likely
Americans always act surprised when I say I eat a whole pizza
In the Keller they have a bunch of old swastika flags and a Stahlhelm, and an old Luger, and a signed 1st edition copy of "Mein Kampf". And once a week they lock the front door, go down into the basement, put on their SS-uniform, sing the Horst-Wessel-Lied and "Die Wacht am Rhein" in front of their Führerporträt and shed a salty, salty tear into a glass of German beer for the Downfall of the 1000-year long Reich
I think I only worked in "unconventional" companies so far - each had their own traditions that nobody else ever heard of
Beuschl (upper innards, or specifically lung), Hirn mit Ei (brain with scrambled eggs), Kutteln (tripe - i.e. cow stomach), ...
There's a *mild* expectation that heavy drinkers would bring more alcohol, and people who are planning on staying more or less sober would bring only a bottle or so
They are also able to form coherent sentences, remember things, read, keep their attention up for more than a few minutes,...
I've never been there but isn't St
But I know a few people with a french press, I have one too, it's my main coffee making device.
„einen polnischen machen“, roughly translated “doing a polish“ for leaving a party without telling anyone, including the host
Thanks for the detailed answer.
It's very, very obvious this is about Russia.
well, if you are into skiing id suggest going for a skiing trip in austria and then enjoy the pare ski parties there!
I think I saw it ...
Sweden isn't as bad as the rumor has it.
97% of the time
Stay safe brother
If I buy USD stocks, what exchange rate will be used to determine their price in EUR?
Not quite
Some sports people probably as well, like Dominic Thiem, or Niki Lauda
-Jörg Haider
You literally see it in the landscape when you cross the border from Bizkaia to Cantabria, bc those poison green leaves start sprouting everywhere all of a sudden
and I'm done
Thank you, even though I am not directly affected the support I see on reddit and the internet in general really means a lot
Your culture is so sucessful because you were the only country that hadn't been bombed to shit when movies really took off.
well
Also, I have a love-hate for Michael Buchinger
Thus they had to increasingly lean on Britain to survive as a country
And Modena‘s Cathedral is my all time favourite
From the text it's pretty clear that he meant this map and not the one that's in the article.
Others sell fake tickets
The same with milk snakes and BCIs but they are occasionally on sale(maybe once a year)
But the fact is that at least militarily, Europe is basically a US vassal
Not everyone gets that, as I had to find out ;)
It was actually a very good question, not dumb at all
Are your coalition parties capable of working together
That one shows unlimited data in Austria for sub 30 so it must be different data than what's used in that image.
Well, I don't eat those, but many Austrians do
It all fell apart since Marcel Hirscher retired, but hey, we were the best nation at the World Ski Championships 2021
Two days later, we'd talk about it in class
That'd be *Rock Me Amadeus*.
I wouldn't even know where to look for those
And then
It's specifically Catholic religion too
It simply has other economical requirements.
Honestly  i hate the self-locking ones
Still makes my blood boil when I think of it, it was horrible
that discussion is still unthinkable down in the Catholic south (we have a similar costume on Jan 6th), and I'm honestly glad, because I think it's mostly based on painfully ethnocentrically ignoring the context, and on forcefully implanting a discourse into a surrounding where it makes no sense
This was not the case in the russian or german territory
Not sure if Himbeerkracherl (raspberry soda) is a common thing outside Austria
Even cursive changed over time, I learnt it differently than my sister 5 years later, e.g. how you write a, o, t, r, etc
I have a some coworkers who need switch to English for technical topics because they're immigrants and aren't as fit with our language, otherwise I very rarely speak another language
You're just not used to it anymore after all those extremely hot years
Lots of what big countries expect us not to have, we do
probably not global warming, probably
In Austria, I think it's [Ischgl]
I'd add it to your stock investment.
And no such a clause or agreeing does not exist in Catalonia - so don’t even try to argue with that
There are plenty of either
It's more annoying if they don't do it
No I don't.
Do you have EU citizenship, what language should people be speaking there?
It's oddly fitting and completely out of place at the same time
My great grandmother  told my mother that there were  Moroccon soldiers in their village
Back then the countryside blamed the Jews and Vienna for everything
Also Trump often predicted that Obama would declare War on Iran to be reelected
Do you have any Italian shops near you
Keeping it in the bathtub also helps filter any mud from the pond out of the fish, a common complaint about carp is that it tastes like a swamp
One can not be a full worthy citizen of multiple countries
Grappa, Amaretto, Limoncello, Aperol, Martini and Campari
I dont get what you want to say
nah, the range of the net guns just has to be very big
(Rank 15 in the corruption perception index
Of course they are and they have to be called out for that as well.
Ubisoft Milan did some work for the Assasins Creed games
They really are funny :)
The Faroe Islands have so much autonomy in fact that they are an equal member of the Nordic Council and operate representatives in both the UK and Iceland
SÖMMI KRUZIFIX
Wow that's dark
The other doesn't ( only if you put in extra work and do a night-matura or go to a higher vocational school)
and no, it's not gonna be a totally alien concept to you, just mildly interesting
Meh, I think I'll continue to call it Kärnten..
Especially the first one
Luckily we find Cockta in the supermarket in Austria too
Generally never compare us with germany except if you are comparing us with something bavarian
Calling yourself a socialist=/=being a socialist
its pretty much the same in Austria
In my humble opinion the EU-members should show much more support to you guys and help you to get the social security and economy back on track, without all the corruption and inefficiency.
Then there is a three to six-letter/number sequence
This kind of speaking is giving me a circleruntogetherbreak
They used the intestines of sheep (much the same way a sausage is encased in animal intestines)
So I am really skeptical about how common this supposed misconception about 'Polish death camps' really is
Officially most people are catholic in Austria and they might even claim to be religious but most just believe in a god but not the christian god
Learn to spell FPÖ correctly, also they were not on the ballot, only their candidate was.
I guess a lot of my history lessons in school revolved around Austrian history, because
You must be a masochist
The Old High German name of the original core land was Ostarrichi ("Eastern Realm"), that's a bit anachronistic, but a starting point to reconstruct the name into modern English
An Austrian or, even worse, a Tyrolian that isn't able to go skiing or snowboarding
You'll hear it often when hiking along with variations on 'Grüß dich/euch/Sie' in whatever dialect of the region
Now I am back in Vienna and it is like 12 degrees
In my middle sized town
Yeah the one in Stiftskaserne, the partner of the Haus des Meeres one
Company pays for the metro ticket or offers you a parking spot
Still, "Landflucht" is a very big Problem for smaller villages
Weakening the continent in order to prevent it from becoming too powerful has been British policy for ages.
This is called the Rennbahn or something like that
In fact it was at 'do sanctions'.
Geh schleicht di
Austrian history class is not much better than American history class, with the difference that ours focuses on how shitty our country is
Both sides are responsible
He lived in Vienna during the invention
That's also something which will never happen again.
That's like saying Europeans, when you actually mean Russians :D
I don't feel closer to Scandinavians just because they speak a Germanic language.
The ones that are the most vocal against autonomy are the people in Bucharest, who have never seen a Hungarian in flesh their whole lives, let alone visited Székely Land or know some real history apart from propaganda
Mentally prepare yourself that a lot of things will be different, even things you didnt expect and which are really annoying (for example costumer service here)
Edit:
"Alpla" : apparently they are among the world leading companies in plastic packaging
Just talked about Jämtlandstriangeln with someone yesterday ;) but I get your point, Lappland is definitely internationally known
Bread, butter and honey are considered as normal
And the weather sucks
It's just the usual reddit nuclear-power-is-the-best-thing-ever circlejerk that ignores everything but the most surface level problems.
I’m leaving Austria for much flatter places in a few years as soon as it becomes financially smart for us
I knew Brigantium was Bregenz in Austria, but I never knew there were other ones as well.
Also you're tied for my favourite language with
From my perspective titles are omnipresent in Austria.
You even seem to have a great sense of humour.
fun fact: the chinese wanted to bring comrade (Tóngzhì) back into the political sphere, but stopped once they realised gay chinese men already used the term as slang for themselves
Although, my German teacher was in fact a schlagender Burschenschafter, very clearly a pan-German nationalist and allegedly a Kellernazi (he constantly talked about how "unjust" the current German-Polish border was, and how "degenerated" the new orthographic rules were, and how we Austrians are "actually" really Germans, and how there's too many US-TV-shows with black people in them on the "bolshewik" Austrian Public Broadcasting; also he was a linguistic purist and prescriptivist)
I don't think you can nor should shut down all mosques.
Fritz is alone in the balloon now and gets attacked by a witch which in the end burns to death and gets eaten by ravens
Austria didn‘t just not exist until 1945 and just magically appeared from the remains of WW2
But a typical Sizilian doesn't look significantly different from a Maltese, some Marroccans or Egyptians.
But basically it's just pulling your legs
Only way to keep yourself informed is getting your news from as many sources as possible with different biases, because everyone is biased.
For my country - Austria - I haven‘t ever seen this
Media and all the other powerful entities you could come up with, by definition, are not part of checks & balances as nobody is making sure they don't get too powerful and they also don't prevent other branches from becoming too powerful.
Steirisch-Lernende müssen hier ganz einfach Wörter lernen, genau so als würde man Französisch oder Spanisch lernen
So who else did blizzard ban for ... Idk ... Speaking out against the US or Russia for example
So it's actually evened out, but I still prefer the version without well
I don't get why people feel the need to gloat and push an agenda on such news?
And if the only thing that changes is pronunciation, there is no point in writing dialect
Or is this just a joke where everyone just pretends to know
>*laughs in German*
I was born JUST after the curtain fell, so I personally don't really qualify.
Absolutely love it
Either way it is very old, having been in use in some way since at least the 13th century
I guess they will sooner or later
They not only protect you, but they protect people around you that can't be vaccinated due to age, illness, or allergies
It is by far the best option, though
Public transport, internet, mobile contracts, television
It seems to me that not everyone could leave the war behind.
Did you really think we hate the germans for no reason
It left me a little Disturbed but in a positive way
Then open the second beer with the cap of the open beer
Word order is one of the issues for me but not the biggest one at all
Why not
Our system is fucked
funnily enough, the suggestion to show Austrian news with Turkish subtitles to avoid exactly that was totally misunderstood as trying to transfrom Austria into Turkey
Seriously, what is it with politicians (of all genders) and their incredibly awkward hand positions
Yes, Weihnachtsbock
In Dublin I had the worst tap water ever,
True, do you show your Septum on your application picture
There are schools for e.g. building technics, for Fashion and Design and so on
No, actually it was the left one.
Yes, when locked by key it needs a key to unlock it
On the other hand most of us are social-democratic, which is a very different thing but always gets mixed up by americans
I always feel like we Austrians should have done more to protect the minorities.
yeah same here, the goverment buildings fly both flags (or 3 when it's a state building)
* [Ancient and Primeval Beech Forests of the Carpathians and Other Regions of Europe]
Europe is not a country you know...
der wird Polizist".
Especially in the training of officers
Their argument ended with Richard throwing Leopolds flag into the dirt, causing the enraged Leopold to travel back to Austria
And I‘m not really against it, hell I‘m using the shit out of denglisch myself because I see as I slowly forget how to speak actual german, but I still think it‘s sad
I'd be interested what that means in a per capita way
> I think there's even a story about an Austrian and a Russian diplomat having a drinking competition and because the Austrian won, Austria soon got its freedom, but I don't know how much of it is true
More often, it is used in the sense that there is or isn’t enough time to do something
The question is by how many, it's not like there aren't lots of french folks who consider it unfunny and in bad taste.
Its really bad as it is
Thanks Czechia for making such good beer
EKO Cobra (basically SWAT) have the AUG A3 in .300 Blackout
But we have both Ubisoft and EA creating games in Romania and there are many more
Also "anfahren" which in Germany means starting to drive and here driving into something
They were off piste without a local tour guide.
The first 3 points probably come down to their own history with Basque or Catalan independence
still can never remember SVERWEIS, think it's SLOOKUP
And don't ask questions about the new police station
There is a chance of course, once you cross the Schengen outer border (depending on your bus/train in Hungary or Slovenia) you won't have any border checks anyways.
"Wer nix taugt und wer nix kann,
And old cashier women are typically way better with numbers than any of us young people
Burgenland is the most stereotypically "redneck" region for me
It's great, besides Hamburg it's the only city that has made me think about leaving Vienna
Especially of the Green Party
We have lots of jokes about that, like your word for condom is "Verhüterli" (which I know it really isn't) and stuff like that
In total, less preparation, more just spending a nice evening with your friends and family
i have, and it is as the person said.
• Teachers have way too much power
We do have the "Parterre" or "Erdgeschoss" which is the ground floor
The title is clickbait, but what's (supposedly) unusual is that they are making a political statement at all, not that they are opposing Hofer.
Beside the mentioned luxury areas with the oil mistresses, I would not remember to have ever seen a fully veiled woman anywhere in Vienna.
This election campaign was way too long already.
I just got lucky, my dad forced me to study my vocabulary every evening, to get my spelling down and to read books in English with him when I was in middle school, otherwise I'd probably still be struggling like so many other people I know
Which city
The first "A" is a different comment advert
I prefer the online method
I'm actually seeing a 3% entry fee at .
The other option of trying to create infant industries in these countries is highly unlikely as most subsidies and contracts have to be written out EU-wide and protectionism is de jure and de facto impossible
But then we don't drive, we stride
It is just easier if you don't have to plan with other people in mind and find the right time and cinema
I think it's mostly a problem of how your psychological health system is set up
All masked people signify something: the rooster - fertility (if he jumps you it means you'll marry soon), the couple - marriage (they fight a lot, lol), the moss-man - the woods, the bear - hunting
And „vorsaufen“ in Austrian
Nice to know it's been part of something bigger some day
Jesus Christ you guys are embarrassing.
A lot of your conservatives call europe an utopia for socialists
I'm always assuming people speak German - GERMANS are literally everywhere
The farther northwest you go the bigger the grievances
Ma soit gfölligst stoiz aufm dialegt se
I like that the countries are ordered by importance (top important, bottom unimportant) ^^^^\(and ^^^^definitly ^^^^not ^^^^by ^^^^alphabet)
The French-German friendship is a factor the whole continent thrives on
I stick with my solution
- I played with it first
Jedoch nur zu finden in Wörtern wie "Oaschloch".
And then some more
See the [community rules & guidelines](/r/Europe/wiki/community_rules).
That feels
while there *is* a word with the same meaning, we're just not going around as much declaring our exitedness about things
[Silentium] is my favorite Austrian movie, also [Glawoggers] (RIP) documentations.
(except shops in Airports and train stations)
It is too often teaching to then test meaningless trivia, while omiting real capacity building
Amazingly the house only has one chimney, despite the stoves being ~15m apart from each other
There seems to be a systematical problem with radical islamism in Graz.
Make it 1,95 or 2€, but don't lie to me
I applied to a Scottish uni two years ago and they said I was only considered an European if I had lived the last three years in Europe (I hadn’t), which is so fucking fucked up
* [Keltenmuseum] - I was there actually and it was damn amazing
Riding a bike in heavy traffic is dangerous
That's cool, we are going to need some in Austria soon.
Walt gets cancer - goes to hospital - dies anyway eventually
The word you are looking for is „oligarchy“.
Have you seen 'the Lighthouse'? It's a 'the Shining'-esque but not in the way 'Joker' is 'Taxi driver'-esque, imo it's the best film of 2019 (of the ones I've seen)
In the case of ÖBB/DB it's more that the DB is a factor that's dragging the performance down, rather than enabling the full potential
It's no surprise to me, that items from international brands often are more expensive the smaller/less noticeable their logo is
If you do not have a job/place of study after 3 months or can't prove you are financially self reliant (meaning you do not need the social security net) you are ordered to leave, if you do not comply you get deported
It seems to be a big hassle for foreigners to not be able to go shopping whenever they want to, apparently many people are not capable of planning ahead 1-2 days in advance or looking at the calendar to determine that a Sunday is coming up.
That's amazing
>social welfare that helps the poor
would translate to
I only made the comment because the first argument of OP was a German stereotype
Yeah, the Switzerland one felt a bit too forced, the Dutch one seemed the best so far from those I've seen.
probably (northern)Tyrol somehwere
To be honest looking back at my time in school I am surprised how much special knowledge and trivia they teached us, while omitting the basic stuff it built on
Mohnnudeln
Is het zo erg
Ever heard of a movie called "The Sound Of Music"? I sure didn' til I was 25
No, /r/nottheonion is for bizarre sounding news.
Even if people agree on what a certain type/year tastes like, the proof of the wine is in the drinking, so to speak
Das schaut russisch aus/Der russische Weg/
Bull dicks, but I only heard it used for dog food.
In Scandinavia those are strictly not synonymous
I'm sorry, I don't speak wrong
Adding to that: maybe it was also a misunderstanding about what "meeting your roommates" entails
I haven't seen it yet, but Netflix made a show about the [mayor of Marseille] Similar to House of Cards.
That’s not my point at all - If you’d ask me I think that all of the EU should be treated as one block for visa purposes cause then the visa refusal rate would be far below 3%.
my father is from Tyrol though
At least that's how it was explained to me
(Schwedenplatz was already mentioned by somebody else).
It was on the frontpage yesterday: and
Other than that english memes only
people who don't, you mean
TIL that the widely used Austrian word "Bussi" also exists in Hungarian with the exact same meaning
Graz does cars - Magna Steyr has a factory there.
France: I love the eating culture, French people seam  to enjoy their meals really and are not in a hurry
Graz (this name has Slovenian origin it losely translates to Settling)
As an Austrian, I can relate to them.
Die Nazis haben die eingefleischten (d.h. nicht übergelaufenen) Anhänger beider Parteien später gnadenlos verfolgt und in KZs gesteckt
Saupreiß, damischer
BTW drywall isnt something you will find all that often in most of Europe
Only that people got completely confused and write how they want
But let's try it again
When interest increased too high a lot of times Italy for example devalued its currency
Firstly, the College d'Europe was founded in the spirit of the pan-European movement, but it's in no way affiliated to the EU, but rather a private college subject to Belgian law
When we were old enough to drink, we drank a lot, often way too much, but in the end only you can decide if it's too much for you and how to regulate it
I think it's pretty much the same in Austria, or at least the part I'm from, "Versteckt oder nicht, ich komme" ("Hidden or not, I'm coming")
so the EU never won the hearts of people
But in Austria it also heavily depends on what height you're on, 0° feel a lot colder at 2500m than at 250m.
After all, Germany is our biggest neighbor, so keeping up with the situation there isn't a bad thing imo
Honestly, if it weren't for the couple of friends and acquaintances who occasionally send mails to that address I would've gotten rid of it already
I've written up an explanation [in the Wiki] I hope it helps!
Nothing simpler then adding the link into a database which blocks it on my site
Wait, not everyone gets their own personal Jesus
If you are interested in hearing a concert in that same concert hall, there are many more opportunities - at more convenient times
In my gf's very very Basque home village (i.e. almost everybody speaks Basque all the time, all the Spanish road signs are graffitied over, the parade of the 3 Reyes Magos has been chased out of town with stones once because the tradition is "too Spanish", the government-mandated Spanish flag on city hall is about the size of a sheet of toilet paper etc
exactly, you are allowed to cover your head if:
• Not enough time is spent on truly important things, instead we have art class, music class, PE and fucking RELIGION class
Gather food at the nearby pond/forest/mountain.
The UK is now arguing, how deeply integrated into the EU they want to be
This is horrible
In many parts of bureaucracy you are getting things done much quicker if you have friends; or get public fundings or public contracts because you have friends
Never heard a non native actor speak German without a noticeable accent
Gott hat damit nichts zu tun
I think Dialects are also a big meme potential, especially Wienerisch and Vorarlbergerisch
Feels quite comfy too (if you're from eastern Austria)
Oh ok, well I didn't expect that
Pedestrians need to be especially aware of their surroundings when using paths marked for both them and bikes
Not bad just not trustworthy
That's all you need to do to achieve diversification of your stock portfolio.
The Copyright Bullshit in the EU Parliament is certainly US Fuckery
It's a nice rennesaince town with lots of history and a nice nightlife
Absolutely not, think about how unnecessarily dirty your house/apartment would be and the extra amount of cleaning you'd have to do.
Uh, could you elaborate
Pretty impressive
I don't know why so many of you think like that.
Oh look, it's Herr Nikolaus Tesla from Smiljan in the Kroatische Militärgrenze.
he ended up just adding for the generel direction like west, east and so on
Before becoming Brexit minister, Davis travelled to Luxembourg to hear the case.
To many different identities, which i can see leading to problems, as it has in the past.
Works for WW2 as well:
- Gambia
Ah, yes
Most certainly not white though, according to these people...
* Name including title
At the risk of sounding incredibly immodest: yes
Hallstatt in Austria
Thanks for quoting what I just said.
And even if, so what
If there's people going out, though, chances are high that you run into someone rocking a Tracht or Dirndl
A few years later they reformed it and now it looks even simpler, [like this]
Or just „Schummler“
I don't see how this relates to my comment?
I had cooking lessons in gymnasium
With my high school I went to Switzerland, Germany, Italy (Rome), France (Paris), London and Latvia
I've been once
> i) that still indicates that changing to summertime puts the body under stress
i've always wanted to visit vilnius, and lithuania in general
When you try to make a crop-circle, but forget that your tool is set to 11
Yup, exact same thing
Meh, it did change a lot in the past 50 years and it will continue to change in the next 50 years too.
Stop right There, He isnt Green.
Then there's Velika Srbija as well.), you use both the Cyrillic and Latin alphabets, your language is almost the same as Croatian and Bosnian.
That's how we got the politicians we have nowadays.
Another interesting facet that I find is hardly ever talked about is that in the phase before the Anschluss Schuschnigg contacted country after country in the attempt to find support for an independent Austria, but nobody was willing to help
Slavic and Turkish speakers do the same thing in German, they tend to omit articles and sometimes even prepositions
We also rented a mobile bar and bought 2 barrels of beer
Only difference: in Germany they put mushroom sauce over top ;)
But for my region in particular it would be the Tyrolean Rebellion against the bavarian and french troops in 1809
You're going to have to bring a better product to the market to be able to compete in Germany.
> FIFA publisher had argued that the content of its FUT packs only had value within the game itself, as they could not be converted into money
I played rugby with a guy from Südtirol and thought he was from Tirol.
It does not even matter if it's the same subject
Because there is no chance in hell that the Social Democrats in a democratic system would agree with the German demands
but to me, there are very few cities that can compete with Vienna.
But if I go to any other country without a shooting tradition and/or universal millitary service, I'm actually scared of people wearing guns, even when it's the police
Like u/Panceltic wrote, the capital cities of the countries you want to visit are very well connected by train.
Aaah finally, a song about my deep dark fear
Many places called Au, translates to meadow
They are just the head of some part of the federal administration, and while present at meetings of the federal council they have no vote
How much does food and stuff cost in Bulgaria?
Spitze of the morgens to ya
We do not have an expression for splitting the bill among a group, because it is common practice here that each person always pays their own food and drinks
Specifically bought current house as it was in an FTTP area during early times of NBN
I think if the sea rises 900m we have bigger problems then a few germans moving to austria
You forgot Aranés, a Gascon dialect of Occitan spoken by a few thousand people in the Val d'Aran in Catalonia
The closest equivalent to PiS is the AfD
Those who are even too stupid for that will become police officers
Just hope everyone survives
We can bring them all to Luxembourg instead, I'd have no problem with that solution.
i just got some money for my graduation, so i might be able to go on my first ever solo trip there :)
Grüß Sie Gott, Herr Dir
For normal districts
I like mine better
Ex Vice chancellor took a quite incriminating vacation in Ibiza
*(Germans, please correct me if I'm wrong).*
My hometown (linz) was occupied by the allies south of the danube and north was soviet
My mother told me to pronounce my name in English but I ignored her because my name sounds horrible in English and I couldn’t even really pronounce it if I wanted to
that's good news, especially the "fake" one-person entrepreneurs (that are actually contract workers) need those
Waiting for some hungarian to comment: would be even bigger if your people wouldn't have shot some austrian dude
This literally is censorship based on nothing but a suspicion, enforced with non-transparent automation
Sure did
There can be no power greater anywhere beneath the sun;
Yes, Russia can be a military threat to western countries.
99 if I pay for all twelve months in advance
"Prolet" is usually the term for trashy individuals.
[We've got a similar tower]
This sends a completly wrong message to people who are actually trying to investigate how the sitatuation in Crimea is
Exactly, they pretty much just don't care all that much.
* "O Haupt voll Blut und Wunden, voll Schmerz und voller Hohn,o Haupt, zu Spott gebunden, mit einer Dornenkron"
Vienna isn't as horrible as people from other parts of Austria think
I use a gmx
Like, Germans are often fascinated by my (or Austrian in general) dialect (working in a restaurant, during holidays Germans often come here), and I mean, it‘s fine that they are and often fun, that they ask me how we call certain things, but p l e a s e don‘t try to butcher our dialect, especially if you can‘t speak certain sounds
Their dialect is more related so Swiss German than the rest of Austria where the dialects are related to Bavarian
Cancelled
It was a little bit gory, sometimes gross, but all in all entertaining
You'll be surprised how many people here like Trump.
E.g. for me - if I would mind a german saying gespritzter Apfelsaft, Kren, Gelsen, Erdäpfel, Polster, etc etc or if a German would mind if I say Apfelschorle, Meerrettich, Mücken, Kartoffeln, Kopfkissen, etc etc
Gino that ingenious fucj
Stiegl Paracelsus Bräu should be without accelarators.
Oder der Zauberlehrling
With increased demand however they'd have to hire someone
In rural places in Austria, yes
I don't think Americans have quite realized what kind of lasting damage four years of Trump has done to their international reputation
They finance 2 company football, a volleyball and some other employee sports team, as well as vouchers for a tennis court iirc, they offer on campus massages and shiatsu for like 10€/30mins
I'm in Vienna and I hate Vienna too ;)
But then again that’s what many German must think about Austrian dialects as well
I mean this is the amount of things I could come up with that are wrong with the USA:
But who wants Unix
But what's the purpose of having an army if you are not willing to use it?
I guess the only time you would hear this argument is during the election for president (head of state)
Tokyo, Fukushima, Nagasaki, Hiroshima, Kyoto, Osaka
So this goes for someone with a masters degree in a field with higher pay fresh from university
Due to costs that just isn’t possible here
If the sea levels rise enough, we Austrians will get our sweet sea access back again without having to start another world war
That time when Austria became an Archduchy, something never heard or seen before
I though it might be towards the north.
6) Bring a large pot with lightly salted water to a simmer and put the dumplings in there for about 10 minutes
can't really say "british" either because that will or won't correctly include some island
Also, especially in Hollywood movies, villains tend to still mostly be German/Russian/British, so that stereotype is still around
Yeah, in Austria it's every Saturday at noon
Edit: I forgot to answer the other question: a widely spread Christmas tradition for many people in Austria is watching "drei Haselnüsse für Aschenbrödel" even though the movie itself also doesn't really have anything to do with Christmas either
Doesn't make any sense to me
Cafe Sacher, Cafe Demel - I regularly see lines outside those two Cafes because they are so overrun by tourists who think they need to buy this one specific piece of cake because their travel guide told them to
I like the latvian flag, maybe a little brighter red and a thicker white stripe and it’s perfect
Lot of people has them at home and they use it in competitions or in the woods, but often they don't even have munition at home
In the English version, Homer said "Don't worry, I've brought chloroform", and Apu says "You idiot, those are colored forms
Culture wise we Austrians have more in common with the Slovenians,Czech,Bavarians than with the North Germans.
> or use a proper dictionary like leo
You will see near election how they will start telling the truth (as not to be completely wrong) and Le Pen will be surging.
But the initial impression it left wasn't a good one to put it mildly.
heck make little 4-question quizzes on general knowledge about politics before a vote mandatory, with the amount of points gained influencing the weight of your vote
Depends a lot on the countries
I guess more and more is happening on social media these days but it's super easy to avoid that by just not going to these websites.
chlorine in tap water
After that it's common again to have friends of the other gender
Your teacher wasn't up-to-date back then.
Then they should become citizens
Innsbruck is only a 150,000 city
Another reason for me to leave Austria is, I'm studying engineering and there are not many jobs (except I accept one with like 2-3k/month)
I only know of them from US tv shows and movies
I would say Maturanten could probably do those things, but I am not sure about the less academically focused
There are Austrian emigrants and expats in the US and in Turkey.
And estate agents are never of the "driven soccer mum" type here, they're all of the "sleazy car salesmen" variety instead
If you do learn from an Austrian teacher, and your pronunciation becomes very good, chances are still that Germans will recognize that you learned it in Austria
In the countryside, I've crossed the border without even realising (and ended up in Hungary or Czechia) several times
edit: and it‘s not the same everywhere
There are cities very close to the border (Oradea, Arad, Gyula), but they are entirely in one country
Adding to the other answers, look at eg
True
[Yep] they helped create it with the assistance of a former Hitlerjugend leader and high ranking SS officer Sturmbannführer Karl Kowarik, who the americans just pardoned because he was useful to them
It just would be like game of thrones, but only the parts north of the wall
(Source sacher
that's how AirBnB was actually *meant* to work, people renting out a room in their house or, for the daring ones, their apartment while they're gone
Austria would never have joined if this wasn't the case.
The cities were always very German.
Only the Emperors' intestines are buried there
It's mostly just vocabulary
Because those protesting aren't very smart..
it's a tradition, it's paint
They had less arguments for themselfes than rumors about their opponent
Prob because no subject will merge into another or will do stuff another subject should teach
Because your sim card will be blocked.
Phillipp, Philliph, Phillip, Philipp, Philiph, Philip, Filip, ...
Lichtbildausweis is still used here in Austria.
"The only hill you can see in the middle of Edinburgh
Are your politicians aware of this
But this is probably where I and you differ in our expectations
Other important residences were in Steyr, Graz, Linz and Wiener Neustadt
I mean regular baguette with butter and jam on it which is then dunked into a bowl of coffee and eaten sopping wet
Usually a French talking collegue takes over
Miss you though, but you are doing great on your own apparently
Should we have fought back after Britain, Italy and France refused to help under any circumstances already
A minimalist portrait of blessed carl with an austro-hungarian flag in the background
???????????????? it was a soviet aggression war to annex poland
Whiny people, and how far removed from the world we feel as a country.
Thus Kant already tells us how he would act
I'm pretty sure that when you compare it to population those two have the best gold metal count for the winter olympics
Le Pen will be voted for by people that are at least somewhat sympathetic with the far right.
Can you maybe relate to Thüringen, Sachsen, Hessen, Baden Württemberg more or not at all to German culture
If I want more local news I read the tt (Tiroler Tageszeitung)
Your flair just changed during scrolling
And i do not know, how she passed at uni, but all this is the same person
things like that, the US is more progressive than most of Europe.
That's a dip, you can have that
ah I see
If they are actual refugees looking for safety from prosecution/war, they can endure being processed through a proper screening procedure while being fed, housed and paid an allowance.
The cooking book you get there is really good, my wife use it still today
- police and special forces are searching the city atm and arrested 4 more (but atm its not confirmed if they are involved or not)
i don't believe that i would be in real danger if i made a facebook profile and stated my sexuality on it, and started saying my opinion when discussions about sexuality or dating or stuff like that were to come up with people i know.
Welcome to the Club (Austria, Finland - perhaps others)
But are you familiar with us Waldviertler
Right
The East has gotten a raw deal because of a boggled reconstruction policy and Germany reaps the rewards for chances not taken today -_-
Our "Higher technical" school had a blacksmith, a foundry and machining classes with lathe and milling
That goes for all countries
Or in a ticket shop in advance, where they take everything
I live in southern Austria and used to work in tourism, everybody knew that August 15th was the buisiest day of the year
Also the author was a devout Lutheran, so the story was more deeply Christian in general and less „Catholic“, whatever that means
Personally i find the Austria-Australia thing much more annoying, though mostly because it's such an over-used joke
This was due to the fact that the empire they belonged to vanished without a trace, leaving them with no sense of belonging other than a linguistic belonging to the German language family
* PS2: Schluchtenscheißer (canyon shitters) for mountain folk
I even know that ballad, it was interpreted to a pretty popular song by the German "medieval rock" band In Extremo (and also is featured in the first Gothic game)
Why else would we let it be there
They're still regularly shown in venues around the world, which includes Germany of course ([Bayreuth Festival] for example)
You know why
I've heard their dialect is similar to Danish.
Edit: words
The cypriots over at r/AskEurope always tell us that you guys basically feel at home in Greece anyways :P
>But unless you have absolutely terrible taste in women/men, like falling in love with a Catholic girl, that usually wasn't a problem
AFAIK they already scrapped that one for PR reasons and industry kept using it anyway because it's apparently not as stupid as it sounds
So, how about we try to stop it instead of threatening to join the race to the bottom?
Well, I wasn't sure, there is also Falco, Danzer, Ambros, Cornelius, Ostbahn Kurti, Maria Bill and so many more...
I received a wish
Doch
haha, stop torturing the poor idiot.
Other things that are pretty unique imo:
It‘s derived from „Alter“ which means roughly „dude“.
*believing official numbers from China*
Don't stress yourself about the dialects, Germans often don't understand them either.
Since the Parliament gave green light to the process of making CETA a reality, I found myself thinking about it once again.
I can‘t imagine not traveling anywhere and maybe hearing war planes fly over your house/country and being scared that they might come for you this time
We've gone from right-wing coke-snorting, money bag hauling puppets of Russia to a temporary technocracy, to an entirely new government
Even grammar differs
Yet another reason for a multi-speed EU.
Well I mean, sLOVEnia has love in it
German
Either you have specific (in the sense of the short scale) words for each 10^x or you don't. Both are fine, it just depends on what you're used to and if you communicate in another language, it should be clear what you mean, but both work
„Tschusch“ in Austria
Except for half a dozen and a dozen, those are ok
Oh, didn't know it
Not the person you are responding to but I'm from Austria too and regulator work helped immensely with phone tarifs this year.
The biggest difference is what you did when you installed it
Beware
That’s December 5 though
BOW TO ME, PUNY WATERS
I gave up and treated them as some silly made up values which only US - Americans use...
I spent a semester in Valencia, so I have had my fair share of bad Paellas in overly touristy places
In Malcolm in the Middle, Grete and Otto are both Scandinavian, with their accent changed accordingly (and quite hilariously: "Sieh mir in den Augeenn")
But it's Karneval, that magical time of the year when humour and dignity dies.
I'd say I manage to do this by bringing **my friends** with me though
> I'm in a pickle
You need to watch more Karambolage
That this deal was highly unequal with very different benefits should not be forgotten, it has implications to this day
Doesn't matter if it will be around then.
That's too long to remember, we started history lessons with Schliemann and his discoveries about Troy and Mycenaean Greece
Probably only well known in Germany and Switzerland back in the days
For example they wanted to get rid of Radio Ö1 which does a very good news coverage and educational program
My LDL is 100 mg/dl and my HDL is 50 mg/dl
The L-Tower in Arenbergpark is used as a shed by the Municipal Department 42 - Parks and Gardens
TLDR; In Austria we have a nuclear power plant
It even killed my uncles neighbor
By public transport
Many of the decisions in top sports feel very strange to me and i wonder what my tipping point will be to lose the last bit of interest
I personally often call the ÖVP  by their old CS name
The EU knows the problem and is working on it
Nikki Lauda was slammed by german media for calling Kubica a "polak"
Nowadays one can see a lost generation of people which were never able to obtain a stable job for a decade or more
Haha
Joa Wienr künnen üsnmeistens nid verstoh, denn wirds komisch wenn plötzlich hochdütsch reda muasch
: We say Ananas as well
In what way
The Register is fairly good for Tech News.
I hob koa schimma wohea dea dialegt kumt owa dea is supa
look at the discussions under such posts on r/historymemes, the prime sub for armchair historians
Alpine skis though
He had to leave his hometown in southern Austria and travel all the way up to the North sea, where he was trained to become a tank driver
He isn't entirely uncontroversial (to say the least).
And that is why we love you, Slovakia.
Well expect another dive once Brexit is actually triggered.
In my experience that has been true so far in Valencia, Barcelona, Bilbao, Donostia, Malaga, Ronda (best Rabo de Toro I have *ever* had was in a place called Tropicana; looked very cutre from the outside, was quite nice on the inside and has exceptionally good food and service), Granada, Cordoba
"Pass it along to whomever you see fit", "Whom is your inquirey addressed to
Any followup trade agreement will have to be negotiated after the fact and nit during the severance talks.
Banks and such probably would prefer if you don't have those, some don't care
A pillar stone of modern civilisation but quite the meanies
... but she really believed it)
I think the official one is the Andreas-Hofer-Lied.
- An "Engländer" is a tool, which you would call a monkey wrench in English
Unter diesen Mennoniten wird Plattdeutsch noch als allgemeine Umgangssprache benutzt
non-tourist (meaning residential or rural) area = free toilet but rather dirty
Juncker is fine
Potatoes, fries or actually chips
Austria is divided in 9 federal states, each of which has their own distinct dialect.
They almost always have a specific reason why they are what they are and that makes them rather unique imo
Only redeeming point about Germans that they decided to shut theirs down
The two class system
(even though I don't consider Alto Adigians to be Austrians either for that matter)
it was some slur that this girl used while claiming that rapes in Spain are only committed by foreigners
At those prices, that must've been one hell of a joke
we had -13° Celsius, my ears almost fucking fell off because i forgot my hat
I'm not a fan of either, but i'm a fan of Austria so I voted Van der Bellen.
Well, it is an ongoing problem in some parts of Europe, especially in France
It was the only place on his entire coat that wasn‘t red
In Austria, it's very popular, although we rarely cook a whole turkey like Americans do for Thanksgiving.
See, that's the difference between Austrian and Swiss German ;)
So they were given an extension until April 11
Good - but why even put on screen then
Not in the balkans
Can't we just switch it to "i am from austria" or some new version of the emperor-anthem (after we sued germany for stealing it of course)
ooh it's one of those cities that are awesome to pronounce in an andalusian accent
The Old English name was *Ēastrīce* (East Realm)
Maybe not in banks and higher-class establishments, but fuck em
same in austria "so you are basically bavaria, right
Don't forget that this drops to <divide by zero exception>% at all the austrian sea-beaches
Finding [Maggi] on every table next to salt and pepper to as seasoning for soup.
My boyfriend is Colombian and oh my, he eats a lot of stuff that makes my poor Austrian heart crumble
"Tuxedo" comes from American English IIRC
no public transportation, hot as fuck
For example I have Christmas & New Year the whole day off; in my previous job with an different collective agreement it was only half the day
So you didn't learn it for nothing you still need it if you want to read something.
I'm seeing it very often here in Styria and in Burgenland
The way they lisp the s's, swallow the d's and labialize the v's... so fast and rolling and fluid, yet soft
Is this real, though
I cant ski
(Swiss would approve as well)
Poppi	IT
Dated several american men, which lead me, a tiny woman, to sound like a mix between Schwarzenegger & a character from The Wire.
How is Austria in any way responsible for it, when the Germans made him big
Jessas na
I enjoy them quite a bit
Take the variety of products all across europe ant put it in one store - you just creates an american grocery store
But that doesn't mean, humans are shitty / terrible
Aren't they both part of the legislative?
Houst dou mei kernööu gseng
As long as so many Americans can't be bothered to go vote *once every 2 or 4 years (!!!)* they have to live with the consequences.
No homemade Rindssuppe, where you eat the beef cold cutted
Just put it in a seperated part and just dip it
How wild would it be if the Pope was a shitposter
Uhm
Thanks
After that, and up until noon, it's Vormittag dammit
Well, at least they are not ugly and made of wood
"Am I the deschek
For them cooperation was the only reasonable choice
You don't need to actually have experienced having a hedgehog in your pants to come to the conlcusion that it's probably not a good idea.
>  It just that it takes arguably the best metro system in the world and spam of buses, vans, tramps, trolleys etc
We have the first too, although a bit different: "Wie die Kuh vorm neuen Tor" - "Like the cow in front of the new gate"
Historically sure it could have developed with austria being part of germany, but it didn't. No other region of german speaking people had this development, because austria was part of the strong habsburger monarchy and because of politics etc austria just didnt become a part of germany when they formed in the 19th century
-**barefoot shoes
And before I'd have [some-stupid-username]@gmail
Bussi (probably Czech origin, from 'pusa' = kiss) = an affectionate, non-sexual kiss, usually on the cheek
All of them more or less meaning "Mr
agreed
The nederlands calls them "aardaaple" which also means earthapple
As Austrian I am thankful we can watch German news
It always happens
Much lower now
Since you could already walk up to the border anyways to claim refugee status I doubt this is going to change anything.
That kind of talk is dangerous.
Sometimes you end up admiring the posh area with all the embassies and sometimes you end up in a pub in a weird area with locals who speak very little English
you could get rich if you would invent such a thing
Ahh, the sweet scent of capitalism
Well I could say basically the same about my visits to Prague (besides linguistics of course)
The US still won the race
Not what I expected at all
They are just not (yet) in the monetary union.
Not jesus christ, just baby jesus who brings the presents
That's even low for Ukraine or Moldova...
Whether the meat in the lunch bread is called "Fleischkas" or "Leberkas". That's a big thing here
Like I prefer my hometown water to the water in the city I study, but it is still good
It later became known that while Hofer was at the temple mountain, someone tried to climb over a barricade and was shot at by the police, but this was not identical to Hofers description of an assault with granades and machine guns
[Latella] is a whey drink with various fruit juices
Hofer wanted to be seen as more likeable, taking a harsh stance wouldn't have helped him
The suffixes -lein, -el, -erl, -li, etc
The B-B-Sprache
Not the first time this happened in history and won't be the last time.
There are catacombs below many churches but mostly just in the basement
Totally traumatized
Even linguists dont agree, imo its up to you to decide :)
Plus support for Catalonian independence would probably give Scottish independence also rise - and I guess you don’t want that
Of course each one of you has to pay 400€.
in america you got racist and less racist as options so
Apart from another confirmation that your political and voting system is pretty fucked up, it is now clear that no country can look down on any other country for falling for right-wing populists
Not cool bro, not cool
Part of the reason for this perception is the unequal distribution.
yes, but my wife isn't currently working so she cooks fresh meals everyday and usually we eat together with the kids when I come from work
> The heart piece of our constitution has never been changed since 1920 afaik
In dialect there is Schlägl, whichs could be translated to "punchy"
I dont See a problem with it either
Germans cannot make schnitzel to save their life and they are generally less open to arguments in a fun/casual way
~290k, have always felt very safe when walking late in the evening or at night, everywhere
>I love that one, because if it was true, we'd have gotten really shit at that, given that one of our biggest historic rivals (France) has similar, arguably more, influence than us
Nice joke lmao
This makes me weirdly proud and happy
Sebastian Kurz, our foreign minister
Otherwise my favorite place for skiing is Bad Kleinkirchheim
They think women who have abortions deserve to die for it
The first two Anno games were Austrian actually
Schnitzel
We talk a lot more shit about each other even in politics and I think everyone thinks they can do that because we are family.
Can't even recall the last time I saw someone with it, but that doesn't mean all that much, since it's not really noteworthy either
And the results of this won’t always be beneficial to UK/US relations with the EU
They could use their hydro dams then to help out
However, Hofer has announced he'd use those powers
Tapakapa
But it might not be the best choice of words
>except I accept one with like 2-3k/month
Germans are not all similar (eg
also it might've been possible for him to get the weapons from a eu country with lighter laws, so even more reason to ensure there is an europe wide standard.
The form asks you currently this:
Where-from come You
Apparently he was shot while at an art exhibition ??
It's a game with cards
The only positive aspect of HC building a new party is that the FPÖ will lose some voters wich makes both parties pretty weak
He has no mandate to do anything and TPP is still unpopular in America, just as TTIP and CETA are unpopular over here.
Agree
Absentee ballots sent to places outside of Austria are up by 20.000
Nope, his proposal was much better because Austria would have gotten a part ;)
Lots of people think it's a concert in the opera, when it's really at a random location, with random musicians who play the same 5 pieces every day
Between: Doesn't exist
Despite all the evidence
I went out of Kakariko and along a long stone path, and at the end of it I saw a Lynel, a monster I'd never seen before (At that point it basically just looked like a miniature Ganon)
Naschmarkt
Graz is beautiful
[According to this post] and [this list] we have the oldest flag design of any sovereign state in Europe, and the world, going back to 1230
Arme Ritter are the half of Bovesen
Haha, same
If the English become desperate enough, they might come back to it
That's how Christoph Waltz described it and it's spot on.
And could showcase the complicated alliances and networks of people
It usually is used between friends and acquaintances, not for people you don't know or have to interact in a professional manner with
LOL this must be the most hilarious case of "internet lawyer" that I've ever seen
[City Hall has its own team of archeologists] They find interesting stuff beginning from the late neolithicum until the most recent decades
All of them are Grade 9 to 13 (a year longer then the General education Gymnasiums)
my little Sister used to watch it, as I only saw a few episodes I always wondered why they don't stay in there more powerful forms...
Very disingenuous
The one thing we don't get around here are circular teabags, and those huge 100 bag boxes
I did know what short-selling is, it was just the term "level of shorts" that confused me.
His head seems ridiculously small in comparison to his body
It was a cry for unification which actually for a time succeeded and an assembly was formed in Frankfurt but then it failed and so German unification came from up top and not the general populace
But obviously not everyone in Vienna is like that.
Unfortunately, that made me always see Romania in a negative light and I feel like I'm kind of biased in that sense, which I'm still trying to overcome
Thoughts and prayers of the EU kind, so to say
I've read a lot of individual reviews about flatex which all say that it's a decent broker for Austrians.
He didn't understand why so many people had a problem with that wording
But I suppose how all that plays out in Lithuania is very one of a kind
Me, a closted pansexual, always feels weird when people make jokes about gay people, sometimes even people who _know_ I‘m pansexual and accept it
Nah, also Skis just like Norway
[..] he's in some sort of trouble and like to ask you for a little favour, something a friend won't refuse.
(English translation at the bottom)
The picture is about formula 1, yeah; the nephew of Gerhard Berger (former Austrian F1 driver) is on his way to F1 (for Team Manor) apparently.
In 20 years $36
Would we see the same international reactions if a terrorist attack happened in a lesser known European country?
put all these stuff away
The only annoying thing is when I need to buy heavy things from the supermarket or town...
Especially because Standard German is just kinda naturally replaced with umgangssprache or dialect in my head, while dialect is just needlessly specific dialect
How hard is it to move to Iceland
Sometimes you play a doctor, sometimes an engineer, sometimes you just stand there.
The Republic of Ragusa comes to mind
Fuck man you're asking alot from me
Went there some months ago after visiting Prague.
Wouldn't that be racist as well?
By car: Depending on the country, you either have to buy a sticker to put on your windshield to use the Highway (Like in Austria and the Czech Republic) or you have to pass through a toll gate and pay to use the highway (Like in Spain or Italy)
I think you had some pretty bad experiences all around.
So I'd consider that pretty much German
My experience was pretty different from yours
" would be a rhetorical question as a response to your group (that keeps asking you "Could you do X for us
Still makes my blood boil when I think of it, it was horrible
Minor subjects = The transparent one
Uhm most Europeans beg to differ, since an embryo is hardly more than a bunch of cells.
"To get" means "bekommen" in German, so a lot of the time people confuse that with "to become". Very popular mistake in English class is "I became money for my birthday"
Yeah but North America is a statistical outlier and shouldn't count just like Australia.
This happened in Austria a month ago
and it would be *much* worse with people
IME it's not a very hot topic in Austria, anymore.
Not sure why you got downvotes.
and you're not allowed in the forests either (unless explicitely allowed, which in 99% of the places it isn't)
In Austria they are searching for a way to add a law, I guess it would be possible in Germany too (but it would affect all foreign politician)
> they needed to reinforce the foundations with a complex system like this
People panicking about teens celebrating 420 everyday forget that this is true for every substance/matter witch is forbidden
But you are right, the difference is the taxpayer's money
net or gmx
There is so much we either don't learn or that gets glossed over
A similar ruling "took place" in Germany about 10 years prior iirc.
With all the hardware backdoors the US has in everything, it wouldn't make much of a difference in the end.
For us down here it didn‘t do anything tho except that some people now have little cases for their cigarettes so they don‘t have to look at the diseases or sometimes corpses
here it’s the same, but with apple strudel
Ours would
Completely different situations.
In this field it‘s always important to have your study input up-to-date and to keep it international, which hasn‘t always been the case at TU
If anything I'd say it is mostly an advantage when it comes to environmental efforts.
Why have I never heard that before
Maybe some of the people didn't want to be rude.
somewere else where you clearly saw this development, was when gb was leaving eu
I will only comment on the Austrian options:
- I'm really purist when it comes to eating Schnitzel with lingonberry jam
* Frequentis makes air traffic control systems
"Ich weiß nicht, was ich sagen soll
I don't think I'll need that money at least it in the next 3 to 5 years.
You are not
Very
Wer nichts weiß und wer nichts kann geht zu Post und Bahn (He who knows nothing and can't do anything can go to the postal service or the railway) absolutely don't agree with it but it's a ryming :)
13 kids in the class of my son
Its what happens when you have broad stroke laws without much thought for detail
is this the monthly polish panic attack?
That's exactly what a government bot would say, don't trust his words
The closest thing we had was the HJ.
But they won't help that much when the snow is wet or mushy
Wikipedia] - Book: [Das kleine Ich-bin-ich - ger.
So does one bring *only* an even number of flowers to funerals
But you don't often add the tun (doing) to that
*(Maybe more of a personal view than representative of Austria)*
Which is impressiv considering our size
No offense but I just cannot understand why most Americans have this perception.
Germany, obviously
Schnitzel with any kind of sauce
Woos waß i.
And then there's this small town that has *four* named after it, in some unoriginal way :D
Please don‘t be ashamed to speak a language
Last but not least, here is a list of all refill stations in Austria ;D
Ever
000 before taxes so around 2
Defeating the Ottoman Empire was clearly the greatest military victory in Austrian history.
>but just burning wood without any filter can't be that good for mother nature
Imho that's the great difference from the 90's, that one income families were more common
to give a bit of a different answer than most, I think it's totally fine
We built a nuclear power plant and didn't turn it on
"Hinter schwedische Gardinen wandern" (To go behind Swedish Curtains) is a German expression for going to prison
Used to just think of Slovenia as rich Slovakia (until i learned more about the countries, forgive my ignorance :P )
I've tried
> Many of the decisions in top sports feel very strange to me and i wonder what my tipping point will be to lose the last bit of interest
There is no grown enough there is just grandstanding and the figurative dick measuring competition -_-
Yes
You're right
From what shes telling me atm I hope that it doesnt get any worse for her
[Apparently.]#Meatballs_across_various_cultures)
Although some people somewhere probably don't like it.
**Styria**: Pumkin-seed oil addicted people who think Graz is a city
He looks like a chubbier version of the[ Blade Runner villain.]
5 or 40 hours nowadays - especially in the better paid fields
It's a "just" a pro-war WWI book, by an author who "just happened" to be very well-liked among Nazis and other ultra-nationalist circles during the Weimar-period
This means you are about to go away from somewhere
The "east" syllable seems to be is more or less consistent, and it also appears like this in old English
Maybe you should stick to US forums if you wish to discuss the matter solely with fellow Americans (the Europe sub certainly is the wrong place for this)?
Also funny because it was sung by people from Vorarlberg, the wester most region of Austria and it was sung in such a deep dialect that if you weren’t from Vorarlberg yourself you had a hard time understanding a thing
Adulthood *and* Gmundner Keramik
Und i glaub mid dea auso is scho gloa wo i heakum
Butthurt conservative media is satire in itself of itself
I'm not sure about their official stance, however those that came 15-25 years back, never integrated.
Translation: There was atleast a baby elephant between us
The backside of the austrian one contains the follwing infos:
Gibraltar on the other hand will be non EU territory and thus can be treated as such in any way
Well, you could vote "white" = don't mark anything on the sheet as to express "I care enough about politics that I came here, but there is nobody I can vote for", couldn't you?
In Austria, and afaik it's the same in Germany, the nazi period is covered heavily in school and while I disagree with censoring Nazi imagery in video games, it's not done to sweep that period under the rug
This would match his Standard
oh no
May I ask you what your educational background is
So much winning
It‘s basically a whole new large-scale urban neighborhood being built on the outskirts of Vienna and is supposed to be able to function independently from the rest of the city
Esotericism or whatever its called and homeopathy, especially in rural regions
Cu Tremur!" like it would help anyone on the 5th floor to know they are potentially about to die.
(southern Burgenland/Austria if anyone is interested)
That's probably the most retarded idea that was posted on this sub in a while
Ödenburg (Sopron)
In generall, less of a "just go and do" attitude here, everything needs some kind of permit and sign-up and two weeks of application procedures here; examples include going fishing (need a permit and take an exam for that), buying a car, opening a business
It's hollow compared to the films that influenced it
Eat alone with confidence
You get 5/6 of your regular salary as a bonus.
That's actually kinda cool
I can only recommend spontaneous trips like that
Even though you're really, really good, natives would probably still notice that you're no native yourself
A bit annoying, yes, but funny
Standard Austrian German is austrian
Many people are very suspicious of stocks, banks or financial markets in general and many rely on the (so far) pretty good state pension systems.
Die CIA sind die größten Verbrecher der welt
The polls before the first round looked like this:
They way it is done in that picture I actually don't have a problem with.
German has that too, it's just pronounced differently
How do 2 % not know what Germany is
It may be a long shot, but just try asking in /r/Austria.
Austria was already a dictatorship when Hitler took over, the Nazis killed even the dictator which established it during a failed coup
Merde
The difference is that the countries at the time wanted war for a decade at that point.
**Basque** people in particular are a bit weird
100% went to HTL
other perceived regulatory and legal stability factors of the UK.
Ok but that's not really what OP meant.
An Austrian who doesn‘t like skiing or hiking
&#x200B;
Also on the street they can whipp you and get you
It's because of the two sch mostly
\[googles around\]
You can see that regularly in Vienna, the often park close to the harbor
I was in Sarvar several times and it's kind of calming to see the people there
In the past five years that I've been attending my school, the teacher decided it would be more use to the students to know which pope lived in the 16th century rather than actually explaining politics to students who are reaching an age where they are allowed to vote for the first time amd have no clue who to vote for
This is interesting so I have to comment here.
Did I miss one election
_Abstart_
I think at some points in the 1800s Vienna was even one of the top 10 biggest cities in the world (#1 being Beijing most of the time until 1900)
In the English version, Homer said "Don't worry, I've brought chloroform", and Apu says "You idiot, those are colored forms
There actually is
Idk what it is but I feel like  many people are born on the countryside and move to the city because easier access to everything
It's not rocket science
But I guess it's not even thaaat popular here
>Because with the far-right I think many at least genuinely care for the future of their countries and Europe
I found the picture where it supposedly lists the most common surnames of Europe.
Almost everything that was planned got cancelled for us
I think only in the UK there is this notion of the UK not being "Europe." I was very confused when I heared english people or media talk about "europe" as if they were not a part of it, until I realized that they appear to use the word "europe" and "continental Europe" interchangeably.
> I said-a hip, hop, the hippie, the hippie
I think he looks very gnomy
Hello Neighbors
There are higher value banknotes within reach of the EU (e.g. 1000 CHF), also due to inflation it will need to get reintroduced anyways within a few decades
If you need to save money to move, just 50 pounds a month can help you cover the costs in a few years
No, he is my half-uncle
It's power lies with the people
Italy is closer to Austria you know
We already have our own holidays where we get into costumes and stuff
I had a [Robotron printer] when I was young.
Every time it doesn't rain, there's wind.
His trains also ran to special "camps"
Especially in Burgenland, which is the south eastern state of Austria and also the „poorest“ state in all of Austria
I heard about it
For me from iceland to the Ural mountains, excluding kazakhstan, to the caspian sea,including the 3 caucasus nations, excluding turkish parts in europe, but including cyprus
Since this is Switzerland specific, maybe ask in their local subreddit...?
There is a dated German name for the Czech Republic, *Tschechei* which is more similar to Czechia
Imho they did good that the translation sound oldtimey German
There are so many "-steiger" names in Austria that it sounds really "familiar" and just doesn't really stand out.
However it's just small things that are usually a little of that your subconscious picks up.
Don't take my comment too seriously, Austria also lost all its power, but it was a stab instead of a wasting away
Do you have an example of this?
There is no difference between cash and card from the way it is now
Yugoslavia, some very hazy memories about Krk and the statue in Opatija
I've never been there, but this restaurant is said to be a legend in Vienna for being the pinnacle of overprized with bad food and even worse service:
it is
What are you gonna do, suo mi
this could also be austria
The Habsburger wanted to keep on building up Viennas infrastructure because it was one of the most important cities in the Middle of Europe, _because of_ it‘s Geography
Who needs brittain anyways
You're missing the DOM-ROM
In Austria at least our center-right (christdemocrats) would love to reduce all kinds of social spending, they just mostly can't due to being junior partner to the social democrats most of the time.
19th is generally considered to be a rich district (there is affordable stuff as well though), has a lot of greenspace and is on the outskirts of the city
They have a lot of differences but they still work rather well together
And a landscape flatter then ...
Huh someone here is following Austrian satire :D
Just moved to Austria and found these windows very clever
we have more than Adolf
I make it myself
thing which from an Austrian perspective was mostly the supreme court deciding that their friend's son should become president although he lost the election
Its working well
country bumpkins are still called Landeier last time I checked
Nah they are very careful that nobody does stuff like that there.
In practice they can be removed by the parliament, so typically a majority in the parliament "strongly suggests" to the president who should be in which position who usually just takes that list and chooses them
Edit: actually my colleague had to wait 45 minutes outside this morning and she was cold
Probably Glock's?
Have had multiple americans make those "invitations". Usually along with saying they'll contact you about it but never actually do
American post offices keep sending parcels to Australia instead of Austria
So after WW2, austria changed the narrative
And its killing other similar traditions that are not just about money
All I can say is that if you are in Austria and say any Austrian ist German you can be happy if you get out of here alive
* Andreas Khol, from the conservatice ÖVP
Europe is not responsible for every crisis that happens on this planet..,
Joghurt und Butter geht's sehr ähnlich
So whatever are you on about
Hungary
German = Blue
That's what she told you
But it’s not a cultural wonder
Well sch is pretty much one letter
Savero	IT
Polnischer Abgang (to leave like a Pole - leaving without saying goodbye)
Merkel has let in unfettered immigrants into Europe spurring terrorism, crime, rape across France, Germany, and Sweden.
Here it's an public insurance which is mandatory and you can get additional insurances
Well I think it is save to say that Trump is truest to the title "Prince of Orange" anyway.
There was high economic growth, lots of jobs and high job security and many government benefits for everyone.
stopp posting stuff like OE24
it's not "fun", and doesn't improve my or his day or our transaction in any way
now I have the opposite issue
Oh, I agree
Czech Republic: most stuff is cheaper
But it‘s not as overwhelming as US politics often are
And after this horrendous claim we educate that person, that Hitler was born in Austria and because of this, we are supirior to the Germans
Yeah, [not like there has been a precedent or anything] right?
They are quite nice - like a combo of Windbäckerei and Kaiserschmarrn
And that left a mark on austrians
actually, you could cross before the fall of communism too,
View of the society Imho changed, in the 90's and early 2000's it wasn't really viewed good by the majority
I still think it's fascinating
Also the 1950s Hollywood classic "The 3rd Man" was shot down there, great film
I just listened to a Dutch audio cours last summer which taught me some of the differences.
13th/14th month of salary (with additional tax benefit)
Just what did that transparent bullshit gain us in Georgia and Ukraine?
Which is why populists like to appeal to it so much.
Strache and Gudenus, you might know them from Ibiza
I wonder if Trump pulls through with it though.
TIL sweden has hollywood stars, a king and spotify
Scheißausbruch
Hinterbrühl isn't in Vienna, neither is Burg Liechtenstein
Closed
And of course it should be cold
Even here, many people don't know very much about all that
1) Colloquially, I think *Amerika* is the most common.
Naturally He didn't declare it's legal to use it beforehand
Although not as hard to say we have vowel only phrases as well in Austria:
It was a cult game back then but nowadays nobody seems to remember
This is one of my favourites here so far
> Doppelmayr
Die betreiben alle ihre eigenen Server (bzw
Schweißausbruch vs
I think the highest temperature is around 12°C, in Vienna depending on where you live it can be down to 7°C. For some towns it was even a reason to change their water source because temperature was to high
I guess you don't become a certified beer sommelier, and work for a brewery, without a reason
Yeah but Greece is basically empty outside of Athens.
They won't be learning anything new there
There are 8 of them in the country, 5 of them are in Vienna
Since you're going to Amsterdam, the Nürburgring race track in Germany might be an option.
In RL it is OK, it just gets very old after a while on Reddit.
It was a bit unnecessary though as there was already an old one whete the kept the place and people names
A common sentence if you want to rudely tell someone to leave:
When
Every day, they show two episodes of Scrubs, followed by two eps of Malcolm in the Middle, followed by 2 How I Met your Mother, then 2 Big Bang Theory, 1 Simpsons, and now apparently they throw in a Young Sheldon and The Goldbergs
Joghurt und Butter geht's sehr ähnlich
Super strange
What do you think matters more if you're planning on building a colony on the Moon?
I know it's dangerous but we all found that funny at that moment and the people where like "Those teens are weird and the teacher isnt a good role model"
A swede would invite them to icecream instead?
All three ultimately derive from Old Lower Frankonian
Not an issue in Austria and I suspect also not in Germany.
With the election being decided by only 30k votes they had an exceptionally strong case.
Die anderen reden aber ned viel anders
The friend is not the brightest tool in the shed, and my girlfriend is rather short-tempered sometimes
Because they are either paid advertisers/influencers/astroturfer/whatever they are called these days, or there's already 5% apple kool aid in their bloodstream and they don't want the EU to hurt their good friend Apple
A heated argument ensued, and one soldier fired a shot
Beware
> Particularly why does this sub think that a complete lack of belief is the best thing ever and many (not all) commentators shame religion
That means that parcels and letters will take a lot longer
Or maybe you only use it for sex
European cities are pretty nice and sane in this regard
Since most people got Windows it's easier to have windows yourself and it becomes the quasi-standard
word for word into German
You reap what you sow Cornwall.
AFAIK they already scrapped that one for PR reasons and industry kept using it anyway because it's apparently not as stupid as it sounds
Yes, that too, whether the potato salad should be warm or cold is another thing that divides the country
wtf, that list includes conchita wurst.
I wish I had the link to the article, it was quite interesting!
Fuerstenfeld, a cult classic
Is the idea to stop somewhere on the way home from work to get dinner really such a strange concept
Nicholas and the guy with the basket + the angel enter the home first
No idea how that was chosen, I guess the country of Mozart, Schubert and Bruckner has had a long fall from grace
Since most of us speak languages other than english in our countries, I don't think this question (as I understand it) can be answered.
In high school: Frau Professor/Herr Professor
But i can understand why everyone calls it austria-hungary
Printed circuit board, albait it was invented by an Austrian but in England
[The republics] might comes from its peoples
Chances are good you will find one that expresses that view.
which are a different dish and, most importantly, don't have a breaded crust
But it should be
This was the beginning of Austrias anti-nuclear politics.
Maybe they shouldn't have tried so hard killing off Opel a few years ago and shoving Chevys up our asses
Being contrarian for the sake of being contrarian is the definition of stupidity.
I like some parts of it, riding along a park and on the ([newly finished] "bike highways", they make you imagine what riding a bike in the Netherlands must be like: straight, spacious, little to no disruptions
Yeah makes sense
I'm with you
Ähnlich wie USA ein schlecht gewählter Name ist da "amerikanisch" dadurch eher mit ihnen assoziiert wird, obwohl sie bei weitem nicht den ganzen Kontinent umfassen.
put it in the freezer
No, Austrian is not a language.
Not sure if you're joking, but they are just talking about 23rd & 24th of december
Same experience, but with St
99% of us are
Most popular Donald after Donald Duck.
I am sure they would choose the diplomatic way
Anyway, he got injured by a grenade fragment in his right knee which gave him an out and made him unable to return into service until the end of the war, which was his luck I guess
The amount of day tourism or short tourism is really high, and I sincerely cannot believe that it would be the same without drugs.
I totally can't tell it from your Username *whistling*
Imagine half of all exports suddenly becoming subject to high import tariffs
A "Grubenhund"(mine dog) is a letter to the editor written to troll newspapers into publishing nonsense
- an older apartment that may need some work, 3 bedroom, 90-110m2
The only other language my parents knew was english so they used that
(eg [norwegian] God dag (?) - Guten Tag)
The fuck
Des gschissene Schwäbisch konn si jo ka Mensch auhurchen ohne an uandlichen Auszucka zum kriegen
Damn, now I want this
It's tought to drive so you can stop within half the distance of your sight
The hard-on for German jokes on /r/Austria and /r/aeiou are mostly just a Reddit thing
11111
No one expects the Spanish transition
For exaple I once attended the final exam for conduction students there - free entery and fun to watch
How would history have changed if Ferdls chauffeur wouldn't have gotten lost
But here they are saying that in the country of Croatia, x people get denied, and as such the country of Croatia won’t get access to ESTA
If you ask someone from Salzburg he/she will tell you this
However they are often used for the voluntary firebrigade and have 2 other uses
A lot actually
It's usually brick and mortar or concrete
Argument doesn't hold up, let's move the goal posts.
Actually, during campain he explicitly stated, that he "does not like full-face veil, because he wants to see peoples face, while looking at them.
I heard Bosnia has lots of Muslims nowadays
Like the local Germans on Malle do.
Fun fact: Aserejé is actually a dadaist/phonetic "cover" of the the first line of Sugar Hill Gang's [Rapper's Delight]
Probably stuff like "Germany is majority muslim already, No-go areas in German/Swedish cities, the numbers of rapes have rises because of dirty muslim" etc etc
Also collecting societies like the AKM or Austro Mechana are naturally in favour of it (probably less concerning Art
I do ...
Probably not
Man I miss Eurovision
works same for many other things, mostly in the technical sector that is full of loan words
By far the biggest fascist movement.
And although he was a member of the Nazi Party, it's safe to say he did far more good than bad stuff
My neighbour has a 400 year old house with 4 masonry heaters
Well, that might be a good a time as any to talk about resource use in the context of taking a shit/piss then
Austria for instance has data sims with unlimited data and they have been neutered from roaming for the last two or three years already in anticipation of this.
The wolf has no place in Germany and Austria
i m talking that generally Poles walking in streets of UK or doing anything are as safe as British citizens.
As disastrous as it looked, fortunately it "only" cost one man his life and the bridge was rebuild later
today im glad to be austrian :D
If you don't add what you are refering to to the end but it has to be figured out from the context you use a new number system that standard german doesn't have (technicly it was once part of the standard but noone used it in standard german so they removed it)
actually it's just a ln intercultural misunderstanding
My impression is just that politically France and Italy are very close and the question was also about the best ally.
(I'm guessing it's probably simply too similar to the mainstream Plunder dough pastries here, and it wouldn't catch on from a commercial standpoint to have something that's almost but not quite the same)
Wait what makes it scary
I ever talked to
There are enough opportunities to play pool in any large, medium and even small town.
Because the sight of blacks is revolting to their pure, aryan eyes, duh.
It‘s derived from „Alter“ which means roughly „dude“.
Österreich (Austria) itself kinda fits that
50,47% of the voters said "No".
Actually the president alone decides upon the chancellor and ministers
That cant be the reason,
Even the font seems reminiscent of 30's era fascist propaganda
I think that green ones are more common, the most popular type being either filled or unfilled green olives with sour brine sold in glasses
Don't forget that this drops to <divide by zero exception>% at all the austrian sea-beaches
> My grandma (who was just a young kid) told me the soviet soldiers liked to give out chocolate to kids and the americans always gave cigarettes to the adults, that's pretty much all I remember
Don't ever learn a language you don't really like.
I lived in the UK and yes they do
in der Durchführung des Holocaust tätig waren
There are 2 different a's in the bottom example
But nowadays every single rape, robbery and murder gets put on the news and it makes us feel less safe
Josef Fritzl probably
We live out in the western part of the country in the Alps so scenery is amazing
Poznań in Poland
Italian is such a beautiful language
because you have 6 gorillion kebab shops in europe
I can't even build a fuckin' snowman that doesn't look like Jabba
Someone just strolling around the Landstraße in Linz or the Mariahilfer Straße in Vienna is most likely not wearing it
Austria: Ah, seems like we only need to love next door
“ (this might be a Viennese thing, I don’t know about other regions)
You want an ugly city
(or at least in Hannover, which I would consider an area with a very strong "Hochdeutsch")
_Sigh
Warte warte wirklich
Near the area that was formerly used by many street hookers there was one stating "There is one that loves you, Jesus Christ". on a church wall
Germany (are really close to it, nearly ended up as a part of it)
Its the year 230
If you aren't a member of a religious denomination you don't have to pay
The only way to half way better get the point across while not looking really off would probably be to write in phonetic script, and I don't know how to do that
Vienna isn’t a bad city either tho
Mia ren nu oiwei Deitsch in Estarreich.
Quite an impressive view from the plain
Darius and Finlay, Falco
So I will try:
Scotland is said to be nice this time of year...
It was walking around in the distance, so I thought it didn't see me
Austria-Hungary had a fleet on the Danube
Fuck advisers and their fees
but many people also Take them by Car To school
I do not take any responsibility for possible brain or ear damage
People from your own country talking about "no-go zones" in your own capital
Very enjoyable
That's because you've been to Tyrol
Objective 4: bring the video to safety
You can easily follow the conversation even if they sit several tables away
She probably still teaches it like that too
I guess I would be safe if a car rental only had automatics after all.
And even then, it’s most likely so specificly German that it doesn’t apply to Austria
Workers protection is strong here
Opus (even from my home town) and Falco
Because I just saw Stranger Things S03: Anything involving fathers getting upset about their teenage daughters dating, or parents not allowing boy-/girlfriends to stay over and being intimate
No, that stands for "All the world is subject to Austria" (Alles Erdreich ist Österreich untertan or Austriae est imperare orbi universo)
\-rant over
oof that is rough, I've lived all over as well and the worst was Newman mobile internet mostly when everyone was coming off day shift and saturating the towers
Me too
and most of the population will probably think the same.
Oh, and you can remove the pit of the apricots by poking them from the top with e.g. the handle of a wooden spoon or something or just making a slit on one side (though the larger the opening, the more juice will escape)
Drinking age
But apart from that I really don't care
Ben meestal op het bootje boven in Friesland
I personally don’t even count Swiss German as German because who tf can even understand them besides the Swiss
I'd have said "Austria is nice", but you want to be a researcher :(
We do drills, wear military uniforms, etc.
According to a German EMT, 112 works in the USA and 911 works in the EU
I read that as „Persians“ and was really confused what the connection between them and the Arc de Triomphe roundabout was
It would be Mozart, Falco, *Live is Life*.
Giurgiu / Ruse Pyce
Turkey is very common too, though people mostly just use the breast meat
It's fucked up that you do that.
I would never want to leave Austria without a good reason
I live in southern Austria and used to work in tourism, everybody knew that August 15th was the buisiest day of the year
Thanks
Not sure about your sources tho
Yes, the article is about Turkey so it should be clear anyway, it still looked to me like you tried to make it look like a "general" way this law gets applied to, which this clearly isn't.
Looking forward to the times when Austrian will be like a second Dutch language
Whenever someone had a birthday, or a important project was finished, or whatever, the whole department got together for a few beers
"Bundespräsidentenwahlwiederholung" would be completely sufficient.
yes, I tasted it, not a fan ;)
You still haven’t answered my question :
At least from what I expirienced, you just go over the border, adapt to the language or switch to english and youre right at home
Finally
"thanks for doing what you signed up for and are paid to do") makes a difference.
A lot actually
"Dragon
These are of course divided into numerous smaller regional accents.
Yeah, didn't thought in that way, but scissors still Beats only Paper and  Rock only scissors
dialects otoh are impossible to learn
In summary: It has of course nothing to do with different levels in politeness, and everything with adhering to what's *expected* that people would do; and it shows that *what* is expected of them, can differ greatly between cultures, and can be hard to know if you didn't grow up there
Jo eh
Are you sure that he didn‘t say anything along the lines of juten as in guten (juten Morgen, juten Tag or some shit like that) and not actually Juden
Wiedenholzer | SPÖ | 4 | **pro**
" He does not believe that the world is 2/3rds ocean, he thinks it is impossible, even if his own brother went fishing all the way to Greenland back in the day, and told him about the vastness of the ocean
When I’m writing a long text, it sometimes happens that I can’t remember a word in my native tongue but I know what I want to say in English, so I have to translate the English word into my own language
My favourite of these in German German has always been "Keule", which means "club/bat".
Croquetas are life
that whole thing was just awesome and funny
As a former sales woman I would never ever want to work on Sunday
If you open a book or newspaper you will see an abundance of genitives.
Similarly some words of Germanic origin are very obvious for German natives while they may seem impressive for English natives
:D and that´s just the ones I can think of now, there for sure are many many more
Having to reverse too much costs a lot of time
And that is a really difficult question to answer, since there's legitimate evidence and arguments for both yes and no
In some cases they knew that what they wanted was probably unconstitutional so they added it directly to the constitution
That's a highly sientific, nonbiased and of course objective ranking.
Nope
Salzburg: music probably (maybe some art and historians too
The ÖVP is the newly (after WW2) formed followup party to the Christian Social Party
However after that the meaning has taken a different path in German (towards poison), while it has stayed close to its original meaning in English
) all have their political color here and the bosses of the individual branches always had to be affiliated with a certain political party (SPÖ or ÖVP)
&#x200B;
At the border of the last foothills of the alps and the minor hungarian depression
Not even his old mates at FPÖ wish him well anymore
Third head of Parliament immediately also steps down for some reason unknown
- I sometimes wear my Lederhose just for fun
Nah, more the far-right that thinks isolationism instead of cooperation is key to success.
What this isn't a thing everywhere in Europe ?
I hope our countries will soon be ready to celebrate europe day
Like "Gooten Tawg, Id like to buy these souvenirs, Danke, Awf Viderrzeyn
But I doubt those people also want the royals back, the Habsburgs are not exactly popular.
But so far the "other side" has mostly been content with letting it play out.
["Wien must not become Chicago"] comes to mind
Can confirm, our diaspora is a whole lot different compared to that of Western Austria
I hated her
You *need* a regulator to get this right.
And here is a map of verified hoaxes/lies/"fake news" about these types of crimes:
In German we also have Albtraum which is frequently used
selecting for quiet babies; clever
usually 1x a day (before going to bed)
**Everybody** volunteers working for it
Don't kid yourself
No but the culture of slovenia is way closer to austria and bavaria then to the other ex yugoslavic countries
yes, but thinking of both combined makes me shiver
[Here is some local folklore about it
Haha thank you
You forget that [JoWood] was an Austrian publisher
It's only snow, not covid
yup, all of them are the same, and you know every last one of them personally and that's why you are able to give me such a great repsponse, finally i am not a sheeple anymore!
They only *really* let it out at home in the Keller where nobody can see or hear it
Wait who is more direct for you
Yes but it's not like you can't afford a car anymore
This is the people we dont necessarily need but can accept
I don't like it
It's perfectly clean in practically all the places
Oh, you guys got some excess democracy lying around?
I don't feel like they "mock" me, but occasionally my Southern Upper Austrian dialect comes through quite heavily so then I've got to tone it down a bit to be understood correctly
Part of another
(I think nowadays it's neither and owned by some international food conglomerate)
High schools are closed
Or someone had some really badly maintained pipes
How come there's dotted lines between, for example, norway and sweden or czechia and slovakia even though they use the same word but not between others like Austria and Switzerland or Austria and Germany?
Holy shit
- Indonesia
I heard about it
Same for me in Austria
I mean, you can come over and leave your money there.
I would also say that Tyrol (where I am from) is closer to Bavaria than Burgenland or Wien for example
Was it "Schnitzel Kebab König", "Schnitzel Kebab Pizza", "Kebab Pizza Schnitzel", or "Pizza Schnitzel Kebab"? It's always one of those
I know it's unpopular, but I think we should also have taxes on import products from countries with unethical working conditions (China)
Maria Theresia
Works on Windows just fine: é È É è
Huh, in Tyrol we also say himper for raspberry
It doesn't get any better
Of course if you have a degree in a highly requested field like computer science this does not count for you
Exactly
What I saw being mentioned in one of those threads where girls were replying on how to deal with this is to take out your phone and pretending to be on a call
"The only hill you can see in the middle of Edinburgh
On Guard
I don't understand the push-over attitude of the EU.
For example when I wann say "are" it sounds like "awe", or "Rock and Roll" sounds like "Wockn and Woll"
Depends on how it is displayed
Satire from a few weeks ago here: The first one is from Daniel Jokesch, not sure bout the other one
We have a bit of an unemployment problem, but the most affected group are people 50+.
Just wanted to say that from one schnitzel to another
Everyone who expected more for Greece or less from Germany is simply deluded.
([source]
If you pass through Vienna, you might consider the [Nationalpark Donau-Auen] Wetlands).
It´s good for France and Macron to stand their ground
i would use football for football and american football for american football ;)
A guy ate a sandwich after failing at his job
I don't know any parent that would let their 10 or even 12 year old have more than a few sips of alcohol
In the shower
Edit: ayayay
They are going to have free elections.
ah ok thanks :))
Can you show me where I said Nazis?
cause quite a few angry people honking at us because we just started walking
At least here, the table has a special ashtray with a [Stammtisch sign] Dunno what they're going to do now that smoking is banned
We learn how to speak Standard High german, but as /u/atlas_at already said it feels weird and unfamiliar.
The crazy thing is that I study 40 mins away from the border
"Do a polish one
I thought it was called "Ne*d*erlandés".
Honestly it's literally everything performed in German
The Nazis were actually more like the social democrats just look at their party program
First spending hours in the kitchen cooking an awsome breakfast for your kids and then being ok with them only taking a bite before they leave
Every country in the world has acess to it unless they are embargoed.
So for the average household you take this times two.
Und im Süden Österreichs null
-Engelbert Dolfuß
The "christmas bonus" isn't even legally called "christmas bonus" and part of most Austrian "collective contracts" that determine things such as minimum wage.
The Hirtshals (DK) - Kristiansand (N) ferry traject was closed soon with the opening of the Öresund and Stoerebaelt crossings
Thank you for posting this, honestly
I think many people were pissed off that they had to vote for a 3rd time becasue the FPÖ appealed it
That's the beauty of the EU that all countries can profit from it.
If you had a bad idea, well, we probably had it before
The problem that any attempt of listing well-known people will run into is that people who arent interested in politics and history do exist
Hungary (organizationally the most important part of the empire except Austria)
The saying was:
562,71 km2)[\[1\]] und 43,049 % der Wohnbevölkerung (3
The only thing that has changed since Brexit is that the bank thought that consumers would react stronger to the referendum.
I predate Bernd das Brot haha
Across the border in Northern Italy there's the so-called [Erdpyramiden (earth pyramids)] which are quite awesome and unique-looking
No, only how to weld and forge...
This makes me weirdly proud and happy
Don't forget the most amazing instrument, the [Txalaparta]
A separatist extremist organization
Yeah, that would be better i guess
This sets a precedent and especially because it was a multi-country judgement there is a very high expectancy that the Court will rule the same way on future challenges and the data retention part of the IPS (Investigory Powers Act / Snoopers Charter) is very similar to the law that was struc down.
Then we have Rosenbauer, they are the biggest fire truck manufacturer in the world
Vatican especially, plus great tourist target, plus still something noteworthy in the diplomatic world even when many people don't care about religion nowadays
They also have close ties to Putin's United Russia party
But have you ever looked at any attempt to build a country based on either
He clearly did good with his deeds, but also was an active member of the Naziparty
It's not rocket science
the usa and their election system are a disgrace to the concept of democracy and should be expelled from any international union until we can figure out what the hell is going on.
What kind of idiot would say that
I looked it up on wikipedia and apparently it's a reference to the whirlpools in the section of the Menai Strait called *the Swellies*, which is just a mile down the road
[Atemlos by Helene Fischer] and [Cordula Grün by die Draufgänger] are both German, but overplayed here imho
I don't think we should try to reinvent the wheel, and maybe link to the existing wikis.
Not Germany, but the situation in Austria was similar between 1945 and 1955.
Time for a new contract
>Without Lend-Lease, the outcome of eastern front might have been very different
It's definitely a "disappointed, but not surprised" situation for me
German has some grammatical tenses that students have to learn but are really useless
You know what
Yeah that's the point though isn't it
Brits were the worst, but Belgium is up there
U.S. cities are not build specifically with cars in mind, but with large single-family homes in mind
There are a lot of mostly American tourists who like greeting/thanking/etc
What Italy having "turned the tide" here means is that its rate of growth is decreasing (i.e. day-over-day +500, +495, +490 etc
but why
Oh da gibts in Linz auch einen ganzen Haufen
We had two different Polices before they were unified but none of them were Military Police
its worth is not its value in money.
It's just that you have a live here and easily forget that you actually could visit those places
It's probably just the [Swedish Dynamite] youtube guy.
At least in Austria we use both
I mean look, I have no issue, as long as Sacher-torte and Julius Meinl coffee are provided as a basic human right.
[Logo]
(: thank you for the information
(The visit had been scheduled long before.)
Our nationality being an artificial one doesn't change the fact that only the worst kind of right-extremists would still consider us German
What's wrong with Nunavut
Has to be "I am from Austria" from Rainhard Fendrich
Always has been
Total | **10** | **4** | **4**
and what did you want to say here?
Only that people got completely confused and write how they want
Your Humour seems to be alright though :)
My Austrian grandmother had a bidet, and apparently it was quite modern when she installed it somewhen in the 60s. At some point it fell out of fashion and I don't know any lately built house to have one
[They're the original, no disguise there.]
As an Austrian I have no problems about hearing news about our little neighbour Germany
Nope, borders are "open" there
Public spending always works as an imprest
Only having EU citizenship does not entitle you to receive welfare...
Na, aber in meiner Denke is die 2 ausgefallen, und nicht einfach verschoben worden
It used to be [way uglier] with big red signs and whatnot
Complete disaster
Hahaha I thought the same thing.
It was also done with popes, except with the current one everybody agreed that "Papst Franz" sounds silly, so the media went with Fraziskus instead (which is half Latin half German)
If they lose their job, it's very hard to find a new one, because companies will rather hire young people, as it's cheaper for them.
And what is Salzburg part of today
Na they aren't that low, it's just that Austria as a country will never be as idolized as Italy or France for instance, so people won't ever be that disappointed
Whatever you do, it will likely not change it for the better - at most it will get worse more slowly
Don’t your doors lock automatically when you close them
The cypriots over at r/AskEurope always tell us that you guys basically feel at home in Greece anyways :P
Avio	FI
&#x200B;
I do not hate this comment as much as the other comments
Truly a dying subject
It also isn't uncommon in other regions, because places were rivers join each other are often called Gemünd, Gemünden or Gmünd
As I said, if the EU had actual balls (which we know they don´t have), they would stop exporting goods to these countries as a whole
Telling you that the well being of British citizens is an afterthought over the well-being of EU citizens ?
Man beginnt mit einem schrillen i, welches man schleifend in ein a rüberzieht
There's no y/i at the end
If you talk to old people, or those who were kids between 1938 and 1945, there are still some who'll say "It wasn't *all* bad, and the really bad things we didn't know." But that's an opinion that people will usually only utter in private or among people they know.
British history however I find fascinating
Well of course they do, without the american involvement in WWII they surely would speak German now.
My valley is extremely rural and traditional
You're just the slavizised Austrians to our austrianized Slavs
At the moment I am actually rather anxious, but about an upcoming exam, not COVID-19
A Greek who pays debts
The ruling party in fact was very strongly anti-nazi
It's not common in Austria, we have an ID but nobody uses it.
>Why not usual gas, though
And then some more
They release him prior tho - out of the window
as a fellow austrian: after 13 months of using the 3GB Hofer HOT plan, I finally received an SMS telling me that I had used 80% of my data, and that's due to some cyanogenmod builds I downloaded this month (>200MB each).
Never knew you guys were such fans, but it makes sense I guess.
The actual fundamentalist Christian parties are mostly very minor parties.
Every corner is a blind corner, sometimes there are tractor and bikes too
France: as much as i'm sometimes taken aback by it, i also admire the pride you take in being French
Puts in perspective how crazy close together everything is up there.
> Though kinda as a side note; At least for Sweden, the English knowledge is often overstated to my experience
I guess "doubt the equivocation of the fiend" means "don't believe the lies of the devil".
(Serious) May I ask why you voted for Hofer?
The basic gist of the the joke is that Latvia is so poor, cold and unremarkable that potatoes are it's most prized possession and national icon.
Because overproportionally many 19th century Czech immigrants worked as cooks
We were kinda seperated from 95% of our land already
You get what it's about but that's about it
He doesn't work like that without Viagra
I haven't heard of them gaining any political relevance
Basically, we get all American movies and TV series that are scripted.
In practice, the position is just for representation and a advisor/mediator for the day to day government
It really depends what kind of work you do
We lost most of our land,economy and all of our prestige and power
It would piss of both us Austrians as much as the Germans
I sometimes have the dream that in the late ninteenth century the european monarchies woke up and realized that they fucked up.
(Yeah I think we lost most of our audience now
So basically they practiced make love not war, before it was cool and more successful
Plus the Red Lion still makes an awesome Pie so as long as they keep doing that there's hope!
It already changed two years ago.
Goode Evening, Morning or Whatever Time it is!
Another Austrian german thing is saying 'Ich habe kalt' (I have cold) instead of 'Mir ist kalt' (I am cold) or 'Ich habe hunger' (I have hunger) instead of 'Ich bin hungrig' (I am hungry).
as in, the money you pump into the system every month
All I hear is Germany or Merkel herself getting all the blame and hate
Yeah, you can barely find any hand sanitizer and no face masks at all, and noodles and flour are almost out in the local store where I live
Strangely nothing in Vienna, the Protest-capital of Europe.
Would you rather live in your own country or somewhere else and if yes, how many
Neither the metric or the Imperial system are perfect or the be-all, end-all.
I know nobody whose standard meal is "Mikrowelle und Kebap".
Much higher household capital though than Germany in Italy
THIS
(Though in hindsight I'm glad I dodged the incest bullet :D )
Tollo	IT
Reinmon | Grüne | 651 | contra
The problem is _leaving_ the EU
Huh, didn't know that Inzko still has the job
But there was this one time when during ww2, a small hall was to be built, and before the building process started, there was a ceremony
We used Asterix comics in school to learn Latin
Very enjoyable
>As for violence, no, there is no hooligan culture around other sports (AFAIK) like in football/soccer
Thanks a lot :)
Can't even speak the dialect named after your state properly, unbelievable :p
Don't block any exits staring at your map or your mobile phone
Do they call it Schnitzel or try to make a dish containing one
Also never seen a Jimny, mostly the older Samurai
Honestly, my kids still watch it today, I think it can explain things much better then adult "Edutainment" shows like Galileo.
Btw, I much prefer watching this concert on tv - relaxed, while having breakfast
I still hope you‘ll be very happy with where you are and who your are tho
976 AD, with Leopold the First, I guess.
And in this particular case it's more than understandable
Also, there is a whole border conflict with Ireland, because Northern Ireland (part of the UK) only remained peaceful, because there was no border between it and "real" Ireland because of the EU
Homeless people carrying their alcohol in brown bags, or people getting pulled over and passengers having to hide that they've been drinking in the car (as long as the driver stays sober, of course)
I had some shortcuts before like for miles and feets and gallons but I lost it
Don't forget, size-wise it's more like me saying "I'm from Austria, it's a country in Europe". If you tell me that you are from Crook County I also wouldn't have any idea that that's in Wyoming or even in the US
Actually it got called 1st World War as soon as 1918
:D He was a Salzburger which is in Austria.
Which is kinda baffling to me, [how can you NOT like a woman with such class]
that's what I would do, honestly, don't care if you're the president, if you enter the house, take off your shoes dammit
If ESA put together a manned mission to the moon, Mars or even an asteroid that could happen, but as cool as the Rosetta mission was, that's the only major ESA mission I even heard of
Nobody really mentioned it but the cuisine and it's "language" is different, in Austria there is much influence from all the former crown lands.
I don't see frog leg or snail pasta taking off any time soon
* making a law against "political islam" (no fucking idea if that's a real word), basically making it illegal to be a radical islamist
In Austria, they usually stop for pedestrians to cross
Mostly because I'd love to finally visit Ukraine, but anyway
I've seen it in Aldi in Mallorca.
No, its --4-20
I don’t know much about history except for the Arabic Spring unfortunately
lol
Buy ditectly from the national rail services, Trenitalia for Italy and SNCF for France (you can find their website on Google).
But after the Second World War, things changed radically
Well you were partly right on Opel and Braun
People said no
I recently learned some Norwegian and it was surprising how close it was to German (especially Austrian German)
That means that places like Burgenland and Lower Austria which are so close to Vienna look like being at a huge disadvantage but this is largely based on the fact that companies register in Vienna.
Daher auch die Paranoia der CSP
It also didnt help that the unifying institutions of a "greek" empire had been increasingly shattered
Ah okay
If we don't turn this passion into environmental protection on a lot of levels, we're screwed
The actors are mostly British and Irish and most scenes are filmed in Europe.
>  or the red and white checkered tablecloth (which frankly I've never seen in my 30 years of existence)
Not just the police, the courts too.
Other than that I don't think I've ever seen one
Schnitzel is actually an Italian dish
And showing prices before taxes
They are then rolled in crispy fried sweet bread crumbs
Many of those deemed not to be civilians for the purpose of the Northern Ireland conflict would have classed as civilian casualties under the Geneva Convention Protocol 1
Stephens stickers
In Estonia I guess they just check their citizen card which probably also will tell you if you are registered in Tallinn.
A Festmeter isn't stacked
And I have a Czech one two, Czech one two
Nasty foreigner with the audacity to give his opinion on US matters.
It's not built around interests or skills, the people who can memorize stuff easier than others are good students, and a student who might be good at doing art and may not be as good at doing mathematics is considered a bad student just because art is not considered as important as mathematics
"At that weird old house on the mountain
I feel like if we tried annexing and stirred things up a bit (near the Balkan of all places), people would be very alert indeed
One person driving from let's say Vienna to Venice costs more than 2 people flying there and back again and it's much longer
I think usually you say "child pornography". Some people online call it "kiddie porn", but I think that's a disgusting and trivializing term
" and "How do I stop scratching my butt
So when he started WW2 he hadn't been an Austrian for 25 years
It's mostly the older people (like 40+) who are still very conservative
join die partei and engage in political work if you want em to be on the ballot next time
Despite winning against Italy on the battlefield
Much more fiscally responsible to get them a 200€ phone every year when they've shattered their screen
Belarus = Weißrussland (White Russ-Land)
You did every nook and cranny, hooooly shit
Often reflective vests are required, they are really helpful on highways by the way.
For me German is just within the borders of Germany.
I guess they're still gonna play the "solidarity and no cherry picking" card though.
people from Germany can sometimes understand some Dutch and vice versa, if spoken clearly and slowly
Sydney just for confusion
The reality is that it has some very important neighbors that it can't simply bully around like it wants to.
Yeah, that sounds painfully Austrian for sure
Also a fair few consortium's run hunting trips in Austria.
Been there in October, was worth the trip.
It is supposed to take place in  [Vindobona] at the end of the [Marcomannic Wars] which is also where [Marcus Aurelius] died in 180 AD (not just in the movie)
The US constitution is old and much better election/governmental systems have been tried and found.
It's true that "richi" can also come from "realm" (as in "Herrschaftsbereich"), but it's not necessarily so and still doesn't clarify which one, though it meaning Bavaria is probably the most obvious/likely
This means, that a lot of conservative voters or voters from the social-democratic party voted for either candidate because there was no candidate of their own party
Might be cool but it's in Belgium, which instantly makes it uncool
When they built the house in 1910, they found copper melting ovens in the floor of this half basement, as well as old roof tiles
The last one means/is supposed to mean "Beware of the white horse", because the German word "Schimmel" means both the fungus called mould, but it can also be used to describe a white horse
I would say we are doing fine
Is this real, though
Yes, and a boot shaped one on the other cheek...
Dunno about the rest of the country
Most of us wouldn't even have the space to host that many kids
When approaching people and you don't know the language and you still want to greet in the local language, say a full sentence like 'Guten Tag, I would like to buy some tickets'. And if you are learning German and you want people to talk German to you, then say a whole sentence so we can hear on which level of German you are and react accordingly
I can only recommend r/EnoughTrumpSpam .
and Telegram is based in Berlin.
Chinese tourist groups and travel agencies often request restaurant in Vienna to serve spare ribs
And the classrooms get locked afterschool, so I just took the stuff I needed to study home with me
I'm optimistic only to be disappointed later
We should start a partition that Google and Co must disable all their services for EU-IPs as this is the only way to comply with this stupid law
Nuclear power plants are only fine until something goes awry, and people tend to remember those times they did go awry much more than the times nothing happened.
Cake, coffee, cigarettes and jagertee or some sort of herbal liquor, because whether you are in the country, I'm pretty sure you will find a place that smells like that
Tell him that toilets in Germany are not separated by gender
So we would probably just annex czechia or bavaria and use prag/munich instead
Jews, "mixed" people, and political prisoners were not allowed to vote (=8% of the electorate) 99% voted with "Yes". There was also a parallel referendum about the Anschluss in "Old Germany", the result was the same
[Mensch Ärger dich nicht] ist the local Pachisi game variant
I love the language, the general "feeling" of the country, how friendly everyone we talked to was, the landscape, etc
Cities, that still exist
They are resellers that sell way overpriced.
Because people can always just choose right
And certainly not *these* problems we've had lately.
So if you mention money, our eastern european brothers suddenly wake up.
Also the author was a devout Lutheran, so the story was more deeply Christian in general and less „Catholic“, whatever that means
There is one scene where she speak with her father, who is played by a German actor
for like a year yeah why not
Grosso
Whats the legal drinking age in your country and what do you think about it?
Dollfuss was around 1,50 and got a nickname for that: millimetternich
They gained a lot of popularity until they weren't allowed to print and sell them anymore.
In Austria we have the Stefanibock, a strong beer brewed in honor of St
we are on a good path, but the graphic doesn't mention that we import 20% of our electricity (not from green sources).
) and there is a famous story there that some soldiers from Slovenia showed up at our barracks
It's way more fluffy and nice, but always has to be handmade (which is the reason why it's rarer, I guess)
Do you know "kajola"? Thats what we say in southern Carinthia and it supposedly comes from Slovenian
Just so you know, most kids that are homeschooled in the US take part in homeschooling programs that help monitor that they are actually being taught and also set up social events for the kids once a week.
Austrian parliament is at the moment split between 6 parties with 3 major ones (SPO, OVP, FPO) and 3 smaller ones (Grüne, Team Stronach, Neos)
Italy: you have one of the most beautiful languages in the world
As an Austrian, I think it should be noted that Ms
I was in Florence and Pisa but Siena was my favourite
Farmers, people who speak dialect, have an obsession with tractors
Same goes for the modern, flat glassbuildings
Kinda stuck in the late 2000s. Either that or very conservatively, which is a safe bet, but a bit boring
Obama 1 was the highest, Obama 2 slightly lower than Trump.
Don't be ridiculous
that's work camp for the three generations of your family
The one I take to Music Festivals takes the cake though.
I myself live 60km away from the capital Innsbruck and it’s less than an hour drive to the German border
It also depends on your relative Position
At this days (Raunächte) the connection to the spirits and the ghosts should be the strongest.
IIRC there was a survey/statistic posted about this topic on r/europe not so long ago
The first two Anno Games and Ori
Ok i didn't see OP asking for places specifically in the city
If i were to make a decision again (being 15 and knowing what i know now, about what kind of work i want to do) i think i'd take that route rather than the academic one
Thats not how that works
Lmao if you dont come out, sabina will come inside
Neither
I know what you're talking about
Generally it was more of a "I really really want some more autonomy like the Hungarians have" and less " A las barricadas"
I don't know what you're talking about
It is so unclear because most pagan gods/spirits/...
As tourist my personal best experience was Ireland.
National Park Donau-Auen
Source: personal observation
There were some very controversial and very swiftly indexxed [Neonazi games] in the early 90s that came from Austria and Germany
But have you ever looked at any attempt to build a country based on either
Yes I know, it is like the difference in Austrian German and Norm high German, basically it is the same language, some people may feel offended if you tell them they speak Serbo-Croatian
Food, architecture and history are obvious examples
Man if you had any kind of ground elevation i'd be all over your country
PS: Idk if that was only for my school and my town or for the whole country in my childhood
Vienna also has one of two UN centers (one in New York)
Never mind I'll find
Having the schnitzel lying in a sauce does destroy that puff and crispness
On a serious note there is the distinction between West Balkans which mainly is former Yugoslavia and Albania maybe minus Slovenia and estern Balkan that is oriented towards the black sea
Press still says "only" one dead
Kanns dir nicht verdenken \^^
People here are afraid when a bear is spotted
Or if someone's wearing a hijab and the future roommate turns out to be someone who hates muslims
Some immigrant groups show no signs of interest in "melting" with austrian culture.
Usually found with people who don't have too much else to be proud of
The reporter went on to say that it was only money that was parked in Ireland by big corporations because of their tax system and that it didn't bring jobs or prosperity.
Or the whole pizza-diversity-situation.
:D Cool
The locals played the good hosts, fed the Germans well and got them drunk with their strongest wine, which they weren’t quite used to
Two days after the election, journalists collectively remembered the existence of Eva Glawischnig, the leader of the Green Party, and she was everywhere.
I do that
Some restaurants will ask you wether or not you want garlic sauce on it
Oh, and people still vote for them, of course
Its a well known fact that the Balkans begins at the Ringstraße xD
Didn't get in though
I am a "Fleischkas" eater
It is a bit of an odd holiday as many Austrians get  the occasion wrong that is comemorated
Gonna add onto that one french guy below me: 48 countries with different histories, technological standards along with academical standards are never the same
geh leck
IMHO the proclamation of the first Republic [had a more iconic pic]
Even drinking 100° C coffee is not going to warm up your body significantly.
San Marino's back is hurting from carrying the honour of the microstate status year after year
Very moderate, nowadays that's already a win
I am sure the voters will be happy if everything has to be cut because the goverment received less taxes.
Later examples from other people included fireproof coal, square circles and the senator Duca Melbista-Berso-Thum(Du Kamel bist aber so dumm / You are a stupid camel, though)
Politics teacher in high school tried that with me too
German, of course, is also a great choice if you‘re going to work in Europe, because it‘s still the most spoken first language in Europe, so I‘d definitely keep that up
Exactly the same here, although I don't have any hard numbers to support my impression
Elae i would have made the post xD
Every Iphone user was seen as a tech illiterate just for having one
now it's all semi-professional renting companies and fake profile pics of the "couple" you're renting from, and then you turn up and it turns out the whole apartment is managed by a guy professionally, with on-call service and little packaged bathroom amenities
First up, your "possessions" Greenland and Iceland weren't worth much, were they
A dialect I and barely anybody I know understands: Vorarlberger dialect
From our point of view, you seem to do everything just a tad better than we are
But there are no autonomous administrative regions as there are no majority minority areas
No just kidding, kind of
It's the same in Austria
Reason is a concordat treaty between the Vatican and Austria that grants the catholic chur h the privilege to teach at public schools
But that definition is weird
I'll go anywhere
brazillians use that name a lot.
Bitch, where
Other food-related words that come to mind are tomatoes (Paradeiser instead of Tomaten) and potatoes (Erdäpfel or Grundbirnen instead of Kartoffeln)
This post does a great job at answering the question; I fully agree and have nothing further to add.
The German use "Handy" as a word for "cell phone" is a [pseudo-anglicism] completely unrelated
The traditions are variing thorugh the families, I grew up with different than my wife so it's a little mix of both.
Oh c'mon that's something little kids use
Alexander Litwinenko was in intensive care in London for three week surrounded by the best doctors and they could do nothing for him
How would you discuss chemtrails with someone who believes airplanes are used to disperse psychoactive substances over the broad population
I feel you, it's horrible haha.
FPÖ: our far-right, populist, anti-EU, anti-climate-action, anti-migration party
Such decisions shouldn't be put in the hands of those that are clueless, therefore I'm in favor of a political style based on reason, rather than emotions.
I have a kid and I have a busy life, so when I am in Berlin, yes
hostage when they're in Europe and take them there.
Simply guessing he might be a farmers boy (because many were in that time): Different regions had different hereditary laws - in some regions the oldest son would inherit the whole farm while the younger ones needed to find work as a farmhand somewhere else.
With regards to our government nothing changed between the last vote and this one.
Don‘t know about the other allies‘ sectors though
The "coloureds" were better off because they were colonized because they only got culture through the Europeans
Interesanterweise sagt die englische Variante der Seite was anderes:
That's how it works in Austria and I suppose in other European countries as well.
Our grave yards have gift shops [
Take that back
Considering our current politics I wouldn't consider us civilized in any sense, but alright
It's really like how safe it is here
I know a couple of Russians and they are all super nice people.
Having colonies sounds stressful
Speaking German definitely helps u understanding this
I didn't mean European union i meant Europe, as continent.
We were the first country to strongly reject biotechnology for crops
Best is directly from the farmer but thats very hard to get in the city
In Austria, we also do *Polterabend* or just *Poltern*, but I don't think we break any porcelain.
I guess you don't become a certified beer sommelier, and work for a brewery, without a reason
Krüppel = Krippl
There are always influences from other languages
The Dame *Aiuóla* of the fantasy story *Neverending Story*
In 7 years of history classes, I never had the impression of getting a complete overview of the history of humankind, but rather each teacher taught the part that they found interesting personally
From my experience it's mostly Afghans, Chechens and Moroccans that've come in the past few years.
This is probably the reason why the ship linking the two cities is called Twin City Liner
Thanks leader of germany in 1945 for killing hitler
Yeah, that's a different concept, though.
Indonesian: Kekaisaran Austria-Hongaria
Turkish is also quite striking.
However, certain generations are used in specific sectors that focus on segmenting and differentiation different target audiences (marketing, politics etc
Yeah but shared Sauna means it's not only for you hence Corona might cause people to use it less
your pennies aren't worth a cent!!!
Small, insignificant countries bickering amongst each other and fading into obscurity while being overtaken by Asia?
Don't know why those words evolved similar
In the Belgian case, however, the court failed to protect religious liberty and minority rights by permitting discrimination under the guise of neutrality.
Hm peanut butter - not popular at all hear.
The best one is Nitrogen - Stickstoff -  suffocate substance
One said 'sigth' the other one sixth
Oh that's cool
If *you* would do that, you'd not see the next day
*Bit of a longer post, because I'm from the border area:* So before the collapse of communism (when I was a kid) it was "mysterious land".
I gotta work no matter matter what
Would make sense especially for the alive and well French movie industry
For friends I could recommend joining a club depending on your interests
Napoleon (I don't know the how manyth) would probably invade Vienna every Monday morning and leave again by late afternoon
I don't believe in it
I love that
Persian culture and history is amazing
I mean Alto Adige is practically ours already anyway
Austrian here, although technically you could get an ID card made around here, I never used one and know of nobody who owns one.
[\[2\]] .
maybe it will work the second time right
But you just punch in/copy&paste the digits in you online banking
Yeah
There's the Arsenal Vienna which was built as a military base in the 19th century after the 1848 revoultion, in order to control future uprisings and revolts
Because in Austria there are open supermarkets at train stations for example.
And I *think* I know four capitals
It's not a tourist thing
Biggest combatants were hedgehogs and wild boars though as well as sleep deprivation in general...
It’s common to greet even strangers ever time you see them (I live in a small village in a rural valley)
Not the strangest but propably the best
Haha, maybe this is the last big mystery that language beholds for me :D
The first panda baby of Europe was born in Schönbrunn in 2008 afaik
i would remove the one from slovak flag too
:D Cool
And sometimes not even Austrians understand the dialect of another Austrian
Austria is the only country in the world where you can drink, drive, vote and smoke at age 16.
Also you say that the Netherlands are not connected to Scandinavias grid
How signature looks like a dude with a big nose lying on his back
America is 45
But I don't let the other person know that, because you honestly can't expect them to know the difference just from my accent.
Yes, Vienna is well known to have a lot of international spies and intelligence activities due to Austria being a neutral country and being located between East (USSR) and west (Nato)
They are sold unrefrigerated and they stay that way at home
There are also words, that have its origin in Slovene, or were influenced by Slovene
Our government is a turquoise-green coalition (ÖVP + Green Party)
That's >10% of the population of Vienna and like >20% of the workforce.
* [Just recently they caught an albino one]
From the capitalists' steak
Riding my bicycle around the village
We Austrians have words for all kinds of coffee.
If OP is just looking for an investment for 3 years an index fund wouldn't be an appropriate choice anyways - an index fund is a long term investment i.e.
Never judge a pumpkin by its cover
"Ich weiß nicht, was ich sagen soll
Here's a list of how Austrian have voted:
It's spoken as a first language by a majority of Catalans
I think it looks cool and gives me fond memories.
Again, I'm FOR banning it
But it always depends on the situation
Yeah lets take a handful of nations and unite them under one flag, but since i am austrian i can tell you that this empire isn't allowed to be ruled by just one nationality so we give every annexed nation seats in a shared government and make it more of a loose union
But otherwise its just a hill, or a small mountain, right
Well, there are *Buschenschänke* or *Heurige* and they fit the description quite well actually
Austria is against it because we've got many regional producers that wouldn't be able to compete with the prices from overseas.
> Y aserejé ja de je
(Some people, that is
Hungary: welcome back :)
Except for Tesla
Well the alliance lasted longer than Dollfuss
Das Bildnis von Dorian Grey
ski tourists, beer, chips, bilingualism, crazy Palais de Justice in Brussels, Congo, picturesque medieval towns like Bruges
She was an AWFUL teacher
Since hardly anyone is using Macs that whole reason of getting an iPhone isn't there
Somewhat the same system in Austria.
In my hometown at 600 metres there is no snow
I am sure nobody wants private health care, private prisions, flat tax and so on.
Na, aber in meiner Denke is die 2 ausgefallen, und nicht einfach verschoben worden.
At the time the Social-Democratic party (SPÖ) was the only party in charge and the conservatives (ÖVP) saw a chance to weaken the quite popular and mighty chancellor Bruno Kreisky, especially because he tied the result of the referendum to his own political future.
From my point of view Craftsmanship and trade is more institutionalised in german speaking countries and therefore they don't want to sell their company to a bigger one, because they "know what they are doing" compared to a ceo with just an economics background
It takes me roughly 40 minutes to get to Germany and even less to get to Italy, although that's south Tyrol I'm talking about, which I personally don't consider Italian.
also r/Schnitzelverbrechen
A transfer union is necessary for an integrated economic bloc like the Eurozone, however I (and basically every other observer of EU politics) currently finds it highly unlikely to push forward such further integration for the foreseeable future
Historical reasons still
there will also be a german Netflix show soon.
Completely
If I walk down my street there's [a carpentry] at the corner, in a half basement
Wow, you seem to have your future planned out very well for a 19-year-old.
And surprisingly, none of them are even close to doing anything so incredibly disastrous that it has made worldwide headlines for several years at a time
Es gab bis vor Kurzem ein Dorf in Österreich mit dem Namen "Fucking". Es war ein beliebtes Ziel bei englischsprachigen Leuten
He didnt care a bit about his childhood home and instead saw the Austrian army as his home
My impression is that a lot of Americans view it as us not having freedom of speech and like it is just another form of oppression
Yea that's still rather common unfortunately
So fun times ahead
Typical case of a word with the same root, but semantically it developed differently in both languages
One is not more "enlightened" than the other.
> Today it's used as a quite successful festival venue, so not a completely failed project
He once was invited to the German TV-Show "Wetten dass", where he had translated the lyrics into German beforehand so everybody knew what he was singing about
There are another 3 cousines living on the same street the brother of the one neighbore is living next to the first cousin i mentioned, the son of that guy is also living directly next to him, opposite of my place lives the woman that was my babysitter when i was small, then there is a good friend living next to them
I think most people have never even heard of Europe Day (what a shame) or are aware that the day before Europe Day is the day the nazis capitulated and may be considered a holiday (even greater shame for this country)
Its just a trick some waiters pull on annoying tourists
The number of landlocked countries in Central Europe is too damn high!
>I pledged to boycot the thing years ago when rumours about 400 dead workers (slaves
Napoleon lost 3, more or less, bigger battles
Besides, using a car in a city like Vienna makes no sense whatsoever (except if you have to transport something large but there are good car sharing services for those instances)
With most of my games that is English
Do you hear it too
Pfütze = lockn
And blue coastal cities near end Byzantine
We have a strong east/west divide, you have a Bible Belt,...
So they think Russia is the 3rd most socialist nation in existence while not listing the likes of North Korea, Vietnam and Cuba
Also people do not move that often in Europe on average
You were taking austerity as a metaphor to stop the bleeding, i.e. stop the indebtedness and the lowering of creditworthiness, at least that's what I got from it which is why I pointed to the fact that it's useless if you don't even get the opportunity to rebuild the economy in the first place
That's what you said
With a population of 400 or so I don‘t think many Austrians even know it‘s a city
Guess whut happened to a certain german news outlet after google blocked them
Archer, on the other hand, did quite a good job
yes, they brought soft drinks too, especially the lemon one to mix the "Russ"
And I understand Dutch good enough to get a rough sense of what a short text is about
I think i've never used it casually and only in school
Their kids learn Basuqe in school ofc, but that doesn't mean that they really speak it
Now it doesnt happen anymore, but 25 years ago it was normal to have balck-outs
Only the southern and western parts
Other terrorists that were European also did enter through the refugee stream.
Poeppoepen
To me as a German speaking native it is not the same as wanderlust, even though pages try to translate it that way
I mean austrians would finally own a beach again
**Historical Background**
The funny thing is, there are a lot germans with let's say rather "right-of-center ideology" in parts of eastern germany
Thinking back, I remember how in Doremi they showed *very obviously japanese Onigiri* and called them cookies
Austrian women are pregnant for about a single year in their entire life on average, so I'm not sure that multiple pregnancies at home is a realistic scenario to prepare for
But today it's completely meaningless.
I sincerely hope you find help for your mental problems
I was surprised that we play it at all, to be honest
I know, but in the show he was from Serbia, so i guess he spoke serbian
The eastern Adriatic coastline
He also said something about politics being above the law but I can't remember what he said exactly though
No, they don't have that right, imo.
Yes, the "doing nothing and letting court take care of it"-strategy is something copied here.
yeah, same with Germany
It might be a bit stereotypical or not an activity that defines your personality much unless you are actually travelling a lot.
It has snowed three times that were measurable
I quite enjoy Michael Buchinger's monthly "Hassliste" (he's very good at ranting and being humorous while doing it)
Not much the general population profits from
Because it will just not do one essential thing, that takes 5 seconds to implement/code, because the main dev religiously does not believe in it
Ok, here's another one: This video will probably be (a bit) funny to most of Western Europe.
The whole area does have a lot of bars, theaters and other stuff and this evening / night was the last one before the new Covid Lockdown starts today
> Why would we take this chance away by deleting and banning people with certain views
It’s becoming a problem in the alps
I always say that Klagenfurt is our biggest city nobody knows about
You essentially pay money for a 20 minute reading of a Wikipedia article with background music.
Both are rarely used in speech, although they occur in books
Normal beer is clinked at the top of the bottle or glass, wheat bear is clinked on the bottom
Hardly a surprise :)
Here in the center of Vienna, during the day I already see more trucks, Ubers, Taxis, Amazon/UPS/other delivery cars than private cars and this trend will continue and increase traffic
No, I don't think this will ever happen with any of the official languages of the European countries
hm strange, I never noticed a paywall
If i were ever to move to another country, it would very likely be yours
Chechnya (if you count that) and Russia (not because of the people but the because of the politics)
Anyone from Vienna could get gold in that sport easily
It's a pretty popular thing to think here since seemingly so many of them immigrate to Western Europe
You seem to be an expert in mental gymnastics.
It's also spoken in some parts of Germay as a dialect.
Sorry, can't help you there
They are doing a post 1945 Austria in this regard
Klagenfurt (originally Furt der Klagen which means "Valley of Lament")
In Vienna, I'd say it's Ottakringer.
It depends wholly on the government
Not a chance
Beautiful countryside and friendly people.
I speak a German dialect and for people in my area it takes active effort to switch to standard German
Out of all those, Tankwart still stands out as the worst name ever
Maybe it's just me but the railway thing sounds very much like Germany
Cause they don’t get some ?
I remember that
In my head canon, the sixth corner is the Île de France
Absolutely, for spelling I use whatever seems more logical to me
And regarding musicians, obviously I didnt mean Mozart :P
I don't think a lot of people do either.
* Female smokers aged 10 - 14: 3
"Literally Hitler" would have been a rare case where this is a correct statement, but you passed the chance ;)
The only Dutch song I know is "Zeven dagen lang" and I love it
A 18 year old from my country was charged for having consensual sex with a 17 year old girl in the US
(afaik, his house has been raided 3 times during the past year)
I have never met a left-wing racist
Love it
Yeah you are right
More like "Hey look at us, we're not all old farts or rapists
I always loved the US; and I think Trump was the better choice than Hillary (but someone like Rubio or Kasich would have been the better alternative to Trump)
A quick wikipedia search later, I found out the Germanic Moon God was Máni (of course there are more/different ones too) and his sister Sól/Sunna gidess of the sun
Zu spät, der Abschiebflug geht in einer Stunde
Or „Froschen“ and „Schweinern“ which mean „Frog-en“ and „Pig-ing“
As a tourist you obviously don't need to speak it.
Other than that I got nothing
you should do it more often, transylvania is awesome
I have a ridiculously deep sleep, so didn't wake up
That would be kinda dumb
40 minutes by public transport including walking (mostly due to the early hours), 25 minute bike ride (or 20 if I'm really trying)
For decades our big parties have added all kinds of irrelevant legislation to the consitution
surprised this hasn't been posted yet:
Also thank you Sweden for harboring Kreisky, the best chancellor we ever had
I swear here it's exactly inverted, yellow for the store, blue to take home
So to put it more succinctly Yugoslavia was a "multinational" state but oversaw the attempt to homogenize the southern slavic peoples into one ethnos
I think almost everybody says "oke" in austria while germans tend to say "okay"
Any democracy that has any worth would have seen the massive protests the first time, and accepted that the people don't want this(for now anyway, I expect it to show up again on the EU agendas in a decade or so)
:-O
I also watched a few black YouTubers who shared their opinions on racism in Germany, Austria and Switzerland and it didn't sound very optimistic
are and what they are responsible for
We already work really closely with Germany anyway
Absolutely - at least for the older generations
I have never seen anybody, beside a German, commit to such a kitchen-crime
The company is half Canadian, so not purely Austrian
It's a nice and cozy country with chill people
All I'm saying is that the ubiquitous baldness/buzzcut was very noticebale in my few days I spent in Poland.
Well, we lost and the German states got prussiafied which is very visible nowadays in Germany.
In practice they can be removed by the parliament, so typically a majority in the parliament "strongly suggests" to the president who should be in which position who usually just takes that list and chooses them
I support banning people like you from this sub.
I like how you misspelled it in the first mention, so that people won't find it
Not all right-wing people are racists, but all racists are right-wing
since we have euro the exchange offices are practically non-existent in slovakia
I mean not like populist ones rising right now, but still it is not left.
>Counties people don't joke about: Salzburg, Tyrol, Vorarlberg, Styria
Sea-moose is kind of better than shame-us
The heavy accents of *German West Hungary* are a pain to understand ;)
I'd like to see a Vulcano in Austria, like
Just not from Paris for some reason
I know, but my sister in law and some colleages, which are turks, also told me that they can easily understand some parts of Japanese, and although I know that the theory is controversal, I hear this again and again
It was shit, but I felt so hip!
Bitte so bald wie möglich zur Wahl antreten <3
The silver one
Slovenia would give Austria and Hungary sea access, and Croatia some additional coast
Sauerkraut
when opening a bank account or when being announced as a speaker.
We just say „Schere, Stein, Papier“ (Scissors, Rock, Paper -the order of the words is different here)
He was shot twice
Some sports people probably as well, like Dominic Thiem, or Niki Lauda
thb, winning wasn't worth it, cause the winner has to spend millions for hosting the eurovision next year.
we have sparkling wine instead
They apologized so those hate mongers had less munition.
Same day as napoleon even
a shame though that the Strasbourg hemicycle is definitely the better looking of the two
well, he has a good point (not the one you understood it to be).
Hiking is different
) inside the Blue Banana and also Thames starting, going through and ending in the Blue Banana Region
Now that he's so old, once a week my gf's dad has to bring him groceries from the village, so he doesn't have to go down
I'm afraid that the problems that tend to incur when using french trains with interrail passes (mainly reservations) are known.
To take a French shower (wearing perfume instead of actually washing yourself)
Austria plays an important role as a kind of negotiator between east and west (especially in the cold war) because of our neutrality
Everybody knows that rich Texans ride to school in tanks
The city isn't breathtaking tbh (just like any other Silesian city), but it's quite a big one that everybody around here knows, because it's closer than Katowice and has almost as many shopping centres
80 	g Semolina
Too often being nationalistic is viewed in a bad way.
And this is why you don't send two rookies together on patrol, but pair each one up with an old established officer
It's not a Latvian operation (and I agree that Latvians and the whole Baltics can be quite overboard).
Crimes are down, poverty is down, education is up, democracies are up.
But minor details
etc
Back then Greece, turkey and the UK all agreed to do their best to ensure that Cyprus remained an independent country and was not annexed or integrated by any of the other nations
We have the same
"Some kind of wild eastern mountain german" funny, laughed
Even renting an apartment is crazy expensive
When I visit family back in Styria this is often the case..
[Democracy is going bye-bye]
Most certainly when we consider Austria's current borders, and maybe also when we consider the respective historical borders
Not sure if a city like Graz is the best experience, but you'll at least get to see a lot of them.
I feel like it would be one of the larger and more imports nations of Oceania and could quite easily survive and thrive on its own
Cost are 365€ per year for the whole city (Bus, Tramways and Metro/Underground) (!! I THINK, I COULDN'T FIND THE ACTUAL PRICES but that is what I remember !!)
I guess "doubt the equivocation of the fiend" means "don't believe the lies of the devil".
I don't know when the last time was that you were in an Austrian school, but that is definietely not what is taught in Austria's schools nowadays
I applied to a Scottish uni two years ago and they said I was only considered an European if I had lived the last three years in Europe (I hadn’t), which is so fucking fucked up
Nope, they angrily dimissed the very possibility that terrorists will come in among the refugees and tried to shame people who didn't agree.
The people fear power are taken away for them and they are overruled by regions who are not aware or have no interrest in their problems.
Germany feels really distant to me
where this person would be denied to enter
They were really pretty :(
Best description of Austrian politics in general imho
) Either way, at this point it's not an Empire, not in an Empire and it's not really the noteworthy farthest east of anything in particular either as far as I know
I want the templer ottoman vs the assassine viennese in the second siege of vienna
(Gesetze im Verfassungsrang)
Austria had the first "successful" populist right, the Freedom Party (FPÖ), and was the first country to to have them in the government after the [1999 election] It was quite a tumultuous time and the other EU members imposed sanctions on Austria.
It's a beautiful country, cheaper than much of Western Europe, and you get a bit of the Mediterranean lifestyle (at least that's how it felt to me).
Though, they do stick out because of their sleek design
Makes sense too as families were much more of an economic unit back then
>Somehow the blame for most things the EU fucks up ends up in Brussels
uuhm i might be wrong here but I thought the guy who first distinguished the blood groups was an austrian biologist called karl landsteiner
Austria and Australia
I'm not a big fan of mountains and I regard skiing as incredibly boring
The Bosporus is the thing that makes the region interesting geopolitically and not some backwater Anatolian mountain villages.
That policy from the 1999's black-blue 400 IQ government is finally paying of and skiing is dying out
I had to keep my shoes on every time I entered a house
Austrian German: Stuhl - human shit
I kinda love Switzerland
I am disappointed in the French
Lol I thought you were writing about eating live ones in the second paragraph, but then I luckily read the second sentence
Not all water services use chlorine all of the time and bacteria exists everywhere
As you describe it people don't think these things through
>I can get on a plane in Atlanta and fly for 6 hours to Seattle, and when I get off the plane everything is more or less the same
USD / EUR +2.7% this means that you get 2.7% more USD per Euro, thus the EUR has become stronger.
Put Apricot in the middle of the disk and form dough into a ball around it
Personally, I use the -erl diminuitive heavily
We yodel from mountain to mountain, dude.
Nowadays I do not care whether I speak German or English, but depending on the context I might just be more expressive in English than I would be speaking German
thanks for reminding us of ww2.
Kohlmarkt and Freyung are just streets, you've not been there
For the other half year the time doesn't change so the effect is positive
People get louder
Beware though that sometimes KFC has meh days
If the EU would be one country (which it isnt) those parts would also enjoy visa free travel to the US - for now I do understand the decision though
The "Baumaxerl" is just the icon of a wood/constructionshop and he essentially commits horrendous warcrimes
We still have a little bit of snow on the ground where there is shade most of the day
Oh certainly
Tyrol's hymn has none of that and it's instead about a rebellious uprising during the Napoleonic Wars and the execution of its leader [Andreas Hofer]
I personally exclusively use cash to pay because it's accepted virtually everywhere.
Yeah, but then you're in the US
"ein harter kampf hat dich in zwei geschlagen, von dir gerissen wurde südtirol" )
There is a traditional use for poppy as a tranquillizer for infants though (when they cry uncontrollably), it's called "Mohnzuz" and as far as i can gather it's some sort of pacifier that's made from/with poppy seeds
I know it sounds ridiculous to teach people to ski but those are people doing it voluntarily in their free time anyways.
"Frauen Gesundheit" Doesn't mean "Health of Women" it is "Health and Women", a few of the ministries are set up that way.
Holy faxmachine,  1980s Batman
never heard it being used here
WW2 too
I am originally from a village with 700 people so going to Vienna or Graz was always an adventure for me
I can‘t yet vote (next year tho), and honestly, I have two parties I can vote for
They are not painting a picture about what good that can be achieved with such policies, they just repeat all the bullshit the right populists are saying - the other side is just a "defence against that".
So the austro-bavarian dialekts get recognized as slavic dialekts and slovakia, czechia and poland are now north slavs instead of westslavs so that austria can become a westslavic nation
And he was finishing his Master of Law in London
There is some discussion about if we're allowed to remove it because technically it might not be not a war memorial, but it was built by the red army
To me Rauchbeer tastes as if someone put smoked ham in a keg of beer for a week or so, then washed a couple of old crusty ashtrays in the resulting liquid before finally putting it in a glass in order for me to drink it ;)
This was decades ago, but one time there was only a "Indian style" hole in the floor toilet at an Italian beach
the culture of 'sudern' (=complaining about everything)
I literally would in a heartbeat
If you go out to eat traditional food you have to be prepared to spend a lot of money
But that one's boring
Basically the tour ends at Birkenau but you can get with the bus back to Auschwitz again and our guide told us that we can go to Auschwitz I again especially to watch the exhibitions developed by the different countries.
Maybe it's not a good analogy, but the UK seems like someone torn between 2 different families.
The one thing we were not allowed to do was to sell them during the final exhibition because this was just for showing off everyone's work and not a commercial thing
I got that
I'm in Austria and I was able to purchase VTI shares recently even though they're not listed on the Austrian page:
It's all about knowing somebody who knows somebody
sweet, and it's not far away either
In my experience, people from Copenhagen do this
There is a trip where you start in Vienna, Austria and go to NK through Russia and China
And generally any expression I have picked up somewhere is fair game for me
Public activities are mostly humanitarian help for catastrophes and war areas, and regular ambulance and/or hospital services in some parts of the world
I like how one of the options in the *official* poll is something that almost got me perma-banned here (turned into only a 30 day ban).
Why
TIL Arnie war auch ein Schwarzkappelzwerg
Yeah, Zürich
I don‘t know a single national anthem
It's probably less common in more rural/conservative parts of the country though
I've actually brought relevant ready-made meals or ingredients (like [Germknödel] [Mohnnudeln] [Kaiserschmarrn] with me to show them to friends
Pretty nice folk there and it was really good
I live near Salzburg and I've eaten there a few times but I had no idea that it was THAT old
Maybe in a comedy or satire for added effect
We shot everyone including teachers with water guns and got drunk
no but really, I honestly miss those when going abroad and having to deal with the other variants that are all either too flimsy or humongous
I only wished the rest of the EU had the balls to actively support you
Vienna should be the Imperial European Capital!
There are definitely easier places to smuggle people in to, I don't think Switzerland is the prime destination for that
meme
And not even removing the stem from the tomatoes?!
Not a bad place per se, but I didn't find it all too appealing/interesting
If an investor buys stock, they're not investing in a specific currency.
Well, let me guess
Interesting sidenote: I went to Bolivia, everyone there chews coca leaves, but poppy is illegal (even for cooking) and many people don't even know what it is
Also so boring things like fried chicken and rabbit liver
While I'm not born and raised Viennese I've never lived further than 30km from the city (and currently live in Vienna) ¯\\\_(ツ)\_/¯
You willingly accept billions of USD of aid from them a year whilst millions of Americans cannot even afford a pot to piss in
Oh the tabloids are allready making fun for him for that
The whole discussion is already pretty annoying.
>I don't think it's assault rifles, it's smg's.
"Dragon
Is it just the terrain or is there a reason Wallonia has so few inhabitants compared to Flanders?
Tyrolians, Salzburgers, Carinthians, Styrians
Eight criteria will be applied for narrowing down this concept in spatial terms: (1) The historical impact left by German and Jewish culture (as specific characteristics) in addition to Slavic, Romanic and Hungarian layers of culture among other (that are also in evidence outside of Central Europe) (2) The coincidence or temporal succession of Protestantism and Catholicism while orthodoxy and Islam play only a minor role
The European Songcontest is already more than I could have ever dreamed of :D
It's funny because Vienna has a district called Wieden
Unpasteurized milk, yes
I was about to write Austria and Germany, but its really just Austria and Bavaria
It's quite funny actually
I once ate a great Beuschl-like dish in Rome, it had a different name, but essentially it was the same parts
Times change, i dont know why people don't realise that, just because some 80 years ago people wanted to join germany doesn't mean it's still the same, in fact many people in Austria nowadays don't like the germans.
Fifa, Assassin's Creed, Battlefield, Candy Crush
Already rounding up political opponents
Maybe you just ate other unhealthy food
There are very minor differences in usage and some preference of grammatical constructs, all in all there's a supernational board that generally guides language development, so it is unlikely that we would devolve into a Slovak/Czech situation anytime soon.
German and English with a few others as selectives, but I never bothered.
Imagine if everything you liked about the US could only be distilled and expressed through something like a food (Oreos for example because they are delicious)
Only Thing people I know found by digging around are Nazi stuff (I know two people who found a SS dagger in their Field) and Unexploded ordnance
Many consider it an unofficial national anthem
They have a nice/average house but only an old car and only went on a budget holiday every few years
Actually it was in friuli/carinthia and it was an intermediate difficulty
for instance when I was younger I was very confused about the word tungsten because in Swedish it literally means heavy stone even tho it’s a metal
Killing
That's probably because I'm a man though
[They meant to use this one]( The article isn't hard to read at all on the other hand it offers little more than a description of the maps.
Basically everyone I know is always looking forward to going to summer time and hates going the other way because it's just so damn depressing having no sun in the afternoons
Overall I've enjoyed my two days in rotterdam very much
It seems people have a chip on their shoulder when it comes to English and for some reason  feel the need to assert their superiority by bragging how complicated their language is compared to it
> putting parmesan on fish or fish-based sauce
My acquaintance (he is under the age of 16) saw the death of an individual
Aren't they Moldavian
Not break but get passt the locking mechanism which usually is weaker than the one of doors, and it is not like those doors look like they are steel plated
Oh /: yeah, here the people who aren‘t from around here will adopt our dialect
You also had coalitions the whole time
I think that's one of the reasons my language when speaking English is littered with modifiers like "pretty", "quite", "rather", "fairly", "more" etc
It's called statistics
Wouldn't have taken him for a nostalgic type based on his art but I guess he was
His successor Theodor Körner was born 1873 in Újszőny bei Komorn (now part of Komárom) in Hungary, then Austria-Hungary
I have central heating with wood or oil
Mohn is best used sparingly
In my opinion, a bigger European collective could tackle political (Syrian Civil War, Russian aggression), social (refugee crisis) and economic (climate change, renewable energy) issues much more effectively.
"ungern" ist actually pretty funny
&#x200B;
No, I don't think it does
Over time those differnces are going to level out if French supermarkets are starting to order Nutoka from Germany for example.
If you use the right attachment and frame for your picture, you can drill holes in the frame of your picture and put smaller pictures on top of your picture
I kinda miss Austria, just having an existential crisis in the middle of it all
riiight, *French*.
I haven't heard this name in years
Well, it kinda makes sense
Ah Germans, you gotta love them.
politics, corruption cases, war histories, etc
Vienna is awesome in November/December because of Christmas markets.
Which is part of the argument, I don't want to join an army where I my life is on the line just because some idiot in some far away country that I didn't elect did something stupid and dragged the whole union in the conflict.
You just have to get over the fact that it is brain
Mexico was the only country in the world that was willing to - verbaly - protest the Anschluss, military support was impossible for them however
There are different languages which are 99% intellegible and dialects of a language where you only understand 30-50%.
There are a lot of things that I do miss about America and American life, but when I look at everything, for me and my family, it is better here
well, weak
It was nice though
Due to Youtube, it's really bad with Austrian kids and germanisms these days
Conscripts can't be sent out of the country afaik, and as we are not in a war ourselves it's not really dangerous to be a conscript
Yeah, that too and not just in Calvinist Holland
I have had italian for 3 years in school and never even heard about egli or ella
Het is vandaag een warme dag en de zon schijnt, maar ik prefereer koude winterdagen met sneeuw en ijs
Hopefully it won't be like the Austrian and US presidential election where the far right party got much more votes than the polls showed.
>  Austrians are trying to blame it all on them though
But to be honest, I don't really care how many ignorant people are cheering about the corrupt, unsafe near children and senile guy (whose VP basically called him a rapist a while ago) who has just been called projected president elect
I wonder what country he's from this time
Nice
There's an interview with a Russian millionaire who openly supports the FPÖ.
> Pretty much everyone who speaks Welsh as their first language can speak English fluently from a relatively young age
German speakers speak the Ch a lot softer and for foreigners, especially English speakers, it is even more challenging as they pronounce it like the C in Car
He decided this name will be the official name in international relations
Hence the lack of Street View in Austria.
In Salzburg, the quiet areas were also tested in regional trains
If I want emotionally touching words, I go read poetry (and I normally don't, because I find the whole concept kinda cringy)
Austria could use one too, considering it took us almost a year to elect a new head of state, not to mention, that we were about to elect a far-right person as head of state.
But sometimes people don't have separate engagement ring(s).
ÖVP dying to the Neos would be hilarious, I have to admit
a hendlhax
- Grammeln, greaves
This position is nowadays called [victim theory] or *victim myth*.
After bloody riots and small scale skirmishes between militias the UN send peacekeeping forces that more or less separated the island between the Greek and Turkish population
oh yeah happens all the time
I tend to believe you I just would like to get an example (atleast) and I am pretty sure there is no 10+million-people city in Europe with pollution levels like Beijing.
Schloss Schönbrunn and the palace of Versailles are impressive, but i want **more**!!!
;) In "official" contexts, TV-news, or newspapers, we would use "die Niederlande", but colloquially it's usually Holland.
A chair seems sort of weird
Hinterbrühl isn't in Vienna, neither is Burg Liechtenstein
Where I life mostly hailstorms, which the insurences are taking care of.
Good, a country with backbone
The 13th and 14th costs almost the same as the other salaries to me.
This is something I have to blame myself too for
I can only speak for myself but I like Finnish music
My grandma always refers to Gigritzpatschen, an imaginative village in the middle of nowhere
6 lessons a la 50 minutes means the school ends at 13:30.
My absolute favorite in Denmark was den gamle by
Eisenstadt and especially St
Breathtaking xD
So basically, Polski confirmed!
He just is not that popular in Russia and if not hyped by the western media he would be totally insignificant today
I just hope for you that this didn't kickstart the biggest recession in your post-war history.
Well I had that in the USA
I walk down 4 floors, walk about a minute to the subway, have a 8-10 minute subway ride and then walk up 2 floors and I'm there
Yeah true
Oh yeah, this thread will go great
have a nice day
Also: the best Spanish region is Cantabria
I remember Jeannie in "I dream of Jeannie" use it once lol
May I ask which region in Tyrol that is
Lots of those come from the bible and other historic texts
Austrian guy: sobs in Viennese
Up until Anschluss the Austro-Fascist government tried to stop an German annexation of Austria
Hating a person, and voting for the party is for many people a different thing
Normally we don't really need any holidays to get wasted.
You just don't give out 1 and 2 cents
We Austrians are always skiing
The idea that all humans are equal no matter the race
It is
If you're on a German QWERTZ layout, I can highly recommend it
Wait
And the remains of an amphitheatre
But Dutch
So not *that* long ago
You'll soon find out that EFTA FTAs tend to be rather shallow in nature:
It's usually a random orchestra in some random places (schools, rented gyms) playing those 2 Strauß pieces everybody knows, and that's it
For Viennese and probably most people from the eastern part of Austria it is the defacto symbol of the city
Während SdAP uns CSP/VF Politiker trotz aller Differenzen im KZ zusammenstanden, hat die KPÖ allen Kontakt und allen Zusammenhalt verweigert
Did you even read the article, basically the Austrian Republic will reimburse market value to the owner of the house.
Well, but mainly they support the international chain that owns the hotel they're staying at, or the fastfood chains they're eating at, the airline, etc
Sovjets suffered the most but it led to more suffering afterwards
There are a lot of tourists in the center of Salzburg, but if you live a bit outside it's fine.
That is the most Romanian way I can imagine to answer this question
Places can be persuaded, if you know what I mean.
Liechtenstein: sorry guys, I've only ever met one of you peops back when we were both studying and he was very nice but the cliche was just ridiculously strong with him: 19 years old with a gold watch and a S-class Merc each worth more than a year's salary of mine (now, more than a decade into working life)
We have deaths every year from people going into the Alps like it's a giant theme park
Make 10 New ski alpin disciplines so we can finally rival the Norwegians with their 100 cross-country skiing disciplines
Paragraph 8 of the assembly law restricts the bulk of public assembly to citizens.
As you (probably) know, eating is a **serious** past-time here and we have a huge variety from Corinthian Kasnudeln, Lower Austrian Mohntorte to classic Viennese Schnitzel, Influenced by the former countries of the Austrian Empire all the way up to to Asian Cuisine
Laidback, carefree, either cosmopolitain if it wears normal clothes, or little bit xenophobic if it wears Lederhosen and Trachtenjanker.
Yes, as a US citizen you do not require any visa for a stay of up to 90 days in any 180 day period.
Yes "we" (i.e. our grand and great-grand parents) were, but "Austria" didn't exist during that time i.e. it wasn't sovereign
No, it's from a tumblr post made about 2 months before that Vine
But soooo many great memories of this city
Can you hear it
austria has only been part of Germany for 6 years in its history
I grew up in Aschaffenburg and there walking through the city at night was no issue at all
And some smaller austrian metal bands that I really like are Küenring, Venator and Dead Knowledge
Although I personally speak a mixture between dialect and Standard Austrian (depending on who I‘m talking to), the thought of having children that speak like Germans is so hoat meier
Yeah, didn't thought in that way, but scissors still Beats only Paper and  Rock only scissors
Mainly used for shopping, e.g. meat
Main reason for that is that social security payments in Austria are tripple that of wages in some of the poorer parts of Romania and eastern Slovakia, which are quite close
Thanks Italy, especially the towns along the old "Austrian Riviera" (Jesolo, Grado, Triest, Caorle, Lignano etc
Usually, people bitch about the US the same way Americans bitch about Washington (DC).
I don't imagine it's that difficult for a Russian to obtain Ukrainian papers, or even citizenship.
This one is not as stupid but still really dumb: After the 2019 parliamentary election, the leader of the Social Democrats (who just received their worst result in a federal election ever) triumphantly proclaimed that her party is going in the right direction
Today I had a butterfly, but that's really rare.
**Vienna** (= german: Wien, Austrian dialect: Wean) is more complicated as there's two separate etymologies:
well you don't even border us so that makes sense
As an austrian, I don't put them in the fridge
For other dishes like soup, or stuff with sauces I do not think it is common
The Netherlands and Austria will have to follow Germany out of sheer necessity.
But doesn't it sound slightly different to Dutch Dutch
"? Sounds kinda complicated instead of "lass uns". :)
I mean alcohol is way more dangerous and my village would march against vienna if they would try to enforce some sort of alcohol ban so why not legalize canabis
Maybe he'd be willing to let go of this purely symbolic charade in exchange for housing a first-class European academic institution
It always goes well into the morning and sometimes continues after that at some friends place for breakfast
It's quite common to go "play some pool" with a group of guys and have a few beers while playing.
For me it would be the [Grimming] The highest isolated peak in Europe
For Austria I'd say it's both world wars
I can understand why, I haven't rewatched it since I saw it in the cinema and I went in expecting the usual DC shit
I always thought it's "Christ bless this house" in latin
So there was this guy called Falco, he was(is) AWESOME like, one of a kind, sadly he passed away after a horrible car crash in 1998 but his music lives on
That there are no unions, and its portrayed as being something special and extra if there is one
That time when the Ibiza scandal was made public though :D
Recently he's made a list of 15 people he knows that according to him should to die already, because they do not serve any purpose anymore in this world
From what I can see she does not have sensible views either.
Aren't they Social Democrats
Russian plates always are a bad omen
I can't imagine it
A mechanical engineer who asked why trains aren't run by Otto engines
Afaik, they have their own school system set up and everything?
Hi, thank you for your contribution, but this submission has been removed because it is a question better suited for /r/AskEurope.
I've seen Bernie Sanders being called a socialist so many times by americans even though he just wants a similar system as we have here, so don't tell me nobody thinks of europe as a socialist utopia
You want an ugly city
Funfact: If you look at the border between Belgium and Germany you can see the lines to some wierd overlap thing
Here in Austria the state steals up to a year of men's youth, and women aren't event considered.
This way you can support us
i just started the part of blacklist where the one guy goes to germany and none of the people involved are german natives and i can‘t concentrate because their german is just so bad
(eg
Pay him a proper therapy instead.
>	I could bicycle and use public transport to get around, but I don’t like to
And obviously, the district and letters make great number plates, like [PE*NIS 20]
Very funny situation
>currywurst
* U steht für uns, dich und mich -> U is for us, you and me
In the one instance (that is yet to be proven) voters get to make a proper decision based on leaks about a corrupt candidate and party and the other was just fear mongering.
No, it happens in pretty much all elections
No offense, but how are we any more responsible for WW2 than the Germans
But that doesn't mean, humans are shitty / terrible
The longest Rodelbahn :D
Yeah it's definitely the closest thing to a memetical Crystal place in Austria
Are your coalition parties capable of working together
Wow
The first is responsible for civil and criminal cases, the second one decides wether a law, act or sentence is in accordance with the constitution and human rights and the last of them is responsible for all trials regarding the city, county, state or federal administration, this also includes traffic fines or construction projects
If you go out to eat traditional food you have to be prepared to spend a lot of money
Is it
Maybe out of laziness to use the German language, which can be cumbersome at times
The FPÖ is always strong there.
guys wtf is happening, it has almost 40° in austria
Whenever there is a public agency it might get complicated
But your president is something completely different from our chancellor.
The red-white- red combo is very very old, dating back to the 12th
Sodium (Na) is "Natrium". Potassium (K) is "Kalium".
I was planning on splitting my monthly savings into these 3 general categories:
I'm quite happy with Austrian beers, but do also enjoy a night out in pubs that sell English beers.
Yes it's part of our Constitution.
That cut makes it look quite more confrontatal than he really was
locally and to me personally, I'd say it has slightly historical and dialectal connotations, old people might use it more often than younger ones, and less educated ones more often than highly educated ones
More like „No, but we are kinda united with most of Europe including Germany in some way
Sehr stolz grad
Cheers mate !
Leading the board with little over 20% is the real tragedy
What is the point is that guns aren't "personal freedom" for everyone, but kind of a sport to which you have to be trained
) and with the introduction about the "Flexible Worktime" a lot members of the ÖAAB resigned due to Kurz
Man hat halt nach den Nazis gesagt "Lasst uns das Kriegsbeil begraben und das ganze Thema noch dazu, arbeiten wir zusammen und reden nie wieder über diese Zeit
I don't care about hurt feelings over sovereignty or whatever, if your country has a track record of being corrupt as uck it should have a permanent babysitter for every cent that comes from the EU
Maybe this has also something to do with the historical connection between Styria, Carinthia and Northern Slovenia
Also we have a system simmilar to what is already descriped here for Denmark and the Netherlands.
>The chancelor isn't directly voted
There's nothing wrong with that, it's just a difference in word order from what I pointed out as correct.
Adjusted for gains in GDP (and inflation) it's probably still higher than in the past for most places though.
You make it sound like that's a bad thing
The Last one was 1955 but under the juristication of the Allied forces
> In Flemish Dutch ‘poep’ means the butt and ‘poepen’ is the verb for having sex
Germany: Lilly Among Clouds
Guy murders a woman, goes to prison, becomes an very successful author in there, convinces people he changed, has a celebrity fan club that helps him to get out on parole, starts a serial murder spree on two continents WHILE reporting on those exact murders for the radio, getting caught again and finally hangs himself in prison
Although it should be added there's a range, it goes from the famed "shake everybody's hand once you arrive and don't forget anybody" to "oh we normally just wave in the general direction of people and hug our closest friends". I've noticed it is more common among younger people (<40) who grew up in Vienna and who might have picked up on Turkish customs in school (heavy conjecture); seems not to be as prevalent among younger people who moved to the capital for studying or work
But this is *defeatier* defeat
Upon googling, there are apparently lots of excemptions to it.
I honestly don't ckhknow :D
otherwise those are just rumours what people might have seen or heard and not knows facts
very old-fashioned
Well, while we did indeed make up quite the percentage of nazis in Nazi Germany, it was Nazi Germany and not Nazi Austria throwing the world into chaos
It's a big memorial, and a lot of it is still in shape, more or less as it used to be
I know it's a shame
" - Allegedly Thomas Bernhard
Most undocumented work is found by knowing someone who knows someone and stuff like that.
There was(I think it doesn't exist anymore) a product line for italian food that was called de spar
"Vacationing Military" my Ass
We have siren tests every Saturday at noon
There are entire chapters dedicated to it in history and geography class
Can't agree with the car brand.
I'm very happy with the outcome as well.
The stores were founded by two brothers: Theo (Nord) and Karl (South) Albrecht
Quintessential Vienna, it features a lot in the city's own musical genre Wiener Lied, but also in Alpine song
Now if you also strap a trailer onto them additionally they will be even slower
With Mayo and creme
One word: Oida
>Wait, you can open your main door from outside without a key
Its more about new viennese which is very piefkenesisch
Should we send Radetzky to pick em up?
Can you explain what you mean by "level of shorts"?
Linking *that* to Russian "propaganda" feels kinda weird to me...
I've read that you can't get any gasoline anymore at gas stations in some places and even in Paris.
Haha it's okay :)
This guy countrysides
Also being "Yugoslav" and being croatian, serbian, etc at the same time doesnt exclude one another as for example with Bavarians, Hannoveranians, etc all becoming "German"
Saint Sebastian, our dear unfailable leader
Übersichtlich can be used in so many ways too
And we have an donation rate of 24.3 per million.
You are overselling trains by a lot.
That doesn't sound too basic
Similar to doggie instead of dog or ringlet instead of ring
Well, it kinda makes sense
1) It's beautiful so please stay
I just wanted to say "How does your military help Lichtenstein during an invasion if Lichtenstein is actually invaded BY your military" :D
Switzerland, Austria and Czechia have gun culture and I don't think anything is wrong with that
55". it is permissible in tables and such, where you're not writing a full sentence and trying to get everything evenly placed, but personally even there I'd prefer to write it with a space (€ 1,55)
Yeah I think last year it snowed once in here in Vienna iirc
Lol, never even noticed that, but you are right
The President basically can pick any Citizen over 16 to be Chancellor
So one day his professor told him during a rehearsal: „Sie können ruhig lauter spielen“. (literal translation: „you can quietly play louder“. And he was sitting there wondering how to do that
But I do hope the information comes in handy some day
Same with Austria
You do that, by buying a share at a lower price than you sell it
Oh wow ... Thanks for the explanation
How should I know
But if not, good luck
really made him hated among a significant portion of the right half of Austria too
I guess it's too recent for the museum which is focused on farm buildings.
The only "win" I can see is that Denmark reunited with (the worst) parts of (Northern) Schleswig in 1920 after a war they didn't fight in
I've learnt that not all countries have personal identification cards which blows my mind
Not fancy or anything, but nothing cheers me up like a Leberkassemmerl
"The rest is Austria"
Korea and China certainly are places with a highly different culture
Parliament doesn't draft bills, that is the job of the Commission
"Schau ma moi, dann seng ma scho
Someone from 1919 I think would be pretty amazed about how our country not only survived but prospered
What kind of job are you looking for?
Donald Trump printed out made-up £300bn Nato invoice and handed it to Angela Merkel
And the Council needs to agree too
That explained a lot
There has been a public debate about this [since 1986]
Turns out we even was from my region
Dont forget the battle for Vienna
I have actually heard people from the other side say good things about the Austrian empire.
So unless I can get a train both ways for <50€ they are gonna have a hard time
Boy scouts are Pfadfinder
If not, the next in line would be History
This German here seems to have a stroke!
* [Lake Neusiedl]
I'm not sure what he did in the early years of the war, but in 1943 he participated in the Gran Sasso Raid, also called Operation Oak
Wennst vor jedem Stern einen doppelten Absatz machen würdest, hättst eine wunderschöne Liste
That's the main point, not the other way round
That channel also shows Jane the Virgin between 4 and 5 am
cc)
I love the thing with the nouns everyone mentions
Ist auf ein Wort, welches ein ü enthält keine der Regeln 1-3 anwendbar, so wird das Wort durch ein neues ersetzt
Not to speak of the proto FPÖ members going all scotfree
I have heard Finland and a few other countries are using that
Totally not, believe me
But as its slogan says "Vienna is different".
000 inhabitants
"Pregame" in English
Oachkatzl is dialect for Eichkätzchen/Eichhörnchen which means Squirrel
Hi, thank you for your contribution, but this submission has been removed because it lacks necessary context or fundamental information like what, when, where.
So how are we even talking about this
He killed Hitler, how can you be mad at him
You have to push both pins in at the same time for it to open
No, but the emphasis on *germans* is a pretty unnecessary descriptor if you are Austrian.(If..)
Know plenty of those, especially since tickets have become so expensive
"Europe is not a market - it is some emotional idea" - Reminds me of a moron
The video appears to be blocked, [here] is a sufficient recording.
Merkel has let in unfettered immigrants into Europe **spurring terrorism, crime, rape across France, Germany, and Sweden.**
It will always go to WTO rules first.
Boiled in salt water and served with grated cheese, chopped chives, and melted butter
And with this also their income form the online website
PS: Idk if that was only for my school and my town or for the whole country in my childhood
But all the tax money that facebook brings into Europe
A lot were illegal Nazis before 1938 (the NSDAP was illegal under the clerical-fascist Dollfuß/Schuschnigg-regime 1934-38), after the Anschluss those were the most fanatic Nazis, and they were considered the most loyal ones
At least they got some etiquette
And it looks like Van der Bellen was better at this.
In Germany they call it "Bismarckhering" I think
Without the regulator markets would tend towards a monopoly.
Even then don't do it because the rescuers have to search for you
They basically made their own Fremdschämen
For example, if something bad happens I might say Scheiße bit more often than not I find myself saying fuck.
Easier question would be what the similarities are.
I really envy our neighbors for their democracy
Source: I love making pasta
Like most **Central Europeans**, **Austrians** often dress very blandly and cheap and not particularly stylish in general (exceptions exist of course)
I think there's more coming
Especially when they like John Paul II had serious problems like for example ignoring the child sexual abuse going on within the church
I don't post a scientific link history on reddit, I have other work to do as well ... but before judging 1) Watch the video it's well researched 2) Google up sources about the problem beginning with remarks of sex worker societies world wide, but let me help for a start:  The main reason I got aware of this problem was the blog of the Austrian Sex Worker Society:
Munich Oktoberfest:  be carful of servers who "self tip", aka not give your change back/give you too little back
NATO militaries use the 5,56x45mm cartridge which is a "intermediate cartridge".
That's quite different to German
Yeah I would agree, even though I have also met people in smaller villages that would disagree saying that there is always sexual tension between men and women, making true friendship impossible (which is obvious bullshit)
I guess you also have a kind of similar language situation with the USA as Austria and Germany
What burglar would be insane enough to just randomly walk into apartments
They are not effected by the law at all
Wie heißt es im Lied *Was ist des Deutschen Vaterland* - *soweit die deutsche Zunge reicht*.
Those are perishables, so probably those are rebated and it's cheaper than wholesale, and some shop owner went at it
With current mainstream materials it is not possible, with current experimental materials it already might be:
Actually I quite know what you mean, it's just that from my experience it's mostly uneducated folks
Not sure I'm buying the "tourism" argument.
Yes, public health Care is a good idea
Playing the devils advocate here, see it from their perspective.
However, the way they brought it up is NOT okay
You're only hearing what you want to hear
Well they didn't even want ireland in the first place
But that is pure compassion, so that they are least somehow funny
Like it matters at this point
still I play along (because you should never be rude to the people preparing your food), but secretly I despise him for that
When I press shift and ÄÖÜ the expected thing happens, capital letters
Don't expect logic from the FPÖ.
good news is that accessorizing  is ok for guys and is kinda fun (nice scarf,  bag, etc)
afaik that used to be the case, but they stopped, and the tunnel should be the replacement
Saying "Sinn machen" or "das macht Sinn" is totally normal in Austria, I think germans use "Sinn ergeben" more than us
A few more noteworthy would in our folklore would be
The Republic of Extra Long Austroslovakia
Thanks a lot, I'd never heard Mischung before
Oh yeah that's a Schnitzelsemmel, that's fine
And the lives and wellbeeing of the normal people where not important
Well, I am all for discontinuing 1 and 2 cent coins if at the same time pricing stopps that would need 1 or two cent coins
The non plus ultra for etymology semantic history of words in English is the Oxford English Dictionary, but you need to to either pay for it, or a VPN from certain Austrian unis (Uni Wien for example)
apart from that it's mostly gmail and gmx, hotmail, yahoo though, I'll concede that
We, as Turkey, call on Europe to respect human rights and democracy,"
At school level it's quite rare
section control, vehicle impounding for repeat offenders, problem solved
000
For each Austrian commenting there should be like 10 Germans and 8 French people
I really hope we learned from our past mistakes
Or in a ticket shop in advance, where they take everything
Most people I know call it handy without a second thought
It's a thing in Austria too
Oh and sorry to hear about your last name
..Or they'll just try harder to hide it this time around..
And when the visionary behind the peoject has ties to the newest iteration of white nationalism it leaves a bitter taste in my mouth whenever you play
the Anschluss
It really do be like that
Unfortunately he barely talked about his experiences, I guess way too much trauma
And im kinda disappointed if Viennese People use it, its not very creative
In any other case (non-business calls) it would be a regular greeting ("Hallo", "Griasdi", "Servas"....etc)
I don't think it would affect my country.
very common, they're just your second(and third, etc) first name and can legally be used as such
A display of one of the 7 sins that cause you to go to hell, not some shitposts.
We don't use the word 'Führer' when we talk about people in charge...not since the, errm...
Partially correct
Gin tonic with a slice of cucumber, crackin summer drink
In practice, the position is just for representation and a advisor/mediator for the day to day government
55) would be incorrect, because you also wouldn't write "Dollar1
In all seriousness: drive carefully (i.e. always being able to brake to a standstill within your field of vision/ half your field of vision on a narrow road), and keep an eye on the road for dead animals or rocks
How is that complicated
In my school, we have lockers in the hall for your shoes, jackets, valuables and stuff like that
A bit too much tourists but a beautiful city for sure
I mean the Balkans seriously seem like a free for all
They even introduced a weaponsban in the old town area
And Germans gatekeep the German Wiki pretty well, so sometimes a more generic Google search yields better results
Policemen of the Weimar Republic swore an oath to uphold its values and constitution
What's "wrong" in your opinion is that he is for due process and not this crazy "whatever the media say" thing
Right now I have 4 crushes
Any wedding drama
It is in almost every aspect a good idea
It's "Kebap mit allem" and not "Kebap mit alles"!
They stole some stuff and then had a snack with some food from the fridge
A fluffy yeasty dough filled with "[Powidlmarmelade] plum jam
Went a few times to praque, but hell yes: cheap beer and the nicest strip bars i‘ve been
Austrians understand each other if they try to speak hochdeutsch
Well, for Austria it's probably the support for the nazi regime
Hopefully he can finally make their brexit dream a reality and we can move on from them having such a big impact on the EU to a lesser impact
there is always some giveaway and natives can spot dialects and place other Austrians in a certain region within a couple of words
I think mother language for native language, because Muttersprache (native language) in German literally translated is Mother language, and if you don‘t know an English word you can just translate the German one literally and sometimes it‘s correct
Unless the work requires it - plenty of inns, especially in rural areas will try to keep that look
but with a difference of only 30k votes the FPÖ had a very strong argument that even limited manipulation could have swung the result
Pölten
000 - 250
Since the first of November
I personally fly the flag on 8th and 9th May
Made worse by the fact that they still take Japan's money...
I guess it's easy to buy in, the amateur class seem to be very stock compact cars and RWD cars
It's not used in everyday life like it seems to be in the US
Still not anywhere close to American levels
It wasn't and the whole narrative came about in the 20s when all new nations had to justify their own existence
Viennese don't know "dem land tirol die treue" (loyality to the state of tyrol, or something like that, it's hard to translate)
Is he the guy who flies planes
So he chose Germany's iconic federal parliament building, captured by the Red Army in 1945.
Well the German Wikipedia is the 2nd biggest (if you exclude the Swedish and Cebuano one, which are mostly bot generated) after the English one
Source: named a child a couple of years ago
I assume you are talking about undergrads/not employed
But when people like Orban stylize him to be the devil incarnate, that definitely has some anti-semitic undertones
I'm already incredibly annoyed at the telemarketers that are actual humans calling me
If you speak only German there are a few more like Wasserstoff/Hydrogen (H), Kohlenstoff/Carbon (C), Stickstoff/Nitrogen (N) and Sauerstoff/Oxygen (O) for example
Most of vienna thinks austria has 415km² and has about 2 million inhabitants so a viennese will most likely answer everything outside of vienna
And now comes the biggest bullshit, there are special words in standard german for 100, 1000, 10000,... that also are just 100, 1000, 10000,... with an e at the end of the word, these words have the meaning, significantly more then 100, 1000, 10000,... , and the dialekt versions also have this meaning, therefor you have numbers that are build like the words that reference an exact number of things but don't reference an exact number
It's not just numbers that matter.
At least here, the table has a special ashtray with a [Stammtisch sign] Dunno what they're going to do now that smoking is banned
[That's my 3 year old kitty Zelda!]
So if you want to visit cities primarily, the train is your best option.
Worse, they put bread in their coffee
Nobody was ever born in Braunau
I make around 1900-2000€ and I'm studying on the side, so that's technically without a degree
I'm convinced the reason kurz is so hated by so many people is because he has still not made it legal to execute everyone being caught consuming, distributing or producing schnitzel with sauce without trial
You are correct
Woos waß i.
I learned cursive in first grade primary, then switched school and the new class learned printed-like in first grade and cursive in second
It works better than before, but it would be nice if the reservation system would have sort of a checkbox system, if you are travelling with a kid etc
1 EUR = a litre of discount milk
H.C. was vice chancellor up until a couple months ago, when it was found out that he tried to "sell" the country to a "niece" of a russian oligarch
Because the Ukrainians creeped into the city over night directly violating the Minsk Protocol (offensive operations are forbidden) and the other side responded with massive shellings.
Bella gerant alii, tu felix Austria nube
Van der Bellen is clearly the better choice
The brenner films in generally, really
It's hard to answer that question because we share our biomes often with neighbouring countries and many alpine animals seem also like the Tatra
It to the bang-bang boogie, say up jump the boogie
We would be truly in the dark without you
absentee baallots sent to austria are down.
Relocating the Environmental Office to Klosterneuburg was one of the most obvious "lets do some stupid shit that makes our promise technically true" that I have ever seen
Beethoven
Sounds like every right-wing party in the EU is in bed with Russia
Legal drinking age for non-distilled beverages being 16 as well
Greece especially was in a bad position
Index funds and bonds are still the most sensible investments (or: Please stop encouraging 18-year-olds to do high-risk investments!)
And never will be if we just keep lowering our standards of what a No Go area is "Well yeah you might get raped or murdered but no one is physically stopping you going there."
Generally a language will look more logical to a native speaker.
>liberal Munich
I corrected my comment
Because, if you excuse my generalization, Brits have been so fucking mad and pouring hate towards anything related to Europe, that it's no even funny anymore, it's just sad.
That is the only thing I remember from French at school lol
Yes that's correct, sorry if I wasn't clear about that; it's an alternative version, a fan project if you will
if you are better to judge those things or have more information than the police, you might should tell them (the austrian police asked to not upload videos here to help them [
Hofer didnt want to leave the EU after he saw how the Austrian people reacted to the Brexit vote.
Same in Austria, we say buffet (büfe).
24/7 reception, kinda like restaurant
The Austro-Hungarian Empire
I would just say "Auf Wiederschauen". Tschüss is ok when coming from a German though, then it is not considered rude
Yet another instance where technical progress is stopped by slow, anachronistic people.
Quiet, Swiss backyard boy
Fitting
That's almost all shirts from run-of-the-mill stores like H&M. Most have something to do with sports, California, surfing, or boats
Pretty much all we have is Märzen
that's too well informed for those normally stupid google suggestions.
>Vienna
Doesn't mean people don't celebrate it, but it's not such a big deal here: normally there's no engagement rings, there's not such a big divide between genders where the guy has to "prove" his love by buying something expensive, girls don't assume that this day has to be the best day of their life, bridesmaids and groomsmen are just your friends coming over and celebrating with you but their clothes don't have to match, and even though stag nights are a thing, that's kind of a lower social class thing here
Fun history fact:
This is just the land, nothing else
If he were to be allowed to vote, in my opinion, he also should have to join the Army
In German Wikipedia you need 200 approved changes, before you can publish changes immediately
Obermayr | FPÖ | 444 | abstained
>after inventing whiskey, we took a break for 300 years before inventing anything else
All of them won the Nobel Peace Price
The perfidious Albion exploited this by forcing a free trade agreement that included cloth on Portugal
Who considers Metternich as a national hero in Austria (other than Kickl maybe)
"In English, people are much more polite than they are here, so always use *please* and *thank you* when asking for something
At least I‘ve never seen/heard of anybody painting our building without just full on renovating them
ofc I‘m joking, thought the /s would be obsolete, you failed me once again reddit
There's been plenty of leave voters who's stated goal was to take down the EU, I don't know how many exactly but they're numerous, and now that some of them are actively participating to reduce my standard of living, the only logical conclusion is that they're my enemies.
Hungary, the Baltic countries, Belgium, Luxembourg and Austria are all above Italy and France
(We bought a mobile unit last year)
Already famous author Grillparzer said in the 19th century "I am Austrian not a German". Historically speaking you had 2 train of thoughts: The German nationalists which considered themselves German and wanted to join the German Reich and Austrian-Germans which saw themselves distinct from the Germans and saw themselves as one of the many ethnicity in the Austrian-Hungarian Empire
Alot of vets that where stationed in germany and sometimes brought a wife back with them
I found the link in the article you posted in [your comment] haha :D
I thought that the nights when it never gets dark look more like sundown, but this is light as freaking day
For the past seven years I have been living in Austria and man, I have super mixed feelings about this country
[Here's what it looked like (it's the one where it say Brits and Americans]
that makes every alternative more viable, no matter how you look at it.
At least I‘ve never seen/heard of anybody painting our building without just full on renovating them
I thought it was a very old EU flag before eastern Europe joined.
&#x200B;
EXTREMLY terrible
Yes, he mentioned this several times
It's not the greatest but a whole lot less work ;)
If anything it seems very shortsighted.
Oh I'm sure about that, you guys smoke a ton of weed to come down from all of the Crystal you use over there :p
Czech Cities like Prag (Praha), Brünn (Brno), Znaim (Znojmo) or Budweis (České Budějovice) are still called by their German names today for the most part.
Replacing Viennese with Carinthians would NOT be an Improvement
If they fail then maybe give them free ticket for public transport
And even in that case it's still better to put the panels on te roof.
Mozart was born in Salzburg today Austria, back than
I bought one after not being able to board a international bus and having forgot my passport
Except for their core voters, who will vote for them regardless, they took an image hit
Since words that start with 'th' are old English words these words are usually (always
ETA: In 1800, it was already 270
It clearly portrais the members of the European Union after the 1995 enlargement.
You could try the Marathon marathon (running from Marathon to Athens and then collapsing + dying there)?
At most some industries will get exceptions but i have my doubts even there
Poor Gauß wasn't mentioned again.
In the German version he speaks Bavarian
How much does it earn you per year compared to its value?
Happened to me in Spanish
;-)
I mean...it's not so far fetched.
But I guess we can't see our ancestor's as purely evil either
We have our own accent we ain’t Tryin being German ...
That's harsh though, it's not so bad.
For example you might say:
You were taking austerity as a metaphor to stop the bleeding, i.e. stop the indebtedness and the lowering of creditworthiness, at least that's what I got from it which is why I pointed to the fact that it's useless if you don't even get the opportunity to rebuild the economy in the first place
Stand up comedy, that is
I mean sure English pronunciation is quite difficult but Polish..
But that barely ever happens does it
I'm voting **any** party which wants to leave the EU from now on
Also, summer holidays seemed to contain a whole lifetime
I remember when I was a kid, I had to know the dog-free areas of my city to get around and not get bitten
The latin Auster for Southern land and terra australis for „Southern land“ Australia is a coincidence
//////Also Styria is the federal state that has the most festivals about Austrian culture
It also makes political debate ever more difficult if the supporters of one side accuse the other, that they are just sheep following their leader, disregarding the opposing sides interests
Greece is also good
Still, I don't think I ever used Plusquamperfekt after finishing secondary school.
I won't disagree you about gösser.
French – Vienne
Thanks alot
I can only offer anecdotes and don't know your "threat model" (some people feel violated if you even take a picture of a building that they are part of, because their religion forbids it, others would be OK with kissing and light petting at a party as long as their partner is not in the same room...), so you might have a very different definition of "safe" than I do (I am more concerned with people snoring, puking or waking me up in the night than rape, murder or thieves).
We met while she was working in America (she had a 2 year work visa) and we agreed that after those two year that we would live in Austria for 2 years then decide from there where we would live permanently
Your single anecdote doesn't disprove the comment to which you're replying.
In the summer its the most refreshing drink you can get
I thought it's more of exception there
So technically you could already work by 18
"the object" and "to object"
Depends on the number of people
However, I usually don't eat breakfast, so it's mostly just dinner (I usually just a "Jause" instead of a full-blown meal) and Fridays, Saturdays and Sundays
Hot: 26 to 39
I'm just starting to invest and I'm planning to buy my first ETF which is supposed to be the core of my portfolio.
We were the first country to strongly reject biotechnology for crops
Between 5th and 8th grade I went to school which was built next to a public indoor swimming pool and we went swimming every two weeks.
All pushed by a scientific comittee and the emperors personal will
Trăiască România ️
Please stop pretending being pro-EU and being pro-EU-federalization are the same thing lmao
For me it was „Sweat (A La La La La Long)” by Inner Circle
Lol that's sad
Trust me, our pityful potato Kroketten don't even barely play in the same league as Spanish croquetas
Frohe Weihnachten
Language is also another thing I miss
I’m currently studying in the next big city and it’s astonishing how much more open minded people are here
Except we austrians took in a lot of refugees.
If you burn all those "french" flags, the cheese might melt nicely
There might be differences depending on in which sector (= under which collective agreement) you are working
Going further south to Klagenfurt, 135km more, is at least 2:54h more
our ethnicity didn't change over night, but it changed dramatically over the last 1000 years.
That will change soon however, from November on it will be banned here too
Eg working an hour extra per week will make much more of a difference than your investment choices.
What they probably meant is lingonberry jam, which is a common and delicious side dish for Schnitzel
* Dietrich Mateschitz (Founder of Red Bull, richest Austrian)
Hey, I stayed shortly in Waterford last time I was in Ireland
Temperature is a quality standard as well
He's followed by the Austrians Marcel Hirscher (67 wins) and Hermann Maier (54 wins)
I think geopolitically, a time with one strong hegemon is more peaceful than one where a lot of countries are racing each other to come out on top (in military strength, economically, culturally).
Well, third time's a charm, right?
They don't care about conciliatory gestures like that, they want to have their own views vindicated, whether true or not
native German; didn't understand one thing
Begging should always be the last option, but to outlaw it just forces them into criminality
how do you he is Scottish
And then there is Austria with their red representing the heathens they slaughtered in the name of god
I watch american and british movies/shows for drama & action & sci-fi ...
Norway is always winning nordic skiing
Maybe we austrians are just too focused on the rivalry with germany
Ouch
I ve heard that they have many problems that won't be solved anytime soon tho and that they lose vs any fighter once they get spotted.
well after Brexit they changed their opinion from "maybe" to "yes of course we will" and finally to "only when Turkey joins" within a week...
This "socialist utopia" you are talking about is such an american concept
I mean it's totally fine during the rest of the year but when it's winter that looks just stupid, like these people don't know how to properly dress themselves
Not much to do there besides drinking wine, being a Nazi or swimming in some muddy lake
We don't have the fork in the worse hand to make life more difficult, but because we already have the knive in the good hand.
So how are we even talking about this
However I don't think I ever heard of similar dishes elsewhere, especially not that they would be held in nearly such high regard
Then I turned on my brain and figured it out
Like, religious, traditional and conservative or is there more to it
Because they're pretty much unavoidable.
Looks awesome on black cars especially
this is brilliant
(and I'm not sure if it's available in English)
Paris, you good
I really like the "official" ones, like police, military and some government cars, that have the [coat of arms]
A map of it with the most of them labeled
Of course it's rubbish and a similar joke could probably be made with lots of other countries and foods.
1 killed, 4 maybe arrested and 1 on the run
^ that describes it pretty well
Not even once I was able to experience this traditional finish culture
oh boy
Swiss Army knife
Sorry, not my fault that it tastes like garbage ¯\\\_(ツ)_/¯
You see how that worked out in the US
Damn you‘re ugly
Whoever wrote the sign either thought they were funny, or just didn't know better
It might not be worth striving for youth but idk I feel like people mostly strive for beauty and agelessness isn't gonna solve that
One thing I recently learned (late night wikipedia reading) is that the americans built huge TV antennas in vienna so that soviet controlled areas around Vienna could get western news
For people from northern Germany Dutch sounds more familiar than swiss German.
Edit: [here's] a picture of a deck
Prüfung = Priafung
but it doesn't really apply to other cities or larger towns and definitely not to everything outside Vienna as a whole
In my family my mother cooked most of the time, but my dad made the Schnitzel
Both of them are only around to the current extent because they have been *the* socially acceptable drugs for many decades.
It was to prove that they were better than Napoleon, with their mechanised Infantry and everything
Don't forget that Brexit happened in between, which gave some rise to pro-EU sentiments.
All land is owned by *somebody* here, but in return we get to enter the uninhabited parts that are used for agriculture/forestry, as long as we don't damage anything
it might be nice and interesting to be an expat there for a while, but from what I've seen so far, I doubt that I would want to permanently move
France is only very influential in foreign matters
The company I work at switched from 40h/5 days to a 36h/4 day policy in March
Edit: Tough crowd
Article 1
I can see a lot of them, depending on where I go in the city
There are tons of war heroes from the Empire times which aren't really worshipped anymore, e.g. Radetzky and Tegethoff
[Flunky Ball]
Well, as per the criteria laid out by OP, Vatican is cheating
No, wtf
Dutch: I actually know Dutch, but only at like A1 level so I didn't understand all of it
So I think this has a big influence
I am not talking about languages but regions
No problems whatsoever to be expected.
Just compare European media to media in the US when it comes to election.
Why are there ninjas cutting onions?
Its funny
You're right, we should just let him study art already
Exactly, I bet every country with a so-called [Primate City] has this.
Every corner is a blind corner, sometimes there are tractor and bikes too
It's a nice and cozy country with chill people
I visited Romania twice so far, and I was positively overwhelmed each time
You are missing out on small caps all over the world.
Can you link some
However, we are talking about nobility - whose whole right of existence is based on their ancestry
Stromae - you probably all know him
Wait, where you are everyone uses the Bundesdeutsche Wörterbuch?
In Austria it also redirects to google.at
I can see potential for comic relief there
Google said for a long time that the conditions are too strict
At that time German speaking people in the Austro-Hungarian empire were called Germans
> not a translation
It's just that there are tons of countries I'm much more interested in
Then they move on to the next bar
And some random year dates
(only a slot for the coin nothing to close) - downside for them is, sometimes coins pops out when taking the chain back in  - or are a little stuck and are harde to get out - so my keychainthing helps me with these a lot
Thanks for the clarification
Modern day criminals like Fritzl or Priklopil are fare more present in peoples minds instead
5 or 40 hours nowadays - especially in the better paid fields
Now they became "illegal weapons" over night and suddenly you have to register every single one of them
Gladly he made it home pretty much unhurt and lived a great life until 1989
I also blame the half of Americans who couldn't be bothered to vote.
Heeresgeschichtliches Museum
And unlike in the 50s-80s, nobody says so anymore
USD is a bad comparison for wealth.
I get 32mbps
Who puts potatoes in a Döner
Europeans don't associate the yelling fire thing with your SC decision at all.
I certainly do
Hochdeutsch ü,
All before I turned 18
damn nice
In Swedish, they are called "arg lapp" ('angry note')
“ — and I tried to correct her and she continued to call it that and god fucking dammit it really annoyed me (I know I sound rude but come on
yeah, but it doesn't feels like so, the bad things in the musical happened after the Anschluss
The one were drunk people try to pull each other over a table and beat each other other while wearing a Krampus costume, or the regular thing where drunk people only beat each other up in Krampus costumes
I roam the streets on street view and I read into history and places
Why leave out so many countries
Plus the 10 years of occupation by the Allied Forces after WWII ending in 1955
The greeting once you reach the summit is "Berg Heil" ("Moutain Hail"), which signifies that you have achieved your goal and now can eat your bread and cheese and chocolate, and maybe have a sip of Schnaps, while enjoying the view and the silence
At the weekend they eat out
It also isn‘t considered abnormal to just run around in a Dirndl through Downtown
You don't pay VAT when you order from the US.
However we are still a year away from elections.
Oh yeah, we also pronounce it 'Fewer' (obviously not like the english word fewer though), but spell it with a B.
How does one achieve that exactly
This is my favourite building in all of Austria and I live like 4 mins away
He probably didn't, but half of Austria did in Celebration of the government collapsing
In german it's  "mit Wasser
I would say yes definitely
I will keep it in mind next time i visit
I guess you'll have to register a business if you want to earn money from this.
Would probably be confused and intrigued
I loved Graz
It's white outside
The annual ticket is a personalised plastic card like a credit card and shows up in the app
* The german name, Österreich, can be translated as Eastern Realm
And I love pierogi
All of them
People wonder why Poland is not taken for serious
You know calling an Austrian german is the worst insult you could ever come up with?
However we do want to allow us a nice wedding, as we have been living on a tight budget for the past few years and want some emotional compensation.
But that statement about the UK fascinates me
now I'm wondering if there are more Mustang cars or horses in Europe...
They stayed a couple of weeks and were really friendly and outgoing guys
But to be honest, I don't really care how many ignorant people are cheering about the corrupt, unsafe near children and senile guy (whose VP basically called him a rapist a while ago) who has just been called projected president elect
The standard of living was way better in the Middle ages, especially after the Black Death, when compared to the industrial revolution
- and then the same stuff again backwards
+ Austria
At least one police officer was confirmed dead, currenty 15 people in hospital, 7 of them severely injured
can also be used and have the same meaning
I don't mean to defend such a horrible act, and of course the perpetrators should be punished harshly but...
Fritz flies over the alps, first to Italy, then to an island where the people eat humans (which are portrayed by stereotypical black people) and then to Turkey to rescue all the already kidnapped children
But that's exactly what it does
Better we don't tell OP that most police cars and stations contain assault rifles too \^\^
Maybe it's a local thing
But as i hear from my former neighbours, several, sometimes violent crimes have been commited against people walking home from the subway station.
Territory: [South Tyrol]
Press F for all of our sad Schnitzel brothers
sounds all very reasonable tbh
that whole thing was just awesome and funny
You've just reminded me: I think my unit accidentally invaded Slovenia at some point
I had to pay for that
“ so he basically said what I said -> it’s an internal Spanish matter which does not affect anyone else and had to be solved there
Well honestly, what more do you want?
He was drafted age 17 in 1942
Do is wea aus eisnstodt aktiv
hinting at being Africa's Afghanistan.
Somehow someone needs to teach them more fitting political terminology
But in my opinion, American gun culture has become very toxic
Interesting to hear this from a swiss person, I feel like something like this would be an EU-project (like the free roaming that was introduced relatively recently)
I’m also quite fond of street cycling and when I’m on a long tour (say 200km) I always end up in Germany
155 people died, 12 survived
interesting, we were in the area around Drumcondra
mixing sports with military propaganda
The door won't open without a key, but its not really locked
Its totally fine, we once had more snow almost 20 years ago, and i loved digging tunnels as a kid
Still pretty cool and interesting to see.
On 28th December in Carinthia (Austria) kids go around the village and strike older people with rods while saying a magic spell that rhymes and should keep the old people healthy
A huge precentage of it came back into the UK as science-, agriculture- and infrastructure funding
Or find spme other solution but i am pretty shure that currently your nation just can't work
The only parents where from the birthday child
Apfelsaft gspritzt eg would be Apfelschorle (Only Weinschorle is called Mischung (I have heard people call Johannisbeerschorle - does that exist
Munich, Tartu, Malmo, Stockholm, Turku
Which one it really is, is impossible to say
&#x200B;
I kau oiweil iwaroi sei und i kau dia mit iwa 700 vaschiedene Sachn s'Liachtl ausknipsn und des owa neta mit meine Händ.
If i remember correctly, Graz had one of the higher numbers in Daesh militants.
it is not comparable to the others...
Yeah I know the CIA has/had their fingers in many many places around the world I was just surprised that they did it in Austria too
The story goes that centuries ago, Germans from Transylvania crossed the mountains south to Oltenia to sell their handcraft and buy quality wine
Even my granny has Whatsapp, there isn't really a reason to use SMS anymore.
And be sure to ask to speak German if you ever want to train with native speakers
Stephen's cathedral in Vienna was on fire as well
How often is 'sometimes' exactly, in rough estimation?
afaik it was also the first nationwide.
legit concerts don't have their staff wear costumes
Too bad it was closed last year :(
Just moved to Austria and found these windows very clever
The "region" that existed was a march of the HRE (under Bavarian overlordship), so it seems it was a separate entity but didn't necessarily have a name related to Austria
As a native German speaker I perfectly understood the last sentence
Honestly I also would love to visit North Korea
Let's not forget the magic that is Lordi
By name, I know (all) 50 states
The happiest day in my life will probably be when Scotland rejoins the eu <3
In Austria you get a double salary twice a year
Not so good
Has Italy ever received a Guiness World Records entry for that?
Just wanted to start typing out a response, but your comment sums it up perfectly.
The provinces for Vienna
A hearty, but slightly fruity one.
And before you ask, yes, it's an *actual* Neapolitan Pizzeria
I've still got a GMX account from back when I was a kid
I can, although I'm from a region with a bavarian-based dialect
Funny to see this pop up here, I've been to Kerteminde efterskole (not as a student)
Ein paar österreichische Bücher, die längst nicht mehr in Erinnerung sind
I would (in my Austrian German ofc, Idk if it‘s the same in Standard German) say „Ich habe gemacht, dass er das gemacht hat“ which is basically translated „I made, that he made something“
I had no idea there is no West Germany anymore
Most are indifferent, I feel
In Austria  it's "Ministry of defense" (Bundesministerium für Landesverteidigung)
I generally translate or not based first on how weird or off the standard would sound, and then how understandable the word is
_ (Just jokes we love our italian neighbors <3)
Run away from your country because it's an absolute shithole.
" and "Prayer works".
longer ago) and there the Hobbits use colloquial speech, like calling Frodo "Chef".
Is that right
It's launched an itch I can't quite scratch ever since
Inflation has reduced the value of the ruble.
Where in Austria do people call it Mischung instead of Spritzer
Slovakia in Slovak: "slovensko republika"...
took me a few years of struggling with "cloth-s" before I realized natives just say fuck orthography, and call it "cloze" instead
Which is cool af
I myself was such a short term tourist twice, had lots of fun but would not have booked a flight there over other cities if I couldn't have a smoke.
However as soon as you get into a city and you greet a stranger they look at you as if you just said “go fuck yourself”.
Why is Austria suddenly Germany
I've never heard of it either.
Now they've got a second wave ahead without even having beaten the first one
Nope, never
Needless to say we were a little on edge about what awaited us on the other end
" My apologies for not explaining this very well, but I'm a person who very much values sincerity and straightforwardness and I find myself feeling fundamentally suspicious of people who effect faux positivity
Here, there are pretty strict regulations concerning height and overall look as well
Of course, in principle the same problem exists in English Wikipedia, but at least I have the impression it's much more clear there
Really
Your merkur is a building material market, i don’t know why
It comes in quite handy in everyday conversations
Like that's just a bullshit explanation
There can be no debate that, no matter the reason, the Austro-Hungarian declaration of war against Serbia is what sparked WW1
Fun fact: Iranian is Indo-European language and i think India(or north part of it) is also
It's the classic Austrian solution: It's not a problem if no one talks about it.
Which is a Krapfen
Other than that, not really
Summer
Counties people joke about: Vienna, Burgenland, Carinthia
Germany - Piefkinesien
Some words did
It gains a little bit more publicity as a zero waste alternative nowadays
And I really liked it when he said that soon we will be married anyway and share everything
Yeah we were guilty, but you can’t seriously blame Austria for Hitler being an Austrian
Well I sometimes even think in english and then can't remember simple words in my own Language
We also learn British English (not AE) and most of Austrian classes travel to the UK at least once.
net or gmx
My personal choice would be the [Radetzkymarsch] since it's basically like a national anthem in Austria.
&#x200B;
Will be "fun" once Brexit is through
r/evilbuildings
mostly because we would sell them to Hungary and Slovenia respectively
**EDIT:** Alright, I added the comma, hot damn
Schwabs in particular are known for not being flashy
Banning Muslims is not a solution, it will simply harbor more resentment between them and non-muslims.
I thought (until now) that only in Germany they limitless
You are just not allowed to go outside
Owaennsla is des zweitschlimste ois wosd mi bezeichna kunsd glei noch weana
Because they save us from the big, bad, immigrants
For category B, the test is easier than getting a driving license
Styria too
Currently I don't travel by train because it's so expensive
just listen to schwarzenegger german interview in the 80s
might not sound like it but damn I miss Japan
Too many mountains for real "high speed", but in general I take the train if I have to do work during the travelling or want to be more comfortable.
It's not like astronauts will take off their helmets and take a deep breath on either.
They don't. They eat Petteri instead
Granted, we don't have that many family meals - but that's mainly because husband and I both work from home, so we're together a lot anyway
Like they use cuttery the first time
Must have been a coincidence
Good
And yes, I am very well aware of how unfair this is, and that both of us live on the upper side of things
dishes containing poppy seeds
Personally i never lived anwyhere, or seen an apartment, withouth a washing machine
Is there any information on the extent of the fire in the interior
Non-answer: Hard to say, because within these two countries there are plenty differences too
They sell almost everything portion wise, e.g. Shampoo, coffee, coffee creamer, sugar, etc
Don't bring up [white numbers/letters on a black background] It's still a sore point for us Austrians filled with nostalgia and not wanting to let go
Thanks, I read about it but forgot that the student was from Turkey.
Depending on where you live, it's very very easy
My parents didn't like video games, so we always played at my friend's place
But yeah, your dialect is pretty similar to ours, so I understand why Austrian won‘t change it, you‘ll probably understand us nonetheless (I think
Only UK and US went full retard
That doesn't mean it's true
In some countries of the former austro-hungary it is better known as "march of executioners" or "march of death".
I even get a newsticker from my favourite newspaper over whatsapp a few times every day
That's just his French name
I'd wish he was pushing for local elections instead, to end this conflict.
That would be so weird in Austria
Whose fault is it you ask
I recently watched a documentary on ARTE, and they showed how teachers in Spain do simple exercises in robotics using Arduino boards with  grade-schoolers while here people think it helps kids to buy an IPhone and how to buy the apps on some app-store in contrast to learn real computer skills ...
He always said that he was only following the masses but that was a flat out lie
> (it loses the genitiv declination like many dialects do too)
Well, Prussia's successor state is quite beatable, though.
Of course, that's a matter of funds.
You forgot the forest cities of Austria
That the "Wiener schnitzel" is from germany and not from austria
I would probably die when I want to visit my parents
All Finnish students also learn Swedish
Because they're singing in Austrian dialect, nobody, except Austrians and maybe Bavarians, would've understood anything
Psicofonías
In 5th grade those who choose French HAVE to have Latin and those who chose Latin can choose between French and Italian.
Tom Turbo has more episodes
ik zie het als een absolute overwinning
Kinda like in India
and then you have also go through the Balkans, haven't you seen "A Serbian Film"?
> or use a proper dictionary like leo
Yeah right we‘re one lovely giant chicken drumstick, I don‘t get the Schnitzel-sayers
I'm not sure if there's a statute against being creeped out.
I can think of at least 2 James Bond movies in Austria, I am pretty sure there are many more
The narratives that austrians pretend to not be germans is also very insulting
Bad Schnitzel sounds like a Kurort
Natürlich
we had proper sex ed in school of course, but back then (90ies on the countryside) it was kinda lame
Cutest old town I've ever been to
But they also believe that Austria somehow is a fake state and in reality it's still the first republic or the empire, but I don't really know much about that
Romanians live there ?
It's just ridiculous that you would pretend that that one deportation is the only reason for withdrawing from the council of Europe.
how can be building nuclear infrastructure less economical compared to dumping billions into wind and solar farms that didn't really help anything but increase electricity prices?
Vienna is definitely disliked by non-Vienna
Well I usually just respond with: You elected him, we didn't even allow him to study art
It's technically not illegal to eat Wiener Schnitzel with sauce
SCHUKO everything
Taking the first numbers that come up in Google - Germany has a gdp of 3
I started learning at 11 as well
You have no aunt or friend or neighbour who cooks like
] It oddly looks like half of the first stage, just a bit reversed
It’s war, then
Do you live in 1942
Is the article for "Tür" wrong on purpose
And i think it is wrong to think that this is a very good thing with little downsides...
Sure, but this wasn't a reason why we need to keep them anyways
The real danger is not the veil — it poses no threat — but the bigotry of those who’ve made it a symbol of their own fear and hate.
In Austrian German I would just say, that I paid "an Zehner" for it.
｡◕ ‿ ◕｡
>ohnehin schon
As an austrian, I don't put them in the fridge
[Iceland Is Growing New Forests for the First Time in 1,000 Years | Short Film Showcase]
This is where all my friends stay when they travel to Budapest.
that's entirely true
i'm just glad we don't have that..
I thought too but it was in Google's Vienna sightseeing list so I put it in anyway
I had this discussion very recently with colleagues in the university cantine
Also the largest roundabouts
HC Strache
tv (Hypixel-Like), play
She calls my bigger brother "sarı dana" (yellow bull) because his hair colour is blonde
Now we'll see if we'll have a blue(right wingers)/turqoise or green/turquoise government
I only now by reading your post realized, that the artists don't have to be from one's country
for a day but not in average for the week (which suggest that people who would have gotten a heart attack anyways just got it a few days earlier)
Boring, everything artificial and you felt caged
It's pretty normal for the height of summer
Pues di algo gracioso, cuenta un chiste.
Heard it plenty of times in carinthia
Well it can be really limiting in certain situations
[George W. Bush thanked then Australian prime minister John Howard for visiting the Austrian troops in Iraq
A Döner Kebab (or just Kebab for short in German)
This might have been like this in the 80s and 90s but nowadays we learn it in school as extensively as you do in Germany
They are really expensive and the horses barely have rights or good working conditions
It just comes from "Osterrichi", initially just meaning "place in the east (of the Empire)" iirc
Depends
The City of Palma, Soller, Matala, St
Maybe if you give out fines according to income as they do in Finland would work
Those at the top are just the products of their environment, culture and upbringing.
Be proud of what you did, not where you are from
Austrian redditors act similarly whenever Schnitzel is brought up, and god beware if there's any sauce near that Schnitzel
What a shame that they couldn't maintain their language.
Idiocy knows no borders, also there is a difference between sharing values and exercising them
> Why would we take this chance away by deleting and banning people with certain views
But most companies have work weeks with 37
Not the oldest national flag in use by any sovereign state (that would be of course Denmark, going back to at least 1370), but the oldest flag for the region that was the core of today's Austria (i.e. Lower and Upper Austria)
Criminals fleeing across state borders; police not having jurisdiction across community borders; sheriffs protecting "their" town
Yep
Privacy is a lost good around the world
Foreigners generally do not have a right to cross a border.
Here in Austria, we have quite a noteworthy Romanian community (around 80000)
Because neither Austria nor Germany existed at this time
yeah, of course, but those are two vastly different cases
2nd) I don't consider myself extreme in any kind of way
I'd mention Kickl's horses though
Schuko ftw
Took me some time to get over it as well, but i managed :^)
Just adopt the non-rhotic r trick, you know, the way they speak in stereotypical english accents.
In upper Austrian dialect "Pfrundsblodschn" means both kite and dragon
Aufschneider (2010 tv film)
Theres also "laufen" which means "running" in Austria and "walking" in Germany
"Griasdi" or "Griaseich" is normal when hiking
numbers and proximity to humans
that's good news, but to play devil's advocate..
While many of the sample sizes were small, and some studies lacked a control group, researchers ...
Carinthia and Slovenia has also still some issues with the "Abwehrkampf", it's also more on the cold side today, but with Haiders shennenigans and the problems with the bilingual place signs Shows the issues are not buried yet
Do you know a good documentary about that?
many unironic
If that wears off, try "Got stuck on an escalator" instead
I feel like Romania is generally viewed as a more impoverished country and often associated with gypsies and cheap labor (lots of workers come here)
That's just his French name
Living in a highly touristy area, I'm 100% not going to tell the internet about the places and especially mountains that are not absolutely overrun
It is but we should normalize talking about it openly
Karl-Marx-Hof in Vienna is the longest (1
For beginners it is very frustrating sometimes, because your changes are often rejected for formal reasons
It's very gray area and it has to do with both used DM as defacto currency because of different reasons.
If I should ever move to an english-speaking country I would try to speak and write their version of the language, but as long as I am not why should I try to limit myself
Allright, different countries, different systems, I guess.
A city built with no cars in mind would be a 3rd world village with no need for logistics, ambulances, garbage collection and fast transport to other places
(Standard German word would be 'Festlichkeit')
Tbh, and don't tell anyone I told you, but the cotoletta milanese is the original Schnitzel anyway
Well the nationalistic part of the argument is definitely nothing but "muh Empire" and "Make Britain Great Again", each as asinine as the other.
Two other factors:
Thanks for the input, fellow schnitzel
I'd love to visit Sibiu one day
([second video] faster but worse picture quality)
these are surprisingly wrong
For category B, the test is easier than getting a driving license
What do you want to achieve with your comments?
Diamonds actually have no Real value...
The government was paying rent since they returned the house to the family that willingly sold it to the Nazi party in 38 and for the last 5 years it stood empty.
Some idiots disagreed even more and threatened him
It's save, we have a good health care system and free but at the same time good education
The law here specifically says, that every unblemished adult citizen shall be issues a license for 2 guns for self defense, if they apply for one
(apparently also a word for pimp)
well, yeah, we are neutral since then
Yes
they will probably fight rottweilers next, because they think they are from rotterdam.
No because Iceland was my favorite country for a long time
I never saw pidgeon around here either tbh
How should the EU treat the UK and it’s dependencies after Brexit ?
Also in Vienna there is a fuckload to events
Don't have to go far to get a different experience honestly; even here (which I would argue is a place that in general is quite "smiliar culturally" to yours up North) things work differently
No problem with using the navy for helping people in need.
But a Tschusch can also be everyone else living in South Eastern Europe except of ex Yugoslavia, those people are called „Jugos“
Cancelled
That is an interesting point  especially about the man in the moon
* If I‘m correct (if not, correct me), we were the first european country to banish the death penalty
All the best to you guys in HR, stay strong
I once went hiking in the alps and one of my new colleagues was coming with me and some friends - he was from the Netherlands - so we start walking - an easy hike from 1500 to 2500 meters in 7 hours or so - he forgot something in the car and I told him that we will wait - he said no - we shall go ahead since he is running marathons - well - let's say that the thin mountain air even on just over 1500m was a bit more then he expected
It seems he then started fighting the assasin, which caused the truck to crush through two hutts and leave the christmas market, instead of driving further through it.
The standard German song that comes to mind is [Mark Forster - Übermorgen]
Mountaineering: if passively standing around, you character will move on top of the highest elevated point in sight that it hasn't visited yet and gain the "drunk" effect.
Its so malleable that it becomes meaningless
I'd suggest AUStritt for Austria leaving, because "Austritt" means "to leave" in german.
Same principle applies to other status defining sentences.
How on earth is german of all languages the only one to not have created a word for this so far
You can't buy apple juice and carbonated water in the netherlands
With all the posting of Georgia recently I get the feeling that the Georgian tourist advertisement agency is currently advertising on reddit
instead of praising the actions of our Mayor
I don't think windows update was a thing until XP
We have a saying that goes "3 Bier sind auch ein Schnitzel" ("3 beers make 1 Schnitzel")
I don't like that kind of talk.
I love the Italian love for kids
> Canederli
>Austria's first chart #1 in the US
extremely based germans, as usual
000 inhabitants
Those damn Belgians
Not having it doesn't inhibit function though
You don’t have to belong to a minority group to be able to study in such a school, so that a lot of Romanians attend them in order to make sure they learn another language in depth
but in my experience NA Anglos often try to be friendly by being open and jovial, and while that alone can sometimes be good or a bit much depending on person and situation, having it combined here with a situation where it would probably be better to act a bit
Also ich kenn keine größere Firma die ihre Mails über Gmail o.ä. verschickt
* Group A: Turkey, Italy, Wales, Switzerland
From Vienna for example I would say the limit for trains is about Belgium in one trip
Non sugary food
I don't know where you get this
No, because people get addicted.
It is NOT supposed to be breaded - everyone who pours sauce over a breaded schnitzel can go die in a hole
The chancellor doesn't really have power
About 15 years ago, my mother had her wallet stolen while in Madrid for work
Its nearer to the colloquially German name, so yea I do
And now you won’t even have the economic benefits
*sigh*
Just build artificial islands from sand/stone taken from the oceans - solves the rising sea levels and potentially other problems of overpopulated areas
> and are not members of that body
I dont know, most of the ingredients I dont even know
Laeioum
-Somebody broke into my parents' house when I still lived there
CS:GO standard vocabulary on EU servers
If you used an "American" word your teacher would usually point it out as an "americanism" and correct you.
" messages in newspaper forums
Aber ich mag auch keine Salzstangerln
It to the bang-bang boogie, say up jump the boogie
next to Essen and Darmstadt, off the top of my head I can think of:
Isn't that hard to do it yourself, it's basically rasped raw potatoes, milk, eggs and seasoning.
Hannover
interesting - is it some sort of rose-flavourd jam or something different
Slovenia is nice, but it's so similar to Austria in many aspects that it's kinda underwhelming as a destination
I mean Slovenia was part of the HRE after all
> Some will get offended and argue if you label US policies they support as "socialist".
Baths were pretty popular from Roman times all the way through the middle ages until a combination of wars, new illnesses imported through Europe's exploration e.g.
Sure, agricultural terms are sing r out because nearly no one does agriculture anymore, but even basic things such as simple directions are being replaced.
When I was 14 or 15, our English teacher introduced us to some English books I that I really loved, this got me into reading a lot
I would argue that - even though the ECJ has the ultimate authority to interpret the treaties - this is solely a political questions, not a legal one.
(I'm not giving any statement if this is true or not)
Also more or less decent IT scene.
Can dejligt be related to "delight/ful"? Fint in swedish for a german speaker is of course easier to "see".
and we see russian money today in the right-wing parties.
They had insanely cheap labour and a laissez fair approach when it came to product piracy and copy rights.
They just want to demoralize you into thinking it can't be won.
And then the era of Donald Trump followed and I guess I don't have to tell you that this generally didn't reflect well on the USA as a whole around here either
on 11th November, I'll add it to the post
But please please, once you have won this war, don´t force your trailer-habits onto the germans
Don't forget about "Fäustel" which somewhat derives from 'fist ' but it sounds close to its diminutive
MaiLab is undoubtedly one of my favorite channels a d is probably the channel people are missing out on most
I'm surprised to find reddit to be rather left wing oriented according to this topic
streber lol
Everything else died out in our dialects hundreds of years ago.
Sorry by the way that I just plainly said "people from France" I know its just a minority but stating that in the sentence above would have overdone it
Were in austria was this
What war are we talking about
So maybe in the distant future we'll see something like a twin or duo capital city
Are you from Skåne by any chance?
She calmed her down with "Es dauert nicht mehr lange
It’s also great for school trips
But I have to say that I dislike clubs/bars
There are 2 senators or deputies one in opposition and one from the ruling party and they are argue about what they did or did not do
wait til Tirol has its own referendum.
That's not a protest, that's Germany's moronic liberal party fishing for cheap applause
I'm not sure what you mean by "aligned", but I didn't say "Eastern European", I said "Eastern", which is completely factual.
I like that movie
The U.S. [Environmental Protection Agency] published the following [Acute Exposure Guideline Levels] (AEGL):[\[10\]] "
And this is why you don't send two rookies together on patrol, but pair each one up with an old established officer
And the Commission only introduces bills
But he gave the word the meaning it has today
Well Aldi is a German supermarket after all
Drinking beer while wearing Lederhosen I suppose
> that we have no cities
I bet [this guy] disagrees
Alternatively, Burgenland or Kärnten
Den neuen Gesundheitsminister als "shit" bezeichnet
Also Austria, and sounds funny in Austria/German: Kotzendorf (vomit village), Grünz bei Schweinern (oink at pigen), Hühnergeschrei (hen's screams), Einöd (barren/deserted place), there's a few more I can't think of right now
Falco is the best
Dialects differ from Bundesland to Bundesland, and from village to village
Very impressive and interesting
The only defense is to keep the people from trying it
-Ing
Saw it in the Ukraine quite a bit, probably as a sign of solidarity with the west I guess...
For dogs I'm inclined to say that Hasso and Bello are pretty common names.
What are you, an Anarchist
* 24% Our military best military
I don't swear in front of my parents.
Wow
yeah, came here to say, that they are called faschiertes laberl
Look at the approval rating of their congress.
It is not one that is divided by a border
I don't have a picture but [a video which describes the Austrian Armed Forces very well]
Here it's not commercials *for* gambling, since those would be illegal
US is not perfect but it is preferably option by far and overall good.
(because of the second verse which starts with:
but nobody can tell me you can‘t find any german speaking guys in LA
One of the worst things
i really don't get why everybody is so willing to give up complete privacy
I sat under them at school (while being in the tropics, mind you) and hated them
Much better access to special characters
Close to where I live there is/was an intersection where every year some people died
* [Cultural region Salzkammergut]
And no, I am not Viennese
Creates bottlenecks on the one hand but also is more pedestrian friendly as at least the town centers are compact, naturally designed to have walkable distances
Needs more Vodka
Usually the larger breeds, like German shepherds or similar.
Even fucking Italians come here and pick our mushrooms
- Tanzania
Not popular at all
Oh damn it, didn't see that
So 500k gets you a house but 400k only a one bedroom
Frisian is completely its own thing, derives from Old Frisian, and Low German derives from Old Saxon
How was the unemployment rate before Nokia went to shit
I guess I just got lucky or the amount was too small for him to bother.
Damn, universalmuseum joanneum is the biggest in Austria AND Central Europe
My little Brother loaded his Plate with it at a Buffet, ate 90% of it until we told him what it was :(
But after that most people change their handwriting to their liking and comfortability
I will never not watch the whole thing
Sometimes :P Not always
credit card companies will likely NOT reimburse anything if it was a Chip+PIN payment, even though these can be fraudulent too.
They could have made them French at least, that would have made more sense
At my grandma's it was always in the next room, though only five meters from the main table, really
london would be boring as shit
Does it start at a "you have to bribe that policeman or that small government official" level or is it more of a "the ones on the top will split things up among themselves".
I can't really understand any of the latter ones
Austria is the only country in the world, where alpine skiing is considered a national sport
Yugoslavia is often counted as part of the Eastern bloc and thus allocated to Eastern Europe (especially in the Anglo American context iirc)
Pretty sad that you don’t learn your own history apparently since Italian irrendentism claimed Corsica, Nice, Savoy, Istria, Dalmatia, Malta and so on
>I've never heard of that happening in Austria, if you are connected to water service
I never heard about this
My old school recently added some big things to what they teach like more advanced excel and even scratch (programmimg language developed to teach young people)
I never did it, even though I like classical music
Jassen
Got to love humanity, right
Really
Vietnam, Korea and Afghanistan strangely enough didn't trigger WW3.
I heard in the US there's a lot of dry counties
4.How much of Europe speaks English?
I said "if it were up to me" but it's not, so I guess you can keep it
The day I was born
It was never mentioned in school
It's the eastern most state and was part of Hungary until 1920/21
Surely nobody would call a Krapfen a Pfannkuchen, no
Next to Schwarzenegger is probably Christoph Waltz (not as iconic though)
There is Schuachblattln
Not more like the guy nobody notices at all?
On the spot, I can't really think of one where the country of Austria was depicted, but back in like 2016 or so when that Krampus Horror movie came out
Made me really think about our drinking culture
Just buy a cheap old sporty car and do most of the work on your own
Can confirm
it is
They think that they are the center of the universe.
Which worldmap
Especially the ones that think Canada is the 51st state anyway
WW 1 & WW2( Hitler was austrian)
Grew up in Linz
Second part means "at the Change" where the "Change" (Wechsel) is a mountain that is known for his quickly changing weather conditions
came here for this comment
Poppy seeds are used the exactly same way as in Czechia, unsurprisingly
even better: 50
Most historical events are glossed over, sadly, and WWII is spoken about for far too long (to the point where at least half of the students don't even care about the topic, because they feel that they are being lectured at for something that is out of their control)
Its always the damn nationalists ruining the day for everyone
I will admit I am not very informed about the situation
They have little in common with the FPÖ (the far right Austrian with all our Neonazis in it)
If a law says that you can't discriminate based on gender than you can't discriminate based on gender even on one day.
Seems like independently voting MPs are really not so bad after all
Then I know that Swarovski Kristallwelten and the Brotmuseum
Based on the saying "Wie die Nase eines Mannes, so ist auch sein Johannes".
[Kaprun disaster (2000)]
Edit: [here's] a picture of a deck
I hate it
The Western part was mostly part of the Frankish Empire.
>doesn't sound too good
me having had the opposite experience when going to the US, because I really couldn't get used to the habit of keeping on your shoes when entering people's homes.
You can get up to three days for death of family members/funerals, your partner giving birth, weddings, and moving house
Might also be important that teachers come to the classroom and not the other way around except for specialized classrooms for chemistry, biology, or crafts
The age of those ovens and tiles was around 2000 years
There is even a gun and a target on the city's [coat of arms] The HTBLA Ferlach is also a famous school for gun smithing
I can go on
Thanks for the explanation anyway
Basically your message is that you want free roaming even if it results shitty service for us, where as the overwhelming majority of people don't travel that much that they want to reduce their own service quality just so that the people that do travel can do it with their expense.
I've never seen that
You're making it sound like there aren't any alternatives to apple products (itunes was discontinued a while ago, btw)
Hahahahahahaha
industrial diamonds, i was speaking about the ones you have on bracelets and rings etc.
No matter what you vote for you get the Tories.
Well that escalated quickly
If you travel to the Salzkammergut you can't make anything wrong.
They look a bit like calamari, also the texture is similar
I think in Standard German it would be allweil but it's not really used there.
Nope, only for those living in the mountains (i.e. south-west)
An increasingly common narrative
But often I met many people who still have the WWII image of Germans although a ton has changed the last 70 years
When I try to get home fast at night, some women are still afraid and tend to speed up although it's in the 6th district which is kind of upper class
It's all just auto pilot and hope we don't crash.
lucky for them that the things that makes western culture so much better are the facts that we believe in human rights and not giving into the demands of terrorists.
Opa used to have his CC due to the location of some of his shops in bad areas and a few of our families taxi driver friends had them as well.
>So if you walk out of the house without your key, you’re automatically locked out
Not to mention that you don't have to pay for a driver.
What other European countries besides Italy and Austria have a strong coffee-culture?
It's supposed to become pretty hot soon, I like it
Best character design in any game, ever.
What I never was aware of is my wrong use of the "`" in English
-My bike was stolen in Vienna
Every little piece they find in some construction site hole, completes the puzzle a bit more
So when suddenly a huge bunch of young men willing to work come, this is actually quite nice.
Ja, i habs als kind für das heftgerät gehört und erst viel später hab ich von dem Primat erfahren
I can't tell you how well it works but the social net is pretty strong in Austria.
I have to say I think german memes are awful
But luckily they don‘t have to in Germany and Austria e. g.
The key to drugs is to regulate the usage
[Antifreeze Wine]
I think it's a great and very civilized sub, and the odd troll makes me laugh.
but as it has been done the last few years was just bad/wrong/rash...
Spanish is a cool language
Like saying whom instead of who, which is just like German "wem". So for me it's the most obvious thing in the world but Anglos tend to be quite impressed by it
I have several colleagues at work in germany who are muslim, or gay (cannot think about one that is muslim and gay, but not sure).
His legacy is not only his anticommunism,earning him the veneration of neocons for decades, but also the enabling and nurturing of a culture of denial and covering up of child diddling within the curch
this motherfucker winks at your girlfriend in the saloon
That is one good analogy
Rome was a republic, San Marino is thr oldest still existing republic etc
to not touch the handles, even without a pandemic raging I rather not touch the handles if I can avoid it
How about [this] Italian song made in Austria by a Georgian who you'd think is Russian
Morning just feels too early, like something between 6 an 9 am maybe
If someone here speaks german they can try to translate it if they want
you misspelt "the 80s"
However if I got asked whether the wine was local, my answer would very much vary depending on who asked
But after the Second World War, things changed radically
But as you said, I might be free to do so, doesn‘t mean I‘m going to change my opinion
Im not convinced
2 isn't "far more" than Luxembourg's 24
kthxbye Mr/Mrs "not aggressive or hurtful in any way"
so the long system, but without separate names for the "thousands of". interesting
Luckily for him he had his metallic box of tobacco right where he got shot so he stayed undamaged
So not remote at all
If you are in an area that isn't a typical tourist region you shouldn't even be german if you don't want that everyone makes fun of you
A federal state is not more important than a country
Since more than a year I have been trying to find places in Austria that match those of our western neighbor
I disagree but respect your position
I think there is a chance that van der Bellen can make it, as he unites all the people who do not like the FPÖ.
same in slovakia
There are "female only" hostels in Austria?!
Du kannst das Ganze was vor ca.
I have to point out that the germans say Giraffe with a g like in gear while the civilized people of Austria pronounce it like the Ch of Jacques Chirac.
That's kinda what standard spelling is there for
I always dreamed of a assassin's creed in Vienna around 1900
Can't think of an Austrian one so I nominate "Felidea" from Germany
Yeah, many joke about taking back Südtirol, a state in Italy that still to this day has a german speaking majority in almost all of it, despite attempts of "italianization" by Mussolini
It's backed by the fact that oil is traded in dollars.
* so an s if the question is s/z but the sound is s.
It is ok to betreten feuertrunken, himmlische, dein Heiligtum
Just took the night train from Vienna to Rome last Thursday
There is a great Italian film called [Gommorah] (2008) which I absolutely recommend.
Some do, but no one should
don't worry he has his own
oh, that's interesting, where did you have that experience?
I'm not so sure if there are vastly opposing or different views, the difference is more a geographic one.
medium budget: prob
i don't like the plaque :/ i prefer the old style where they just engraved it directly into the wall
when we get fleeting interest and a noncommittal relationship instead, we can't help but feel "betrayed". you on the other hand find us stand-offish at first and then often surprisingly not as grumpy as you expected us to be, because the relationship level "just strangers having a chat" warrants much higher display of friendliness than we are prepared to give, but that changes more than you would expect it to
Naturally He didn't declare it's legal to use it beforehand
Hofer is far-right, but not a Neo-nazi
well, it's community depending, my town have own, the city i lived before had the yellow bag
Originally it was expected that the result might be too close to have a result soon after 5, but the results are clear enough.
For the cited case of Linz, the difference is 2.700 from an original 7.900 crimes.
Barbara Streisand would be so happy here.
Maybe in a comedy or satire for added effect
Overall, I get the sense of longer written texts from the context - but if it's just a few words (like a street sign) and I don't understand of the words it's impossible
Au is also used as an addition to places e.g. Eckartau, Ramsau, Schwendau
Even better, in Austria, we have these things called ["Flexibox"] It's a moveable box that you can mount to your door and the postman can leave the package in there and lock it.
What do people expect
Phew glad that's you...thought my socks are already smelling.
It does not even matter if it's the same subject
That's just peak roasting
Might even bring them to court for continued verbal cruelty
Feels quite comfy too (if you're from eastern Austria)
pflücken = brockn
When is y a consonant in German, not counting English loan words
What I mean is that the mountains appear way too high
Same here, except we would never say "doof", we'd use Deppen/Trottel/[insert regional variant for the word idiot].
In my opinion one of the best neighbouring countries of Austria.
We only switched drivers when we saw the sign "Galleria non illuminata" and therefore noticed that were already in Italy
You sure you don't mean *Königgrätz*?
Immerhin wissens endlich wos a Mohnflessal is
The Niva, called Taiga here, is popular with hunters
But weren't they those that profited from the Carmation (?) revolution
I'd also say that while politics could be better, they could also be much worse when looking at other countries
Passt, du kriegst die mit, ich krieg die ohne :D
Schnitzel with any kind of sauce
At all
Then it'd be something like Möödra
Unless if you're from Vorarlberg, I'd be surprised if they don't understand you
" video guy, polite politicians, mahjong, a girl I met that came from there that had *never* been to a proper forest in her *life* before (we went hiking in Japan, climbed a mountain and she asked where the peak was, because she couldn't find the "this is the recommended spot for selfies" sign), cheap and good tailors, kopi tiam and nice noodle dishes, conflict with indonesia about air quality
I mean I KNOW you have great food, but whereever we went to, it was awful
This is correct
It's not a copy, it's a different version (and there are at least 4 very different Gulasch variants in Austria)
Ye as Le Pen supporter this is really sad to see.
I grew up/lived near NYC when I was in America
That's not really a dumb thing tough
Von aussen merkst davon natuerlich nichts weils alls @uni
I also have to note that I live on the countryside with my parents, so I may be biased
The weapons from the Paris attacks were **illegal**.
Idk I know back then my brother always had those big
there is one, but nobody gets it - why should I pay another 50€ for something that I'd literally never use
Merkel is a centre right politician, Van der Bellen on the other hand used to be part of the communist party when he was younger, then part of the SPÖ (Austrian equivalent of the SPD) and then he was (and still is) part of the Green party.
About 15 years ago, my mother had her wallet stolen while in Madrid for work
Braver bua
Northern Germany might just be more like the Netherlands
We've gone from right-wing coke-snorting, money bag hauling puppets of Russia to a temporary technocracy, to an entirely new government
Arguably, for Austria the difference between language and dialect is very important
Most people have one (or 2), but they are not used much
Napoleon lost 3, more or less, bigger battles
Austria
Who would've thought
IMO you don't need to worry about anything.
Many people do it daily as they live in Tyrol but live in Salzburg (or vice versa)
(Ok, the chance to fight them back was null so giving in was reasonable, but there should have been no enthusiasm about it)
Not even his old mates at FPÖ wish him well anymore
The only way I would begrudgingly maybe accept it, if we'll have a system like they have in the US.
A lack of safety mechanisms on the train and shitty escape routes resulted in the high death toll
>Before that Austria was just one of many German states and pretty much all Austrians considered themselves Germans
Again with exceptions like Greenland)
Across the room was a woman with a little girl who was desperatly looking for a seat
Does not change the fact that basic infrastructure is not gonna break down from something like this
Thankfully there are quite some more aspects of his eight-year presidency he's worth being remembered for
Personal theory I think the Germans (or perhaps berliners) are a lot more price-conscious so having high quality options probably doesn't yield much more money,
What the fuck kind of weird social circle do you both have, lol
I work in a hotel near the place you stayed and there are far worse roads but people keep complaining about how iMpOsSiBle it is to get here lol
The interior of the north tower is now on fire, [pictures from France 24]
There must have been a chinese movie or TV show where somebody eats spare ribs in Vienna
The personell at the hotel even speaks the same language as in Austria ;)
their sentiment seems to go from you're disgusting and shouldn't be allowed to do that, over you should die if you do that, to something that feels like a percieved duty to call out everyone who is doing something they don't approve of, no matter how unrelated they are to that person.
You think they magically disappear?
You might be right - I think the Hungarian one is more intense than what you can get here, eventhough the most famous brandname is "Kotányi", so it implies it's Hungarian
The area isn't anything special, the "capital" doesn't really look good and the rest of the island are just potatofields
Only in the last decades that got somewhat lost
Early American English sounding a lot more like British English and then it started to change because of the large distance between them and stuff
I would love to be in Switzerland and explore the region and the neighboring countries
Loss di schmeckn, du geiles Fickschnitzel
Googled
Our brains are shaped by our first language
You're already the second Swede I have seen on Reddit to complain about this
He has two stoves, an old iron one that works with fire, and a new electric one
>The president of the United States has the authority to do what the president has the authority to do, which is very powerful
They complained about the lack of main dish and how Kaiserschmarrn alone would not make them full
People who take the Austrian citizenship have to end their former one.
Typical Austrian overregulation and bureaucracy
Yes, Weihnachtsbock
Das althochdeutsche *austar- bedeutet soviel wie „östlich“ oder „im Osten“, und die altisländische Edda nennt den mythischen Zwerg des Ostens Austri
", ist da ein (nicht ganz richtiges) Argument, das ich schon sehr oft gehört habe
I'm assuming this means something nice, so have an upvote and a great 2017!
we are unique
I am all for the EU getting control over all borders.
With Palatschinken at least I thought it's the other way round - sounds more slavic than german to me
Not every single city has to entertain and amaze you as a visitor
As an agnostic I have no right to judge what is real Islam and what isn't.
For people who are interested, here's the shortened, [actual hymn version] with English lyrics if you turn on annotations
I don't even live in the mountains but around 280m and the whole of May was rainy and June had about 4 days of sunshine so far, at this point I would kill for 2 weeks of 40 degrees
So you have catholic, calvinist, lutheran as well as jewish, sunni, alavit gettimg their own teachers
Still, "Landflucht" is a very big Problem for smaller villages
Dont know about renting places, but i think as long as you stick to central/southern europe, you should be able to get by pretty good with only english.
I love it so much when I hear someone speak with a real scottish accent
>We kinda do, yet also don't. Here you are allowed to use a gun to defend yourself, but I don't think it's allowed to carry guns
Limiting access to art schools
Red Bull modified the original Thai recipe to be much more palatable to westerners, hence being much more known as Austrian product.
But before
There are details here and there, that need to be fixed, absolutely
I mean, I personally don't really watch TV, but I think in Austrian media and by Austrian NGOs these ads have been replaced with less stereotype-y ones in the last five years at least
yeah, it's a lie, you could get plenty of both in Amsterdam
Sadly true, Vienna's mayor just confirmed it on national TV
, like the ones who eat "Jägerschnitzel". ;-)
I sympathize with the French people to whom this must be devastating, but I personally feel no greater connection to it
Love the impression of the german baddies from pitch perfect 2
true
The, compared to the Drachme, strong Euro was (a huge) part of the problem.
The best thing was when they compared EU exports *to* the UK and EU imports *from* the UK using absolute figures - completely forgetting that the EU is 27 countries and the UK one
I start to crave it so hard after a few weeks, sadly never managed to bring it with me
I couldn't imagine how bad robocalls would be
Oh and it's easier to rip tourists off with those things haha
The point is tha Balkan carries cultural weight
By that logic, Berlin is two cities, and Vienna, and many other
They were right though, your English is pretty good :P
Its a blatant scapegoat play by Erdogan who wishes for nothing more than Kurds, ideally the PKK personally, retaliating on turkish soil
the girls making butter
Graz is a student city
So that's what they meant when they said unleash the power of the sun
I'd probably be based in Thailand and travel as much as I can to surrounding countries.
Kick out Ditib already you bloody fools.
It's like watching someone setting their house ever so slightly on fire
But that's also due to Austria joining the EU only a few years before I finished school so most teachers were completly clueless about it
Avio	FI
But I do not want to miss *that* because of recent events.
This was the [ballot paper of our first round of the presidental election this year]
For me it was George Orwell and Shakespeare (Animal Farm,  Romeo and Julie, Macbeth)
From where do they cross your border
For the most part, the Syrians seem pretty nice and normal guys.
안녕하세요 저는 방탄소년단 황금 막내 전 정국입니다
I'm not fond of the after effects but the taste is good
Inwiefern man das auf Österreich schieben kann, würde ich gerne erfahren
- Somalia
I promise I'm gonna read more aboit Slovenia and Slovakia
My sub of Skam literally only said to google it rather than trying to explain
Der ist nur dabei wenn wir den Deutschen ein Wort geben, dass sie dann nachsprechen sollen
Not even once I was able to experience this traditional finish culture
And the native speaker
Why
Mine too, even in Austria
You won't find many Viennese people there anymore
For short distance flights nobody flies Lufthansa.
>The lower wages, compared to some of the neighbouring countries, for educated people and the omnipresent jealousy/disdain for educated people with higher wages
Did I miss one election
It's not poor men food, it's typical for Northern Europeans.
Almost all of Europe uses dots and/or spaces for thousands and commas for decimals
Northern Tirol, smaller town:
We have a word if you feel shame for somebody else - it's called "Fremdschämen"
000 inhabitants and Austria is third with 21
How can a fighter cost much more than what it was advirtised?
You know
So far i have only heard of french, swedes, polish, austrians, turks and germans freezing to death in russia
The more accurate literal translation would be Eastern Realm
All of this lead to the reintegration in WW2
But you can find them all over Europe
(I m talking about general situation, nothing related to article).
It is close enough for a day trip, and the best thing is, you dont have to deal with grumpy Viennese :D
3rd world war
Everyone like it here :) And one of the less cities where the multi cultural together is so fruitful!
They couldn't help me much in English even when they wanted to.
But we have a rather small but special one for technical fields for mountain industries „Montan University“ in Leoben
Yeah exactly
That's exactly the crux of the issue
Wild camping is not allowed in Austria - what is allowed, but supposed to only be used if you have an emergancy/didn't make your hike in time is wild biwaking.
Probably because migrant has a voluntary connotation.
That would seem very low
both systems have their advantages and disadvantages
No I don't.
All the midwives and the doctor are appalled at the thought of legal abortions even though they know the impact all these pregnancies have on women
Du glabst du kummst jetz davon nochdemst dei pappn so deppat aufgrissn host?
That's not per se bad, you just have to force them to
Tür = Tia
I remember much of sex ed and drug ed was focused on the danger of it and you should always were an condom and never share a needle
my lawn mower has a Briggs & Stratton engine, would buy again
I graduated in 2014 and I am pretty sure my school discontinued the offer by now
Friends who moved to Switzerland make about double for a similar job
"Schummelzettel", which literally means cheat sheet
They are really popular in Austria too - Zwetschkenknödel
Humans as a apecies are weird
Helping someone always comes at your expanse in some way or another.
AirBnB was meant as "couchsurfing with money", not "hey let's rent a hotel room in this residential apartment block". read [this comment]
But maybe it has changed a bit since, I only go there to see my parents
Beggars are more common sitting the stations though
You find some "handwriting" for yourself
There was never an option for russia to give up it's black sea fleet port and we knew this right from the beginning of maidan.
wanted to have our country badly after WW2
[The H&M on Graben is the fanciest H&M you'll ever see
However the Austrian state makes them choose between the two countries
hopefully not as many dead people as then, but its an exponential escalation and i fear many people will die after it
I didn't really get the joke in the scene with Heidi Klum (watched it in English), but maybe this is due to the fact that it is produced for an American audience
Daily, in my part of Vienna (21st district)
MITTAGSRUHE, VERDAMMT NOCHMAL
We partly have German television and it's kinda interesting to see the differences and what's basically a copy of the German version
Have had multiple americans make those "invitations". Usually along with saying they'll contact you about it but never actually do
why should a woman or man not be allowed to have more than one partner
I'm assuming you mean at school
/r/AustriaPics might like this, too.
I'd say learning about our many attrocities is much more important than individual battles but alright
Have a beer, view over the whole region, great place
:( You're Hungarian - meet me at the Isonzo, brotha
Not letting that guy get into art school, twice
Graz is a lovely looking city with an intact and cozy old-town
Fucking fierce and no more confusion with kangarooland
>I mean Austria is probably one of the most irrelevant neighbours for Germany after all
And since nobody else mentioned it, lets not forget the Order of Malta, as the only territory-less "country" that is still officially recognized by others
And i think either arab or maori, also just because i like the languages
Not common, but also not too uncommon
Everyones just raving about switzerland
[There is also a video about it, and the person who made it can currently be seen in a campaign against covid, produced by the city
Des gschissene Schwäbisch konn si jo ka Mensch auhurchen ohne an uandlichen Auszucka zum kriegen
When was the first time you visited Chechoslovakia
More often than not, they ruin a perfectly fine song for me
They invited people from other regions to talk about theirs, they told us about our religions history etc
I get 32mbps
Well all prices except beer which is about half what it costs here
I'm very curious about stuff like this because people don't just leave their home without a good reason usually
You have a huge gap in your history knowledge as it seems
I bought one after not being able to board a international bus and having forgot my passport
150-200 ping here in Upperaustria
Probably more expensive
Another example of german humour
One with the Northern Fleet, one with the Pacific Fleet and a third in reserve/repair/refit.
*sigh*
During the era inbetween losing Skane and losing Norway Denmark waged so many wars that failed that the state was on the constant verge of bankruptcy
On a regular morning the entire bridge all of a sudden collapsed due to a structural failure
Do denkst noamol driaba noch, Oaschgfriss.
In big cities (also in the eastern part) you will also find schools that teach in “international” languages like English, French or Spanish, but locally you’d also find other minority language schools for Serbians, Bulgarians, Ukrainians or even Slovaks
Delicious english food
>I'd argue that there is a massive difference
I come from an established, high middle-class Viennese family
80er Stroh, literally useable to kill of insects, tastes like death and misery and only used if you absolutely don't want to remember the last 7 years of your life
Btw
They finance 2 company football, a volleyball and some other employee sports team, as well as vouchers for a tennis court iirc, they offer on campus massages and shiatsu for like 10€/30mins
I mean just this statement alone, even without context:
Just imagine a perchtenlauf in the USA
During the summer months its literally heaven on earth.
> secular republic
The tradition is still very strong, however mostly in the valleys
There is also a ton of people who don't fully agree with any party
The last time you could consider (besides the Anschluss of course) Austria a German nation was in the German Confederation which disbanded with the Declaration of the German Empire
For a multi-ethnic, absolutist monarchy, it was pretty tolerant and peaceful, and towards the later years there was increasing equality among the peoples
Have no fear, *"When the President does it, that means it's legal"* is coming soon.
Regarding vandalism, I know from another class that ended up damaging some teacher's car (don't know what their original plan was) and then tried collecting money to help pay for the damage
The CAD eroded and GDP/capita is an important factor.
That doesn't sound too basic
Japanese: オーストリア＝ハンガリー帝国 (Ōsutoria-Hangarii teikoku)
The one I am in the 14th needs to be paid by the first of December and the 13th at the beginning of the longest holiday an employee wants to take.
* Hinterwäldler (people living behind the woods)
"\[...\]  to secure the deal recently promised by Trump and Ursula von der Leyen, the European Commission president
It's a concert for charity
adding salt here
Is the fact that you have to follow EU rules without having a say in it not a big deal for you
But they don't.
To be fair, Vienna is probably the most interesting vacation spot in the country
Art 49 TEU stating that it isn't possible for many reasons is derogated by the later and even more specific (since we are dealing with a single country instead of a broad concept) new multilateral accession treaty.
That sounds bizarre
Enter the lottery for seats next year before february - cheapest tickets start for 20€.
Haha those were awesome, I think I remember one where that lever actually shifted the window over in the frame instead of disengaging a bolt
Yeah, but you're from *Russia*.
Putin's is probably in Russian
Because the EU parliament is democratically elected
Not that far from Hallstadt or Salzburg as well, which features the same excess of Asians.
cons: not sure many people will speak English out there
In jeans and a cardigan
Most people don't really see the complexities of the system.
But Sarajevo is weird as hell
Or  50 - 60 m² flat depending on the quality of the flat
"Ei vud laik tu wisch wuscha ä mevy kwistmäs"
I noticed not many languages have that
I think it also matters at what height you are
Yes of course
And the live-ticker the newspaper Der Standard: [
Having already enjoyed economic significance due to its position along the Danube, that intensified in 1221 when the city was given city privileges and [staple right] along with tax exemptions, making it an important commercial hub
> after English and Greek haha
The word evolved further in Romanian, so now you also have it as an adjective = cool, șmecherie=trick/guile/cool thing, a șmecheri - to fool someone, etc
All police are armed with handguns in Austria so it's very common to see them
Except bavarians
Things like the introduction of a new crop rotation system or the invention of new milling technology or the developments of city and town structures were way more important in the development of a region than the guy that extracted the taxes from them
I think "Österreichts" is great, but it will never become the established name because only Germans will understand it.
Hillary didn't have the health or the energy to do such a thing.
I guess you mean the death of Ögedei Khan in 1241
Icelandic is super cool IMO
The number of times I have tried to pop outside real quick only to realise that I have no idea where the keys are and that I would have no way of getting out if there was a fire is scary
Its a well known fact that the Balkans begins at the Ringstraße xD
i can‘t bear this heat anymoreee
In Austria you learn it in school if you want or not
Thats what they get for picking the most left government possible.
I love the sound of Italian, Portuguese (pure music), cheerful Russian, and angry French
And I thought I was the only crazy person doing this
Is the name Gradec still in use in Slovenia
Most of them are really catchy tunes
That really depends on the area of studies though
(Have seen this several times from backpackers in Italy)  Also, go to the South of Spain if you want to go to the med
So, from what country are you from?
Also: get some Touchscreen gloves
Italian is pure music for me, there's always such rhythm and flow to it
Everything that has cheese is delicious!
[You are not alone]
You see, the Blochziehen is a village affair
It's our current political world and we gotta live with it
Or I tried to avoid with anything I have to pronounce thorough out loud because I didn‘t even know how to start
I think the best selling one (AT) is Gösser.
Doch
Woa dude, how is my nationality in any way related to my comments ?
I know all of them if someone talks about them, but can recite maybe 25 from memory, maybe 40 if I really think about it for a while
The french call then "pomme de terre" which means apple from the earth
Lol
Just not in most of Europe
And of course [Pferdeleberkässemmel]
Not really how it works
Well, still better than Nazi train simulator
That's pretty clearly an imitation of Werner Herzog.
If you like traveling by train you shouldn't miss the "Semmering Bahn" connection between Graz and Vienna.
Honestly, I coudn't care less about citizenships in general
I think Austria is pretty 50/50 on this, maybe with a slight preference towards cats bc everybody I know had at least one cat (or no pet at all)
Especially because the car wasn't that special, just some regular Golf that you can easily rent for little money
That was a very interesting read, thank you so much for going into all this detail
They can cause life lasting side effects
Dedicated kitchen scissors
Reminds me of our old paper driving licenses
I like that one too
My native language is Boarisch though, just like everyone's in Austria.
even from their english accent you can tell them apart most of the time
It won't be all exclusively on pay-TV anyway
Honestly they just didn't even try
If you’re not average and neurotypical, Austria‘s education system was not made for you
The majority of the population of europe lives that way.
I think it shows that people are trying to maybe get more involved in political process since they can grasp that real change (represented by the FPÖ) can happen
Inhalte überwinden
Sundown today is at 16:03 google tells me
I'd be there in a jiffy, but I heard there are a bazillion mosquitos flying around during summer.
But movies have told us that the only places 1 needs to visit are Amsterdam and Prague so we can do drugs and fuck hookers!
I mean, we didn't use standard german either, I just used it here for convenience/ease of understanding
Freunderlwirtschaft
&#x200B;
* Some guy with a Machete and in Lederhosen went to the Hofburg (where our presidents office is) and said he wanted to talk to our president
You forgot 1918, the dissolution of the monarchy and foundation of the 1st republic
You know, I thought it was bad for Austria to get knocked out by Iceland at the euros, but then england came along :^)
Like Carinthians have the Styrian jokes for example
they sitting on the rocky Islands, AFAIK they are often depicted with Eagle wings and claws
"and it has these four, down there, you know
It's bad publicity since they are now mainstream.
or "Heimatliebe ansatt Marokkaner-diebe" - "Love for your country insted of maroccan thiefs"
Yeah, it has its problem districts, but which city hasn't that
I’m not sure how ‘brave’ Michael actually was, as only two days later after his glorious unification, the Ottomans were already marching again through Bucharest
I didn’t have many colleagues in the US that had 4 weeks of holidays
At every bigger festival they put this up cause it saves men a lot of time and women too cause we dont habe to go on dixi toilets
Thats just how it is when you become an icon, voluntary or not
Because there were significantly more people (illegally) demonstrating against the covid-lockdown in a 2mio city (Vienna, or basically every major city in Europe) than there were demonstrating for Navalny in a 12 mio city
i had a room mate from stranagalwilly once
I can even her Teal'c saying "Indeed" somewhere around the corner
I personally consider the last option you speak about most realistic
lmao, I knew there would be an Austrian saying something like that..
Yo, flag-thief, we don't know who you are referring to
it is called weed for a reason.
Zumindest macht sie immer recht deutlich, was genaue Fakten sind, und was zum jetzigem Zeitpunkt eher Hinweise oder Vermutungen sind.
Idk without the ads it kinda looks bleak and empty
Of it's history your interested in then Graz is great as well.
So how is the government that pushed for "Leave will be great!"
Eine satte Ernte war das, letztes Jahr...
I think the more interesting graph to look at is [the EUR-CZK exchange rate]
Tho you have to buy your own medicine
you phrased it like a fact
Wow, the EU destroying creativity and progress again /s
There is an argument to be made that Apple is not even guilty right now because what they did was at the time considered legal.
>The chancelor isn't directly voted
We have issues we can't solve with easy solutions and some people latch onto figures who offer scapegoats.
I dont know what to think about Figl
On the contrary
Croatia, if you can live with peeple beaches
South tyrol
You also have one of the best culture
So the Numbers on there aren't realistic either.
Skiing in the Alps is breathtaking
Talking about the Austro-Fascist dictatorship under Dollfuß and Schuschnigg that preceded the Nazi-regime, is definitely more touchy
Tbh, the bit about treasury bonds is even more valid now than when that post was written
I think it is important to always expect other people to not see you and especially don't count on them stopping for you even if you are in the right
Yeah, this is the worst, that whole /r/WholesomeMemes sub in general is super shit
Thanks for sharing this gem of a video
Coincidentally, the first movie about Sisi (or her death, rather) was made in 1919, directed by her niece
Another reason to finally travel to Portugal for me :D
He didn't switch to German even though he was aware I was Austrian, so we just kept talking in Spanish for >10 minutes
So klaus is a commen name but Werner is to much?
(Yes i know that you call vienna wieden but wieden is just one district)
But I have no idea why it is this way
He also said that in 46 before the empire crumbled to dust.
Than asylum seekers will get less money, less favorable treatment and so on.
Their standard of living has gone up considerably.
I mean it'd be hella weird, but we gotta at least try, right?
I buy stuff on Amazon from German companies that are not VAT registered in austria for instance and I doubt that they are below the threshold.
So i started talking with them in english (i don't like high german because i swap to dialekt within one sentence, so it is easier for me to use english in such situation, nowadays i am better at speaking high german over an extended period of time but back then it was almost impossible for me) while they kept talking dutch and it worked really well
800 EUR ( Austrians get 14 payments a year with a tax discount on the 13th/14th wage)
- Eating [national food] wrong
Really
>> so punching someone doing a Hitler salute is not any different than punching a robber
Unless of course you don't want to keep your meal inside you.
Needs a bit of Stefan Raab with his weird laugh sprinkled on top
It looks like it was built 30 years ago lmao
Heast, des schreibt ma "Laberl". Ein B.
I guess it's because you need a permission from the youth service after a psychological counseling.
That would be a bit different indeed
knackwurst is a type of sausage and kackwurst is shit
I hope our countries will soon be ready to celebrate europe day
I think in Germany you also put „..deutscher Nationen“ (..of German Nations) after it but I’ve honestly never heard somebody call it that around here
Probably also the fact that the last veterans and other survivors of the war are dying
Going out, hanging out at home, going to work; the same outfit is fine for all those things
Pretty sure the Tories are more ÖVP.
Most people do 100 km/h (legal limit is 70) on very narrow country roads bordered by bocages
This won't end until we stop letting them in and deport every single asshole that shows even the slightest sympathy for attacks like this
Just watching an Austrian documentation about what was going in just in Austria, in that was insanly much and many things Not covered in History lessons
Opening the lock in case i forget my keys inside is probably roughly as expensive as anything someone would actually steal from my apartment, and roughly 200 times more likely
Schürze = Schiazn
FPÖ guys were afraid the brexit might hurt their campaign and we even hat a "no öxit" campaign which was complete bullshit to begin with.
So if wanted to go to a KFC it would be shorter for me to go into another country cause I live closer to the KFC in Munich than to every other KFC in Austria
Hi, thank you for your contribution, but this submission has been removed because it is low quality.
If I don't know the number or if I don't say "du" to this person then with my last name.
here the use of the currency symbol is standardized in an ÖNORM, it is to be treated as a replacement of the word, so it goes behind the number and with spaces: 1,55 €
It's almost a meme at this point
Nothing
But, thank you for providing a different perspective on many things, I really appreciate it
If the reason is that there is still nothing better when then it's a matter of not enough competition.
>might influence the election result in September
For ancient history we tend to use Greek/Latin names for rulers that are now more commonly called by their names in their own languages
However it isn't quite clear how strong it is.
They can of course regain Austrian citicenship - by at the same time ending whatever other citizenship they had in the meantime.
ethnicities in the empire, but none of that was "Austrian", most people who identify as Austrians nowadays, would have been Germans before WW1
As you describe it people don't think these things through
You can also roast them with or without eggs
But that's how you properly learn cursive
When I was a kid (1980s), Halloween didn't exist here at all.
The only heating in his house is his tradtional old school open fire place
That's the results I got, when I googled for origins of the listed words above
It kinda makes sense that he has an accent in Polish, bc it's not supposed to be his native language
They are just terrible
It is celebrated by feminists and loathed by sex workers with many studies showing that it's effectiveness is questionable, and violent assault against sex workers raising by a factor of then in France ...
My wallet was stolen from my handbag once in a crowded train station about 10 years ago
they have kind of archived their goal already .
Partially correct
Seems terribly inconvenient, not to have that
Greek comes imho afterwards
They never make any substatial arguments and seem to have no knowledge of the local situation or the subject of the discussion.
It's currently not used for cats for obvious reasons.
Pity you don’t do then:) Maybe we should also add it’s also a Family Background thing: I grew up with a mom who was food-concerned and cooked meals for us everyday and the big family gatherings, like at Christmas, were and are joyfully full of great homecooked treats
I'm currently looking for roommates (via online platforms and groups) and I try to find out basic information about them if they don't write much about themselves in their advertisement
The reason is simply that the UK isn't part of the Ariane program.
We eat mustard [as a sauce to dunk the sausage into]#h=820&imgrc=GRprVmobxFHdBM:&vet=1&w=1024).
Not too hot and not too cold
LDL in eggs is not linked with a higher LDL/HDL ratio and the ratio is what matters
German adds -land to a few certain countries, but not to others
Flea markets are a thing here, there a big monthly and smaller weekly ones.
;-)
Not rich but we are talking about a salary of about 5000-6000€/month (or the equivalent in Schilling, even though my Dad never disclosed how much he earned to me or my sister), but still pretty high above average and always enough to go on vacation once a year, that I had a (used) car when I turned 18 and stuff like this
Agree, Dubai was a terrible visit
Geographically the Netherlands might be small, but they have quite a large population, pretty famous cities (Amsterdam, Rotterdam), and are well known in the world
Snow is as every year, some parts dont get snow some are drowning in it
Sauce on schnitzel
I mean I've experienced unfriendly cops, but the vast majority is very professional about what they are doing.
The farther northwest you go the bigger the grievances
Not much the general population profits from
in austria we still have krampus, who was reinvented by the church but was a celtic tradition to scare away the bad ghosts
it's a tradition, it's paint
what
Carinthia is where Haider is from and came into power.
Oh, yeah
but when it comes to cars you have to buy it in your country ....
“ nerds in here
those are little steps, but they are part of a clear path, to unite all of europe
Oh, I remember catching some Styrian kid and telling him that he can rest later.
We have some good cabaret, I especially like Josef Hader who also stared in some pretty good movies.
now I'm wondering about the required thickness of cloth that makes a flag not a flag, or makes a towel a flag instead
erm ok....never heard that word, and i live in fcking austria but whatever.
Misschien geeft het ook verschillen tussen de provincies
Thanks for coming after us in the alphabet (at least in English), so when the both of us get 0 points in the ESC, we can still say "at least we beat the Germans".
Dont worry, they will just sell them to the americans and they will forward them to Saudi Arabia
Donatella Versace embodies this spirit of Italian clothing prefectly
I missread it
It's not about "who is better" but about equal rights for everybody.
It's basically just scrambled eggs with pig's brain
That's it
Von aussen merkst davon natuerlich nichts weils alls @uni
She OVERuses it actually
Really, look at old german writing: the s used to be written similar to a modern f and the z used to have a weird underthingy like a handwritten g. The ß used to have one too, but I guess it kind of faded along with the one the z had
yes, in dialect you can make whole sentences with it (mostly due to the common dropping of "ch")
It is also still used as a salute among hunters and fishermen (Weidmanns Heil/Petri Heil) or when reaching the peak of a mountain
But the taste is seriously addicting IMHO
Not really, no
Well ,if there is one foreign movie that does NOT portray my county by any means: The sound of music
Of course, a roommate and a host family is a bit different, but basically it's the fastest way to find our what kind of person you will share your home with
>The door needs keys to open from the inside
This isn't accurate anymore
It's not just a guy it's a party, but what would you call Le Pen for example
Probably Graz or Innsbruck
When I drive 1 hour in a certain direction my Mom won't understand any person there
Simp King
Me too, happened while I was alone in self-isolation in the UK
Usually on the second or third wave sticks
20 years and you ended up in the wrong (bigger, but worse) part of Austria
Are you talking about Færøyene
I remember flying from Vienna to Graz or Salzburg as a child.
Now go to sleep lower styria
I'm still not convinced that the Sound of Music isn't just a prank the rest of the world is playing on us.
&#x200B;
In the supermarket I usually go to theyre in the fridge as well
They printed tshirts that said 'Tausche Wien gegen Südtirol' (Exchange Vienna for south Tyrol).
It's pretty normal for the height of summer
I was stationed there for training for 8months (I think
You forgot about the beer
Ibiza Scandal
Only UK and 1-2 other countries do it otherwise
There is no sort of quality control
He rarely comes up on like the news or anything, and many people probably do think of him as more American than Austrian, but at the same time he is seen as a great example of being able to do whatever you want as long as you put yourself out there and are proactive
However, Romania doesn’t either anymore
With "online banking" I ment a service provided by your bank, not some website of your landlord.
0°C at 2500m feels like - 5°C at 250m
Slovenian is even an official minority language here, so you get a translator if you need one
I work as a receptionist and I am so done being coughed at and getting sick because desinfectting your hands after shaking them is/was frowned upon
To add to the presidential election, both are very "tame" (or at least seam to) compared to their party colleagues.
I was in Laos this summer and met quite a few brits...a lot of them were apologizing for Brexit.
Who is us
yeah
Europeans will just think youre an ignorant jerk
Quargel (similar to your Handkäse) and Glundner Käse ist pretty exotic and strong
It's sadly more common than you think :/
My Granny used to make it as snack for me...
Tourists (mostly Americans), businessmen and diplomats are mostly treated as all others.
Exactly my point
If the EU can't keep existing without the support of the US, it was weak & useless all along.
Ahhhh
It's not a repost
I wanna know now
How dare you refuse to pay with card
So not *that* long ago
One huge reason for this was of course the Marshall Plan the western states of Austria received
It's the same for Andy Murray, if he wins he's british, if he loses he's scottish.
I mean, why not
When I visited, my gf had to translate everything I said
What are some funny movie translations from english into your native language, or vice versa
It's funny how her Adidas is spot on correct and her pronunciation of Nike is just wrong in the same way as the Germans do it wrong
Law is usually country specific and most militaries only accept citizens of their own countries.
For some reason we thought it would be a good idea to add little strips of our national flag on the top and bottom, making the plate about 1cm higher than the standard
The fact we were basically not mentioned in the conference probably helped prevent us from being split like Germany
Passt scho, afoch mitm bluza woggln und liab dreischaun
We had the F1 and even better the Moto GP here this year :)
Until next week
Acabo de vomitar un poquito
I was in Tromsø last winter and while I wore Longjohns under my Jeans and thick winter boots with thick socks I saw a girl walking home from school in Adidas Sneakers ankle free
Sauerkraut was a big part of my grandmothers food
Was wondering because Hofer usually has big stores but Hofer is a part of Aldi Süd afaik
Below that it is kind of messy, it's a weird mix of student's IDs, [e-Card] both, passports and the like for getting into clubs
The Four Seasons - Winter
I maybe loved the rebuilding Monteriggione part in AC2 the most of everything in the game
It is more like: If you feel neccessary to built up a lot of muscles to feel save, it is not a peacefull environment.
My mom left Poland about 23 years ago too, because she needed a job
Yes
Ok cool here's a few questions for ya
Used to have a student ID but am not a student anymore.
ÖVP: The Austrian People's Party
Before investing he could afford ordering either a 100€ product from Europe or a 100$ product from the US.
I have only lived in Austria for three years but I don't plan on moving back to Germany anytime soon
Bavaria vs Bremerhaven), and neither are Austrians
Thats unheard of, in most European countries
Besides I easily get confused by little things like fish n' chips
Never really got the whole Beethoven situation, never heard anybody call him austrian
"I have been to Germany once
¯\\\_(ツ)_/¯ )
I think the most ridiculous thing I've seen was a cup of broccoli.
But it's good, feel attacked, because on normal roads you should drive like a sane person
Visited Winkelgasse
Etna or Fuji-san
Funny, this post is about pets, and then I see pictures of polar bears and octopuses
But that definition is weird
that triggered certain developments here as well
I'd say anything north of Bavaria is pretty horrible.
but on the other hand, the "city" itself is only a town with 20k inhabitants and probably fulfills more characteristics of a US suburb than of let's say NYC
But what did Franz II
I also cannot think of any US president (or even US politician period) who was of humble origin
Unsas is bessa, do kennts es sogn wos es wollts.
Edit 2: reports still only confirm only 2 dead (1 attacker, 1 civilian)
and what your take on it is
Also "anfahren" which in Germany means starting to drive and here driving into something
Sure, there’s also Kasleberkassemmerl and Pferdeleberkassemmerl (my personal favorite, because horse meat is great)
I like Weißbier, helles and Pils
Online, with card in the shops and in cash
Ach Scheiße, hier gehen wir wieder
[Nothing more Viennese than someone shouting out of a window and complaining about noise
Churchill was no hero either but at least he wasn’t as much as a puppet, unlike FDR
Klingt komisch, is aber so
Also Schimanski isn't an Austrian production so technically I can't recommend it in this thread
Zabaione, panna cotta, Pandoro, ...
I got a closed snowcover in my hometown
I was there as a kid/teen and it was really underwhelming.
In austria basically every job is unionized, why isnt in the US
If they understand my dialect then i have no problem talking to them.
again, sending bombs is not "trolling", it's "terrorism".
Musikverein
Perfect, in fact, everything would be perfect as long as germany is gone :^)
Dad loves Andorra and goes there regularly as well and did consider becoming a citizen but his wife wasn't a fan of it so he decided not too.
Last year on a ski lift I heard a woman talking with her daughter.
I love the sound of Italian, Portuguese (pure music), cheerful Russian, and angry French
Damm, never knew Melk was our capital once upon a time
Do-nau
"Austria didn't experience a denazification as western Germany did" sorry but WHAT ?!?!
One of the main reasons (I think) is that besides those ads the only time anyone talks about Africa is when there is something terrible on the news
Riding my bicycle around the village
I really envy our neighbors for their democracy
Vienna as the capital and seat of the goverment is seen as bloated head of hte country by people not living in Vienna.
Never been at Naschmarkt
Danes seem to have a remarkably bad streak of luck in military matters since the end of the Kalmar Union
In general we have many different kind of dumplings in Austria though
Didn't know it came from a Swiss city
Those are all part of my identity.
I've spent about a week or so reading through frugal opinions here, trying to figure out if they might know a thing or two I didn't but I'm slowly coming to the conclusion that it's just indignant talk you can hear at your local pub
Generally I would say not to indulge the troll, but your response made his/her post look stupid, so bravo!
You surely mean you buy  preserved milk  (instrad of standard fresh, pasteurized, milk, which is always in in the refrigator aisle in any supermarket) in France and then put that one in the fridge
Always when I her the word "flink" I imagine that tailor
I checked and there's a certain size (e.g.
Still couldn‘t ever speak it or translate word by word
I have to say, they also make for a good Schnitzel
Oh, thank you, I forgot the word for that and just assumed it was all the same
Jessas na
Its a pre-christian tradition whrere a huge tree is pulled trough the village on sleds by masked adults
Yes but the only people who say "liberal" when they mean "social liberal" are Americans
Much less then in the US for example but if you go hiking off the tourist trails it’s quite common to see street signs with billet holes in them
In Austria it's definitely Vienna.
that sounds like the steak-schnitzel i saw in a german video
Whenever a "political" party starts to wear uniforms and walk around in formation, it brings back some dark memories here.
Sorry for the German Youtube video, but I need to plug this because it's just so important
Should Italy limit itself to only eating pasta and pizza and driving around on little scooters?
edit: No wait
Romania and Bulgaria both suffer from the fact that a lot of emigrants are those that have not yet reproduced and if they never return both countries are stuck with bad demographics
Every Austrian who has a 24 hours nurse/caregiver knows about Kosice
We do, but just in dialects
at least getting a ruler wouldn't be an issue
They still had baby wipes
Germans use it aswell
Luckily for him he had his metallic box of tobacco right where he got shot so he stayed undamaged
They always want to decide about what we should do.
All Germans are Prussians
I live in Vienna and have never been to/in:
Viennese for instance do not stand a chance at understanding them
you might to much better or much worse, depending on the fluctuations.
House: pretty much nothing
I came to this thread expecting anything from stupid clichees, worn-out Anschluss and Hilter jokes, to people claiming that there's absolutely no difference at all
But the whole region and metropolitan area (<700
I'll give you his adress, but i'll pm it to you, i'm a cautious person
I'm not sure if this counts but in Serbian and other South Slavic languages we have "Nocna Mora" (nightmare) and in German it's called Nachtmahr
>Try being a software dev in Europe compared to the US
I actually don't really give a shit about this stuff.
I'm gonna warm up something from 10 years ago: [KROCH MA EINE
If you stay on the pistes, follow the signs and instructions of the people working the lifts: yes
Everyone bitches about Taxi drivers being against Uber, but everyone should be
If I offer those dishes to my friends from the US or Asia they mostly are a bit skeptical but like it after a few bites
But I know what you mean
I think you can't go wrong with some American candy.
If I travel 200 miles in any direction from my city i will meet people speaking about 5 different languages but they will all be rather similar in mindset as they come from the Alpine region of central Europe
Lord have mercy
Attention is on the thing - here the trees)
Laeioum
I couldn't imagine how bad robocalls would be
So I think the flag had nothing to do with the downvotes.
Scary shit
If you asked a random middle aged person in a village or a small town, they'd probably know the name of the President, maybe the VP, and that Trump and Clinton are running in the upcoming elections.
True, do you show your Septum on your application picture
But police here haven't changed at all yet, so it doesn't affect austria for now.
If he's as smart as his foreign policy plan appears, then he'll stay veeery close to europe
I had no big expectations, but was a little bit dissapointed when i arrived at Miami airport.
* Hungary probably a whole bunch
It's more comparable to how you pronounce "ayyy" in English
They are tested in case of a nuclear or natural catastrophe or in case of war
As a Linzer, I gotta say that is an apt description
Seems there was a slight shift in meaning happening after our teachers' graduation
They don't. They eat Petteri instead
Also French people speaking German
Does Afghanistan count as former USSR to you?
Is it our culture to gas people to death
I guess it's also a different way of thinking
If their accent is really good I might be unsure whether that's an odd local dialect from a region I'm not familiar with - but that's rare
In contrast, Ea stern Europe means the portion of orthodox Europe under Byzantine influence that was only marginally impacted by the Ottoman Empire and hardly transformed by it
If you know the exact count of something you use one of two versions
no, half of the country are not environmentalist
Kirche enormen Einflus zusprach und der daneben auch noch ein ordentlicher Antisemit und Antiziganist war (was oft vergessen wird)
Having any sort of privilege connected to citizenship or trying to enforce a national language will sound like nationalistic madness to future generations
Below ~18 I take a vest with me and wear long pants
Sigmund Freud Museum
Of course you had a great home ownership rate because all other savings simply eroded before your eyes.
Well, I've seen it, but only because I wanted to know what we get associated with...
** yeah I know ultralight approach shoes are super popular right now
Judging by the development over the recent years, nobody is learning even about things that happened a hundred years ago
She's a physicist, and married to a theoretical chemist
In Tyrol we say "Fleischkas". Did you like it
when my mom said she wants to name my younger brother Julius I was like "Who in the world would give their kid such an old name
it's easier to come to the country and get the money there when needed
> Austrian (mostly in German):
(English) I don't know what you are talking about, we are speaking exactly like we write
He doesn't want to make allegations like that, he was trying to prove a point.
In Alpine Austria, around the end of December people dress up in wooden masks and furs as so-called [Perchten]#imgrc=_) and have processions in towns, which sometimes can get quite excessive and violent.
Pulli	IT
>Apfelsaft
Lol sorry, now I get it - I was really confused for a moment, if you guys would re-use condiments or something :D
Same experience, but with St
We got away with it because the allies *decided so*. The idea that Austria would be framed as a victim was drawn up by the allies in 1943 - so that they could build a neutral block in the center of Europe, next to Switzerland
Only if the speed limit changes from country to country, or if marked
I'm sorry, I never intended it to be passive
* Church/Religious service
There is the saying that the first child takes variable time while the second one always takes nine months
I suppose that would be Vienna vs
Interesting thought to be honest - but I guess that would fall under sexism and thus can’t really be applied in this case
Well, the question is: would they know those are US states
I think Austrians would benefit from the business
*'Gott erhalte Franz den Kaiser' intensifies*
What are they going to do exactly?
It can also be argued that the african slave trade was started by austria so we need something good rather urgently
When you try to make a crop-circle, but forget that your tool is set to 11
That's unpopular here and i again expect a lot of downvotes, but it's true
Not really as populism actually means that the party is just using it to get voted and do not really believe it (like some left-wing parties are doing it to overcome right-wing dominance)
You can‘t be catholic AND a serb, according to, well every serb, croat, etc
you put a bit of jam on each bite of your schnitzel with your knife
How much freer than literally lying to the people can a press get
It's just Austrian history leading to WWI
Maybe they do speak more in an original viennese dialect
There's the Arsenal Vienna which was built as a military base in the 19th century after the 1848 revoultion, in order to control future uprisings and revolts
And afaik nobody was killed at the ambassy,  but it is the reason for assasination
Is someone who leaves and becomes chancellor in a neighboring country, then annexes his former country and gets rid of its name considered a traitor
I mostly follow politics in other countries when our news outlets report on them so that's mostly the big countries (Germany, France, Italy, UK) or where things aren't going to well (Hungary, Poland, etc
I think it's just my specific Austrian dialect though, afaik
Businesses don't have values
For example the Upperaustrians meme about the Mühlviertel (countrybumpkins) and especially the district of Rohrbach (countrybumpkins who kill you due to reckless driving)
OOOOH YEAAAAH*
I guess being at the tail end you may well be lucky enough to dodge FTTN and get FTTC or maybe even FTTP now that they've backflipped and starting to roll that out again
I'm not complaining we still get hot rainy days like wtf but it's noticeably cooler than last summer, at least up til now
Belvedere Castle
Health problem with your circulation, that can mean blood pressure, blood sugar, slight fever, or any other ailment really
Since the reflectors work differently, having both on you can definitely help, especially if you consider the recco a fallback plan (should you forget to turn to "send", should its electronics fail, should you lose it due to some reason)
France: I love the eating culture, French people seam  to enjoy their meals really and are not in a hurry
Macht auch wenig Sinn, wenn man einfach von daheim auf die Uni gehen kann.
(EHIC + some national stuff, used also to have the ability for a qualified digital signature)
American and british strategic bombardement caused a lot less damage then the allies anticapated
Wasn't that bad when I was there
Fun fact: there ist a district in Vienna named Wieden
The EU will never survive in the long run in its current form.
Obviously the details for the pronunciation and mild deviations for spelling vary, similar to middle high German, but also like middle high German there are rules and not using them right makes sentences feel kinda off
Our "subjects of the state" mentality.
You know it would have been funny even with the explaining at the end ( summa summarum ....) my dear german neighbour
First one yes, second one: NO
I've just started collecting some information on investing in Austria in [this sub's wiki] If you have some comments/feedback please share them!
The only problem is understanding the dialects, but for me every one has something special in it that standard German is lacking
Well it also mentions Austria, but let's not talk about that
Weather/climate
They are a tiny party otherwise, but seem pretty alright compared to certain parties which might get over 30% at the next elections here.
Auf der Alm gibts keine Sünd
In the neue mittelschule (Age 10-14) you get thought things like typing, navigating on pc, saving/opening files, basic word/excel/powerpoint , send/read emails and things like that
Latest on wednesday everything has to be closed
Yeah I know
Cracked me up
I don't enjoy musicals/music films generally, but almost 20 years after an American first mentioning the film to me, I really should finally see it.
Nice fish
The ppl I went to school with do that too and I can only write pure cursive, because that's what we mainly learned
And thanks for the laugh
Also Klammeraffe ist für mich ein Heftgerät
They should try Liechtenstein, maybe they want them
French coffee – weak as the Maginot line
austria would've finally had a football achievement that eclipsed 1978 cordoba
We certainly haven't had great or competent politicians for a while, although ever since our last chancellor stepped down, things seem to have turned for the better.
Exactly, that is what he wants to get rid off.
Yanks a lot
The law came into effect very recently
And so they presented him to the locals: “Das ist der Schmecker”.
Except we don't act as if we were innocent
at the end of 5 years I would have 27,081.61€
Just look for pics of US grocery stores
With ketchup, please
They even introduced a weaponsban in the old town area
What is it with these exposed ankle trend that's been going on for a few years
Good thing you added the same quality prerequisite
) live in cities, where you can use public transport and bicycles
It is invisible, extremely painful and inevitable - that’s how the FSB/Putin want to demonstrate their power and reach
Doubt he's against it after the lockdown and previous facemask requirements
But I can see how different roasts and beans would affect the coffee.
But yes, I'm aware of what you're pointing out
I was an exchange student at age 16.
Renuable energy (mostly water) is huge, wind energy growing, solar power lags a bit behind Germany.
I‘ve heard many from Hufeisen-und (horseshoe-and), to litararisches und (and of literary) or kaufmännisches und (I think that‘s the german name for it: business/businessmans and)
I made that sentence up
If you're interested in classic musicians, I can really recommend the Esterhazy castle in Eisenstadt, in Burgenland (east)
Granted, I rarely watch TV-ads and don't give out my phone number and email address so I might have missed it.
I've never been to Malta
at least in my media bubble
It’s also about more secure I think
Oida danke, bist a Hawara
I used to work as a server at events, anything from weddings, business events, expos, anything really
Too nice here, couldn’t really imagine living anywhere else
Well then they aren't from your country as of 2019 nevertheless
I thought this only existed in series, movies and books
A runoff is kind of normal, since it's relatively unlikely for a candidate to gather at least 50% of the electorate around him, especially not if there are five candidates running for it.
We do though
And, for eccentric reasons, Richard Lugner
Austrian German has hungarian and slavic influences that regular German does not
Looks like yet another thing American has to be the number one in.
tbf shes also a city-renowned alcoholic
Not very common in Austria and (afaik) "aggressive begging" is illegal in many places.
>I don't think scale is relevant, though
Österreich ist eine demokratische Republik
The "Königlich bayerische Greifenreiterkorp", of course
Donald "the Orange" Trump would call it a bad deal and it is one as Denmark has withered to the smallest size its ever been since its inception
There's plenty of cellar space in lower austria
That wouldve been cooler
Also, where did they export Mozart to
And that's why we shall recreate the Empire to take back what rightfully belongs together
> But I'm definitely not going to start discussing anecdotal evidence, that's not science but personal opinions
Actually maybe this helps: I grew up around left-wing politics my whole life (my parents are both politicians) so I know this game inside-out and I am very well aware of the weaknesses of classic left policies (as well as classic right policies)
In my Austrian dialect (west Austria) it’s something like „huma“ which is also quite soft
Yes, it was all about losing my pregnancy weight, treating my body after a hard time or making lots of money during maternity leave
Then I got two fixed appointments per week that come to at least another 100€ per month (10-15€ per night in drinks), Leaves me 25€ which is barely enough to get pizza delivered twice
ohhh
Templer help the ottoman cause the emperor hiddes some artifact or something
Oh, I’m definitely not defending the US or any of their presidents
etc
> Is it completely painless
Taking the submarines for a spin on the Danube is just not the same
The fact that I grew up in one of the quarters made up of ugly 70s *Wohnblöcke* (think Neue Heimat) surely didn't help :D It's a pretty little old town, surrounded by a lot of hideousness
It would be more like a union between /r/Austria and /r/Germany.
Which is a different issue as it is taxpayer's money
Our squad is pretty strong, but Foda is just an idiot
But the best thing about it is probably [the view]  onto the fortress
And how much percent of the Ketamine consumption
As a regular tourist its horrible
I guess you could find Madonna statues and figurines often around the world
The opposite
Das also war des Pudels Kern
And I don't start here with the Swiss
We have secret weapons
But who wants to listen to an Austrian talking about re-education camps
Or all of them combined in a super smash bros
Seems like independently voting MPs are really not so bad after all
It’s a historical monument, no question about that
I mean it brought us Coffee
oh, the russian people got fucked over by history multiple times.
The party afterwards is the stuff of legends
But I have the same feeling (and I think it's like that among my family, families I know and circle of friends) just like you said
I didn't know that thanks
Well, i kinda liked it
The cars aren't any different from other places, though.
It's very kitschy
There's nothing crazy about the lawsuits
He was only born in Austria
I heard Schluchtenscheißer only from Germans for Austrians in General
You can see the rounded structure of the vault, that forms the ceiling, here is [a picture for comparisson
ASDFGHJKLÖÄ
It's only appropriate that Loose Bottom be in the Brighton area
I think you are misunderstanding something
There are some rail sections where 200+ km/h is possible, and some are in construction, but still there are many things that can be done
grocery store/bank/drug store and such all within a mile
I mean we *do have* some of the best tap water in the world
And if you are really fancy you could pay around 100€ to go from Budapest to vienna by boat because they are both located on the danube.
Well the F-35 is kind of heavy and therefore also slow and less manouverable in comparison to other modern Gen 4+ fighters.
Graz is beautiful
If you wake up on the 1st and it's not already over, you know you're getting old :D
You'll hear it often when hiking along with variations on 'Grüß dich/euch/Sie' in whatever dialect of the region
But yes many Austrians were fanatic Nazis
Also complete strangers talking to you
Together with bread (Semmel) it's our standard lunch meal
Maths = Red
Heast, des schreibt ma "Laberl". Ein B.
Let's give it time
She has a friend from Valencia who is from a rich conservative family, and who has a brother who is in the military (and of course votes for Vox)
Frankfurter Würstl are made from beef and pork
Well what I mean is that Britain shouldn't get any special deals.
10/10 would go back there
In the Keller they have a bunch of old swastika flags and a Stahlhelm, and an old Luger, and a signed 1st edition copy of "Mein Kampf". And once a week they lock the front door, go down into the basement, put on their SS-uniform, sing the Horst-Wessel-Lied and "Die Wacht am Rhein" in front of their Führerporträt and shed a salty, salty tear into a glass of German beer for the Downfall of the 1000-year long Reich
No, it's from a tumblr post made about 2 months before that Vine
1500 here
Thanks to Madrid's language policies
Austrians are sending a clear Signal...
At school level it's quite rare
They are only allowed to sell their own produce (so it's regional), it's typical, simple Austrian food (cheese, sausages, ham, pickled veggies) and it's really cheap so that farmers and the like can get their calories at an affordable price
I guess he's just a typecast and not really all that different in any of his movies
Having an uncommon spelling for my first name as well, I know how inconvenient that can be
They are definitely assault rifles
(His laptop was in the yellow bag for those who didn't read the story)
Thats not debatable imo, but thats a nice view, humanity won the space race
Like, I can imagine it happening, and why and how big
- The digital clock
Although in German you would use a comma
But really all it takes nowadays to be a successful populist is to have money, a loud mouth, and tell the "common people" what they want to hear.
I think everybody who appreciates Art ans Architecture feels sad for the loss
Comment so i don't forget to check for the ragecomment of a moravian that will come in a few hours
The next week someone else accidentally set a car on fire
" to a MP who was born in Bosnia
If there is a time to spend more it's now before the lower pound value fully reaches consumer prices.
I can empathize, Austrians are also ratas, we always pay separate, and turns around every cent 3 times before spending it
That it is a punishment, will be how the average Brit will perceive it.
turns into Las Ketchup's
Inner Anatolia was always more conservative
You're allowed to wear Speedos in Finland
- No
[One "special" lion]
We did the Cool trips above all in elementary school
Whats a finland
I think it's more a question of density: Do you live in a vast country with few people you are used to traveling far distances to get to anything.
Or she just doesn‘t like talking bout it that much but usually people talk about it openly
Austria teaches asylum seekers how to ski
Hungarian
Nix do mit de Nochbarn onbandln
exactly the same here
That alone is not that unique actually
I wouldn‘t move to another country just from my free will
It's actually quite a problem in the part of rural Austria I live in (Innviertel).
> Fission has come a long way and is incredibly safe and Fusion is still entirely theoretical
Open the beer with another beer
Greater burgenland (hungary)
FPÖ currently is the third strongest party and the strongest according to polls.
Thanks for explaining
I hope "Nehmen Sie das sofort herunter
We basically have white, red and schilcher sturm
Can confirm, I'm from Austria, have never seen it and know no austrian who did, including several people living in Salzburg which is full of tourists searching for the real Trapp experience.
Maybe it's just me but the railway thing sounds very much like Germany
[Fassbender speaks (pretty good) German in another X-Men movie] The fact that he's a German Jew is an integral part of that scene
Do you need a specific job for your school (Ferialpraktikum) or would any job be ok?
It literally doesn't make it any more or less credible.
Seems like an obvious combo to someone sitting there in front of both pizza ovens and a kebab stand
You do too
The President is a popular vote, If No canditate gets over 50% there is another election Just between the two strongest canditate
* Franz Joseph Haydn
Always weird to see this kind of map
This can vary
We would try to argue with germany while getting ignored by them
It's not the best time, snow is melding here, everthing is brown in grey...
> ...maybe the preference for carbonated water is unique to here
I’m Jewish and my accountant is Swiss and lives in Switzerland, so in 2019 I am glad that Switzerland is rich and has such stable financials
I think most people here can ride a bike and children are allowed to participate in traffic with 12 years, 10 years if they do a kind of "driving license". I remember I did that in school, a police officer came to school, we did a theoretical multiple choice test about traffic rules and certain traffic signs that are relevant for bike and foot traffic ("give way", "STOP" etc), and had a practical test (hand signs, looking for traffic correctly, taking a left turn etc
well in the 80ies little elemtary school me goes shopping to the "Greißler", a little cornerstore where you order your things at a counter.
Also reusable
With Mozart we Austrians are not on the same page
They played a friendly against my Team  [Skn St
Criticizing faith is allowed
Dein Beitrag: unnecessary
But in politics and media it's only about high paying white collar jobs
I have not seen a house built in the last 15 years that doesn't have an automatically locking door
I hope "Nehmen Sie das sofort herunter
Krankenhaus Nord in Vienna
The only border crossing there is at the entrance of the tunnel on the Austrian side
And the big parties either voted for it, or didn't vote at all (which is just as bad as voting for it)
(Not sure what the Standard German equivalent would be)
I kinda appreciate Croatia's border
At some point of the evening somebody "kidnaps" your newly wed wife and you have to do a scavenger hunt through the are that normaly ends in paying a large bar tab somewhere for half the invited people at some local bar
I can recommend GommeHD
Also he never talked about his time in the Wehrmacht at all with me or my dad, so that's all I know
In all these regards, my hometown feels way more of a metropolis than Vienna at its almost 2 million inhabitants; and don’t even get me started on Bucharest
At the same time, i know several people in my area who got heavily injured by boars, one even died
A shame, used to rely and pride itself with neutrality :(
Then open the second beer with the cap of the open beer
For example: Georgia is one of the oldest european/christian civilizations
However, most people weren't happy about that as they shared lots of culture and language with either the Greeks or the Turks
Luxembourgish 85%
You have no clue what you are talking about.
You have to bend the card around one or two corners
Well is a [RT interview] an official setting
This seems to be common with German speaking teachers
Angst
Other than that (yeah, ticks may be dangerous too, when you are being infected with FSME, but there is a vaccine for that) we don´t really have dangerous animals here
This resonates with me
How to get sanctioned in 3 easy steps.
strawberry I know, but cherries is definitely new
An sober Austrian not complaining about anything
The negotiations took very long, which led to Schuschnigg becoming very nervous because he wanted to smoke, while Hitler stayed calm, and actually had factored that in
I guess its because the ground is still a little too warm
Austrian collicual speech has a funny preference for dimunitives
Nice: 10-20 C
Glad you asked, I use a modified QWERTZ layout, the [T2 Layout] It's easy to install and doesn't change any of the usual keys, but gives you an additional layer of many more [special characters] (mostly accessed through AltGr/AltShift)
We had the same
I live in Austria now, but I hardly ever go to KFC because it’s just soo bad
Not specifically a sign but many signs combined
Those are different towns though that happen to be close to each other and a border inbetween
Catalán is like a middle thing between Spanish an Occitan
Haven't heard too much hate about them from anyone around the country
That would be [Zirbenlikör] or just "Ziabn", a liqueur flavoured with the cones of [a certain species of pine]
I don’t know the exact law, but in Austria companies pay a yearly fine if they don’t have a certain percentage of disabled employees
(I'm not even sure the better deal actually improved anything for the commoners in hungary)
TIL, never realized the non-bavarian parts of Bavaria are so big.
In my area (countryside with no city nearby, touristy region) you get a flat with about 80m^2
The Yalta Conference was disgusting
r/croppingishard
They are writhing that a FPÖ president would be a shift to the right of Austrian society - yet a green president would be an equally significant shift to the left - but never in any media, domestic or foreign, have I seen any mentioning of that.
Surprisingly, they also remembered that Shrek being interrupted because the Pope died
The Spanish get louder than Italians only under the influence of alcohol
13 kids in the class of my son
You have to see the tools as part of a trio with the (also golden) mural crown, which turns it into a very strong republican symbol
Donde esta el zapataria
Never forget Elisabeth
Just build artificial islands from sand/stone taken from the oceans - solves the rising sea levels and potentially other problems of overpopulated areas
I hope more people see this
Oh and it's easier to rip tourists off with those things haha
Most german military and civilian industries were still intact towards the end of the war
Especially with older people
The [Unipark] of the University Salzburg is also pretty cool
Either about 12 minutes by metro or half an hour by tram, I prefer the latter if it gets really crowded on the metro
I think it's going to be in favor of Geert Wilders with about 70%
Disclaimer: I can't accurately say how the church is here out of first hand, only from what I've heard from many others
I am
For example: "Hast du das eh schon gemacht
Sure, but they can do it by quite a bit.
I nominate Vormittag
I know definitely more mixed-"race" couples than non-european same-ethnicity couples.
Arme Ritter are the half of Bovesen
But the US kinda lost their favourable image and sometimes you have to break the stereotype and specify that you do know how to use your inside-voice indoors, that you don't think it's a good idea to arm teachers, that you can actually find your current location on a globe and that Arnold Schwarzenegger was in fact the greatest action movie actor of the 80s ;)
In Germany being a Nazi is outlawed, so punching someone doing a Hitler salute is not any different than punching a robber
We have a handfull of ~~nsdap~~ fpö members who could do the job
(However don't quote me on those numbers, those are just what it felt like the few tiems i've been over there.)
Here, the left was furious and the right-wingers loved it.
It's not an explicit taboo, but as I would me never ever came into my mind looking into some people fridges i guess it's an indirect one
Those are included though (to quote the source data's preamble):
Other countries: Bratislava, Prague, Cesky Krumlov, Cracovia, Buda, London, Stuttgart (more of a palace really), Madrid de los Austrias (I guess
The version of it that is used in Denmark seems to be slightly different as to the ratio of ingredients that are used, and pastries made with the Danish variant of the dough would apparently be called "Kopenhagener Gebäck" according to Wikipedia, but I've honestly never heard that before
It's funny if someone from my family celebrates his birthday because everyone is celebrating twice, one time with the family and one time with the street so you celebrate them twice with them in case of the ones living in my street
USA
I mean its not like people talk politics and enjoy it all the time in other places, but in Poland "all politics suck and they will suck forever thats why I don't vote" seems like such a common stance to have
It's just too cold in the winter in Austria to live in a trailer.
We still have a little bit of snow on the ground where there is shade most of the day
Who hasn’t?!
the Bavarian grandpa of my wife drinks it all time, he calls it a "Rus"
Laeioum
(And I never thought about the fact that Dora The Explorer was existent in other countries, because I was a child and didn‘t think about what other countries do, so yeah ^ ^ “)
To be fair, Beethoven did a lot of work in Austria, lived there for (if I'm not mistaken) the majority of his adult life, so it's kinda understandable to think he was Austrian.
&#x200B;
grün = grian
I am not disbuting railhub and industry bombing were justified, but that by "accident" the entire city got carpetbombed is kinda meh.
Also, quite a dick move from Trump to abandon their former allies
Wow, I thought liquors are at 18 in every state.
Well that backfired
And are most likely lying in the polls for Macron.
A Tagesgeldkonto works similar to a Sparbuch, but usually has better yields - you can currently get more than 1% per year.
Okra is high regarded and not so common here
Lazy set and forget portfolio for AT
Why do these northern countries focus so much into English?
That's better than the UK, Serbia and - Austria (1
I honestly would be scared for humanity if we gave up writing by hand just because for the past ten years Apple has been selling us tablets
Was zum Teufel
Between mountains with very important  trade routs going through it + the Donau going quite literally through Vienna
Weird then;)
Is Döner Kebab still not a thing in North America?
STEM is mostly done at universities too
I think you could ask us austrians how well assasinating a high ranking official goes
Especially coal costs thousands of lives too.
For me its the worst of the supermarkets and its almost only in the bad districts here
ah I see
I mean, it makes sense that the German food is the most spread of all
And it's different if it's not outside of your house.
Is Spain really that socially liberal ?
>"Polack" is, indeed, used as a derogatory term
There is only one situation during the German-Soviet war he talked about once, the one where they were surrounded and forced to surrender
I dont know, most of the ingredients I dont even know
Upper Austria
Austria would stop hating the north and start hating the south
The saturation has been tempered with.
There are details here and there, that need to be fixed, absolutely
At that time German speaking people in the Austro-Hungarian empire were called Germans
He is very well-known and popular in the village, because he's a very open and extroverted guy, so I guess that helps
Austriae est imperare orbi universo
Buy 3 (-2.95€), return 2 (+2€), buy 3 more (-2.95€), return 2 (+2€), return 2 (+2€) --> 10 cent profit.
Namaste back to you, how's the ganges doing?
Religion is different from your skin color, your gender, your height, your eye color, your hair color, your birthplace.
That said
IIRC second most popular drink after Coca-Cola
It is very difficult to learn but you get paid a lot
Your investment choices will become more important in the future, but right now they won't make much of a difference.
in SE-Asia
You can get unlimited in Austria for 30.
:D good for you, so you go undercover into the turkey thread and read Erdogan to filth?
I think a lot of people like german because of Rammstein
1945
They translated some surenames and place names to German
But where would we keep our Burgen
Interesting
We call the Germans "Piefke" or "Saupreissn"
And you can bet each design just cost roughly below the 100,000 Euros threshold where calls for a tender are mandatory.
For now, Americans don't like losers and Trump has lost
The winter olympics, especially Alpine Skiing and Ski Jumping, are very popular in Austria...
breaking the law is what intelligence agencies do.
Zero points, and rightly so
Funnily enough I know the founder of OE24
Has Finland already recovered
What do you mean by that
We started both world wars, but don’t tell anyone
Tyrolians, Salzburgers, Carinthians, Styrians
Austrian cheese is the best :3
ZF is from Germany though
That’s not what she meant though
Lmao if you dont come out sabina will come inside
There is no way there is undrinkable water in the water reservoir
Except the towel thing
There are 8 in the whole of Austria
Thank you so much, that's way more in depth than I expected
And thats bullshit as fuck and i had to explain that hole number mess to a german student who was fucking confused about the numbers the professor in front of him was using and why he was using "multiple versions so inconsistently".
Endless energy
You can’t compare Vienna to the countryside
Even after he passed the denazification the family lived of wild roots his children found
The Netherlands becaise they know that they'd swim in the future
The costumes only look like that inside the valley
Not 100% sure on the latter though, Prague or Buda/Pest/Budapest might have been bigger at certain points in time since 1600, but I kind of doubt it
BUT, I think our health system still is working very well besides these issues
That has nothing to do with being blunt, that's just awful behaviour
Germans, Dutch, British...) who go down a mountain in fifth gear risking overheating of their brakes (which can end deadly).
That would be many hundreds of thousands
It varies
If not we're good ... I guess ;)
Not even the Rhine border
They're spot on
As you can see, I posted this 6 hours ago when the national broadcaster said that 1% more people turned out to vote this time round
We had to use those for school, and quite a few people wrote their cheat sheets into the inside of the cover
China and Russia will face the same problems once their population reaches a certain level of education.
Otherwise it is the burgenland or the austro-czech border
The public needs this transparency to protect itself from false health claims.
AFAIK there is not much of a barrier for people with EU passports in Austria, but you have to proove you speak German very well.
You pay into a budget that also has things in it FOR YOU
The situation is a bit more complex and way deeper than I can possibly describe in a short comment and I'm sure it is "jammern auf hohem Niveau" in comparison to what other countries do, but by no means is Austria perfect and pure
More than germany to say the least :^)
But sexual assault, murder and kidnapping are also in the realm of possibility
Interesting - the SVP and all their anti-immigration referendums got a lot of coverage here, people being concerned the swiss "are all going nazi"
Nice: 15 to 20
Edit: that sounded almost apologistic, I only wanted to say that the Anschluss hasn't happened in a vacuum
* Group B: Denmark, Finland, Belgium, Russia
And to oftwn you actually know them, or have at least seen them
this combination is then made available to dozens of government organisations in order to help individuals in case of an emergency.
You could get into trouble very easily and people were wary to say anything to anyone.
Vienna is cut in three by the Danube and the Danube Canal
Underrated
well now that's unfair, speaking the local's language so the poor british ~~expats~~ immigrants won't understand you
It has news, videos, a "radio" link, and a link [podcasts]
He held some [good speeches of his own] though
My eternal enemy
This is missing places like Ceuta and French Guyana.
But this is inevitable
That's hilarious
Rightfully so
As someone living in said area, I would like to apologize
This is not a purely American/English-speaking thing.
well fair enough, so do people in most countries that take off their shoes inside
Have you ever seen a door handle
Good job
It would just be "my child's godparent".
Here is a good video series on Russia.
It's about time honestly
Those sirens are also used in shorter intervalls to alert the fire brigade in the country side (rural fire brigades are usually voluntary forces)
To be fair tho, American English actually preserves / innovated some verb forms which makes it more complicated in a lot of regards 😉
Letting private companies run things the state should do
He and I both make the capital Z with a line and the lowercase z without
~1-2 minutes walking to university (essentially I have to cross a rather big intersection
- I thought you already left
Cold war era Vienna could be interesting
I often also just say „Fuck it“ and use Denglisch when I‘m lazy enough (Denglisch = German and English at the same time [my german-speakers please don’t kill me])
Hahaha, wait till you hear about St
Next election the FPÖ might even vanish under the limit nessecary to get into the parliament
Much more likely is them just blocking any european IPs
However I'm afraid at the beach I wouldn't be able to distinguish between croats, Czechs, poles,...
My uncle in law manages a slaughter house, what you see here is employees intentionally torturing animals by not following the procedure.
You never googled anyone you haven't met yet but are going to meet
"schnabel" would be german for "beak" (like a ducks beak)
True
Didn't know how many opportunities for dick jokes there are if you're really dedicated, what a week
German, Dutch, French, Italian, Russian, English, Austrian Dialect (that counts
This was pre-internet and it took me years to have my misconception corrected
He desperately wants to be the strong and stable leader during crisis, so crisis gets to go on until it fits into his schedule
Seems like many of these problems are caused by work and school(!) simply starting too early (the latter is conformed by noumerous studies)
Yea we get a bad rep from other more selfish veggies
I know - and I really dont like it
But I'd probably show it if I had to apply for a new job
For people familiar with the issue this is not surprising.
US spending 4 times exceeds EU spending.
Well theoretically we Austrians could
Not my country, but the only place I‘ve ever seen flat toasters is Denmark
Its funny
* N steht für endlich haben wir mal Spaß -> N is for finally we have some fun
reminds me of the map Erlenberg in World of Tanks
After long residence in the country yes
As these were the guys you grew up with you sometimes talked with them and if you were on the other side of the political spectrum you didn't talk nicely xd
It funny because the opposite is true in the west (in the mountains)
My department lead was pretty impressive, you could give him a beer in an unmarked glass and he could tell you pretty precisely what part of the country it's from
True
* The german name, Österreich, can be translated as Eastern Realm
To be honest, it's just the czechs not knowing how to properly prepare for things.
I’m from the Alps and my absolute comfort-temperature is 15-19°C.
WHY THO
How many were chopped up while still alive
parking space probably not included
It's not like we had much of a choice in that - it was the Allies who pushed for a distinct Austrian national identity in our occupation time, for obvious reasons
TL;DR: Starving kids, Ebola, war zones, savages - portrayal of Africa in a nutshell here
The Garda lake (is that the English name ?
5 minutes by car or 25 minutes on foot - would be 10 minutes by bike, but the hill at the end is a problem, and I have to cross a wide, busy street at rush hour
Some it is very good, but it's not very varied
Yeah, it is
Well ethnic Tyrolean but with strong Italian influences
teacher". Anything else would be super weird or rude
Sure you dont get everything back as a net contributor, but lets stop pretending that every single euro (or pound) paid into the EU is lost
yeah, something like this with additional tomato sauce and meat.
Eros Ramazotti was big here a decade or two ago.
I also came across a bunch of other Polish cities which I hadn't heard of (Szczecin, Poznań, Wrocław), but when I read the German names (Stettin, Posen, Breslau), I realized I *have* heard of them
But our language didn't spread there
WTF
And who says Europeans aren't raised to hate all things American.
How cute
Nice views from the *Schlossberg* mountain [over the city] The drive from Vienna to Ljubljana is definitely a scenic one (Autobahn A2) and would give you some nice sceneries and photo ops.
Sometimes the Schützen wake me up on sunday mornings, since they shoot with blanks to salute
(Marmeladinger verachtender Player)
None of those is true for Catalonia
They won't let you know beforehand, whether you can buy them, you'll have to try.
Although Hofer only called him those two and a communist, it was one of their party members that called him a nazi.
Elm, Andratx, the Tramuntana mountains
An example: when the Austrian Empire collapsed, the country no longer had an identity
Next one is Netherlands
The same guy's wife earning politician's money for her work as the "honorary" commissioner for animal rights within the party (and she managed his Facebook presence
10,000 died
They got their money from the state.
People are really nice and warm and social
We also had a "Maturazeitung" (Matura newspaper), mostly a self-designed and -printed/-copied collection of leaflets including funny stories and quotes of your school time, it's either sold to earn money for going drinking, or sometimes given away
To bring stuff like that up in a conversation first thing seems rather untactful
Same in German "Weißrussland"
But some Austrian dialects (like in Lungau) are a bit special and spoken by very few people
History is a marathon and not a sprint.
well, in Vienna there are some of that kind, [but they aren't very beautiful]
I refreshed my French with it, and for that it was ok
Damn, now I want this
Urban areas tend to be more left
What does tint remind you of
it is in fact still the same conflict, it was just paused because of Soviet Occupation
Kickl is even worse TBH
Uh what
That guy who went to Germany and then invaded us
Also, fyi, in Austria lots of places also use that kind of tablecloth, so the association is
As soon as the facade he needs to maintain his popularity begins to show cracks hell lose popularity again
Nowadays we mostly hang back and don't really do much politically outside of hosting international organizations or treaties
>ii) the same studies also show that the risk of heart attacks drops after the change back to standard time in winter, indicating that the body never fully adapted to summertime
At those prices, that must've been one hell of a joke
Isnt laufen running and rennen running fast
I personally would like to strangle any nationalist history teacher in Austria
Many are lamenting how old colonial buildings from the 1800's were torn down for horrid monstrosities from the 60's..
We have a thing called ["GTI-Treffen"] once a year in Reifnitz am Wörthersee (a quiet lakeside town of only 1,500 people).
Nah, u/19djafoij02 is a regular here and definitely not a troll.
The thing is, they go months without using Spanish at all (they are some very rural, salt of the earth dudes who hardly ever visit the city and are happy spending all their time in the village, on the pasture, or in the woods, I guess in the US you'd call them hillbillies), whereas I use Spanish on a daily basis
At this point I can speak English better than German and usually use Denglisch (German + English) when texting or speaking
The balkan was where our "colonies" were
In this case it also happens to be valid German German, but that doesn't change the fact
It's a really nice Hotel at the centre of Budapest.
I may have to revisit Stockholm for acquire another mug 1 day.
For sure, she was always more popular in Hungary
Mhm, not really sure how we compare to *all* of Europe, but here are a few thought or observations of mine which may or may not be correct.
Alors on Danse
I'm pretty sure at no point in history Austria lay *northwest* of Bavaria?
#Votes by Party:
Well that backfired
It's a very specific term
Those two don't really cancel each other out
Parona	IT
TIL
It clumps everything non-parisian together as if it were one big region with no differences whatsoever.
Not shops but our tash cans on the street mostly have cute little wordplays on them revolving around
I'm not going to bash the US, because that's not how I feel.
Gut, dass du fragst
Shhhhh
I haven't heard that song in ages
[Germany has no good experiences with kisses]
Nah, Eurotrip is much more realistic concerning eastern Europe.
But there isn't a countrywide closedown
Then again why would a nurse need formal training in science?
Well, I assume its not a law in those country that TV has to be in that language.
Not too hot and not too cold
And if someone from outside of Europe asks me, I usually say that I'm German, because I'm sick and tired of talking about Kangaroos, Koalas and Australian Rule Football or whatever this is
Then there‘s Handtuchhalter - hand cloth holder and it could go on and on
While it is not clear which one of these groups did so, they gave the false warning without telling the others, who promptly fled
Hopefully Greece gets new early elections and can replace Syriza with ND or someone.
BUT A GERMAN
Poland: you have many beautiful cities like Wroclaw, Kraków, Gdańsk and so many more
I might be biased but I like the Austrian plates most
Nah the real difference is that an expat is only temporarily in another country and makes no effort integrating into the local society.
And sometimes not even Austrians understand the dialect of another Austrian
How did they found cities in Scotland
And the results of this won’t always be beneficial to UK/US relations with the EU
Alban
Also, I'd add the Ars Electronica in Linz
I even know that ballad, it was interpreted to a pretty popular song by the German "medieval rock" band In Extremo (and also is featured in the first Gothic game)
A sharp knife cuts even through soft things and doesn't squash anything
Though that's not Austrian, that's an abomination.
>A frequent accusation is that Burschenschaften have an elite social understanding
\*looks what trump might have said about Austria*
Time to take back Hungary so we can also have seperatist movements
I mean "Styria" really isn't helping much since it ranges from mountains to hilly vineyards in the south.
Or also the ones surrounding your region, your whole country, other countries or maybe even all of Europe?
You know what you are getting with a Samsung Phone
I can hardly understand them and the food seems weird to me
On a bike I wouldn't wait, because there is likely a sensor that doesn't detect me and would never turn green.
Look, this is probably not the right subreddit, but a womans shellter is probably still the best place, if he comes after you there they will call the police on him and he will be dealt with.
I agree, you're right
I am very far to the east and I don't hear allemanic often at all, so I'm barely familiar with it
Heck, I work in a gambling company and its a fucking huuuge pain in the ass for us already (and in a bunch of countries you don't even get licenses because they got a state monopoly - like in Germany or Austria)
Yeah but we would all have to spend more money on air conditioning in summer so it's a stupid conspiracy
But I've met people who talk like that...
Or they are sold to China, where they are still eaten regularly in parts of the country
Croatian, slovenian, hungarian anything goes over here
I'm one of them
having a van in the family, this would be way more common than somebody owning a truck (also you'd not be able to use it to transport stuff in winter or when it rains
After she leaves primary school, maybe her taste changes
You always learn something new
A huge precentage of it came back into the UK as science-, agriculture- and infrastructure funding
Now I can start selling banners with "Austria did nothing wrong!" printed on them.
Vilket - What (what fine weather we have today) / German: Welch / Welches
This one is pretty iconic as well I think
What do you mean by „Austria is the balkans of the german world“? Do you mean language wise we have a whole ass other language nobody understands
Alternatively you could stop selling weapons to them.
The other one I've found mainly pics from his company in front of train wagons
Yeah it's pretty obvious that speed alone won't get us far but the general public doesn't seem to care about it anyways
Well than we have something we can agree on, I am also pro Brexit because I think it's better for the EU
The very nature of the fact that you even discuss with them is evidence for them that you are either unwittingly or willingly part of a greater plot against them
"I'm not a slav, I'm germanic
I mean, even if you were right, Brexit and Trump are pretty new phenomenons which were basically caused by the overrepresented left.
By devaluing their currency Italy was kicking the can down the road for decades.
I've heard "arbeit" meaning "part-time job" in Japanese anime too before
(Standard German word with a similar meaning \[minus the pimp\] would be 'Lausbube')
Ruins appetite for dinner and shifts dinner on a time way to late to properly digest to sleep well
By that logic, the Munich Accord and the German-Polish partition of Czechoslovakia started the war
And isn't paper either from Egypt or China, depending on the definition of paper
I am already learning Italian, but only for about a year and on duolingo, so this kind of counts as my first pick already
This is about idioms unique to one country
The current greatest revolutionist is Martin Sonneborn
non-tourist (meaning residential or rural) area = free toilet but rather dirty
Wouldn’t do that
[The newest exhibit in my electropathological collection] I believe I have uncovered evidence that Angela Merkel is intentionally allowing ISIS to operate in the EU (/r/The_Donald)
For example the cannibals are now normal monkeys who just attack the balloon
We get some news from Germany, but it's nowhere near overwhelming
forgot it even existed
> Iași
I see, Prekmurje is like the Slovenian version of the Austrian Burgenland: used to be Hungarian, flat as fuck, rather poor, Hungarian minority
Germany is pretty densely populated everywhere and there are hardy any vast nature reserves, that's pretty bad too imo
nice to hear Pt is so far in adopting those e-government things
One gives you the ability to go to university
Hitler
And there are things that can't be done through diplomacy that can be done through hostile dick wagging.
If I know the person and we're "per du" then just Hallo.
>The USA, famously, doesn't care so you can just renounce your American citizenship and live in stateless bliss
They need 2/3rd of votes in parliament to add or alter a constitution law
How much is 0
They definietly are opposed to any form of nuclear energry
>"I am sorry, could you please speak slowly and more high German
On one hand you got our state news "ORF" wich Reports on facts and confirmed statements
The name Adolf kind of hit a low point afterwards.
It´s good for France and Macron to stand their ground
Was a bit more ambiguous than that with plenty of groups being really invested in the Empire and its system
I mean
I cannot understand most people from one state (Vorarlberg) because their dialect is so different compared to the rest of Austria
Never heard of it
So in 10 years we will have our 1100th anniversary
It came about when an satirist got fed up by journalists writing incompetently about technical topics; he wrote to the "Neue Freie Presse" a letter which contained phrases like "variability of the pressure thickness" and "cosmic earthquakes".
The most notable exceptions to this rule would have been *The Office*, *30 Rock*, *Arrested Development*, and *Seinfeld*.
"Magna" : very big automobile manufacturer, I think mainly Mercedes and BMW are its customers in Austria
If you don't pay thousands of dollars and wait months to go to the process of renouncing your citizenship you'll stay a citizen and will have to pay taxes
In the end I think they are just way too expensive for what they offer
Jesus Christ, that's so embarrassing.
Why wouldn't the pepper spray sales go up?
I think I was able to take some pictures from the town which, under normal circumstances, are impossible to take (empty main street, empty town square)
And in the private sector gmail and hotmail are like 45:45 in my area
We shouldn't extend our dependence on the CCP any longer
I mean it's nice if she's trying to teach us about it but seriously, if you're trying to do that then do it right and don't teach your students who believe everything you say BS
Aaah, the song of my people
According to one of the other posters Ressel wasn't actually born in austria
the designer didn't even use real architecture, to avoid the quarrels it would cause
The police are there for a reason.
*Electric guitars wailing in the distance*
I've never touched people and felt less touched at the same time
I really have to make a Leberkäs-wednesday again (getting a few kilograms of different sorts for lunch, being spinach-garlic (alternative: ramson) my personal favourite, presenting them at the office and watch the co-workers dive into it like hungry lions on a fat gazelle)
We would try to argue with germany while getting ignored by them
Wels is indeed a horrible horrible city
"Right at the top of the hill"
Only speculation right now, also they are posting videos despite the explicit plead by the police not to
Scotland Northern Ireland and Wales have joined Ireland.
You haven't talked to a Romanian about Gypsies, hm?
Ifs basixally a stick and carrot approach and works amazingly well
If you say something against Jews in Austria you'll likely face a strongly worded letter from Jews...
I don't know what you're talking about
Haha right; don't wanna be a *pesado* after all
This way you can increase your picture efficiency and have even more pictures in your apartment
Kind of
It's about time we take Constantinopel back.
She stayed a night there but my sister and I brought her home the following day since she would've gotten thrown out anyway
On the contrary I think/hope Van-der-Bellens victory will be more decisive this time - hopefully Brexit/Trump has woken up voting-lazy people this time.
expensive fuel prices and people not stopping at zebra crossings are missing
Like, what was up with that
and in that case, that includes us
Woah I just checked on a map - I never realized Kazhakstan was that close to ukraine
Trump tweeted "God Bless the USA
They tried a lot to get rid of this system and to control the public media (ORF)
And what does that have to do with this?
I found myself sitting in the garden of my favourite neighbourhood restaurant with a glass of tap water, a spritzer and a schnitzel ... within an hour and a half of touching Austrian soil after four months abroad
Anno was originally developed by the Austrian company Max Design
We also do the England instead of GB/UK thing.
You can get reticulated pythons, burmese pythons, Green tree pythons and most tarantulas (even exotic ones like a P. striata) instantly
Most of them actively seek out higher education and some get a degree
[Spinach dumplings]
On the 13th of March, Nazi-Chancellor Seyß-Inquart officially signed the "Anschluss"-law
VIRIBVS VNITIS
Around here we never had that "most beautiful women" stereotype.
Yay the place of my ancestors
Do those guys really think, that they can Insult Macron with a cartoon like this
The Last one was 1955 but under the juristication of the Allied forces
Actually that is me and I feel like an alien
Nobody can tell me that in countries like China, US, Brazil etc
He apparently believed those were all just kept for decoration
Bonus: With those languages as basis it's also easier to learn Italian, Spanish, Dutch or Luxembourgian
Get some Belgian towels instead and swap them with them
UwU, step-German what are you doing
It would be more like Trump would somehow become the King of England, i.e.
If it was up to me I'd make Vienna the connecting station
Man that's something else
A Pfannkuchen is flat and not filled with anything
Please only directly link to sources.
This is not a drawing
Guess what kind of precipitation is kinda rare there (at least compared to other surrounding, higher mountains)
Remember back to the 90's, my father was 3 shift working in a mine and later in glass works, which meant I didn't see him at all on some school days and some days we had the whole day time
And in German, they literally translated "colored forms" it to "kolorierte Förmchen".
From my birth town it's Bear's creek, but nobody is sure if it's named after literally a bear or an noble named Pero (which is old high German for bear)
I really love doing weekend trips and theres only so much you can do and so far you can go for a weekend
it's not just the UK, I noticed this in most countries with left side traffic that people will generally walk on the left
heads of state that don't have a presidential system (like US, France, since recently Turkey) could *all* be translated as "prime minister"
^ that describes it pretty well
Couldn't find that model either.
And supporting Trump is good thing
I certainly love all of you :)
Sometimes I also ask my friends „what‘s ..... in german
Oh and finally, would it make sense to carry decoy wallets with less cash/cards in them
A big divide in Austria but also in Germany is the way you give certain times of a day
&#x200B;
That makes games of "spot the German" always incredibly easy ;)
For reference, you can find small snow patches at
The cities, the places and the technology (like Bagger 288) have always fascinated me
I don't know a single person who likes to cook, everybody I know is eating no breakfast or something cold, eats lunch at work and then eats bread for dinner at home
Milliarde = 10^9  = 1 000 000 000
AFAIK the name in germanic and oldgerman were propageted in this times and went very fast out of fashion after it.
:D And yeah, maybe we do wear Dirndls and Steieranzüge/Lederhosen more often than other federal states (even though I refuse to believe that Salzburg or Tyrol isn‘t up there with us), but I think they aren‘t that unusual to be seen wearing in other federal states (Vienna maybe, but I personally have seen some people just go around with it in the city
It hurt itself in its confusion
It's sometimes jokingly referred to as 'ottacrime'
They get 1 million visitors a year, which means around 2700 visitors a day
Yes but it's not like you can't afford a car anymore
You have no aunt or friend or neighbour who cooks like
I mean, you might not be that used to that stuff and be quite amazed, are you
Man, i cant find it but i am halfway sure that some south korean Politican on visit, said something like “Germany should consider itself lucky that it doesnt have to endure the pain of a divided nation“ in front of the Bundestag
I think I like how Vienna does it
5 degrees can be warm with the right amount of humidity and no wind
Gonna need a source on that, buddy
Cultural i guess, Germans aren't freaking out when a politican holds a speech.
france and germany against the rest
Outside of Vienna I'd expect an Erdgeschoss and then first floor
They did
" At least in German they translated it to "Haus des Geldes" which I can get on board with, even if it loses some of it with only being "house of money
I get about 150 mails a day, and 90% of them are sent over business servers with the company's domain name as adress
It is common to sing the English version however
Since most of the people ther spoke Slovenian they quickly found out that they went on a march and got lost in the mountains and somehow ended up here
Nobody has anything against this, and people would even be happy to see that you're so in touch with where you came from (and what you *think* it means to come from there)
I don‘t have much information about degrees in any other kind of engineering other than the basics
Because we eat Schnitzelsemmeln on trips too
The FLNC
In that case I'd advise to take a few things off your list.
Criminal is criminal
However I do mouth off strangers sometimes
>The problem is American culture
But from what I've heard it's not that easy doing that in Austria
I'd also suggest Siegfried because he is the most masculine and most famous hero of the continental Germanic mythology.
Defense of property, not always
I tried them twice
You have to understand the difference between culture and history
One more thing I want to add is "sich ausgehen", which is a super practical expression with the meaning of "to suffice". It's not used (sometimes not even understood) in Germany, and while it wouldn't get me in a tight situation, I often struggle trying to replace it with other words because it's so common here, for anything from resources ("der Einkauf geht sich mit einem Zehner aus" - our shopping will be below 10 euros), to space ("geht sich das im Kofferraum aus" - will that fit in the trunk), to time ("der frührere Zug geht sich aus" - we'll make the earlier train)
Did everybody belong automatically to the local clan?
1) it's good to have a reality check for your romantic views on other countries
It said „liberal“ before he edited it
Sadly there's no subtitles and sadly the other episodes are not online
Then in 1974 Greek militia tried to overthrow the government and join Greece
Poland and Hungary think the system works well
France is in a bit of a weird place at the moment, but I can't imagine the writing utensil winning.
I don't think there was a picture of the president or a coat of arms in my Gymnasium classroom.
> Kleine Zeitung
came here for this comment
Has all the Wiener Linien connections
Song of the Volga Boatmen too, to mention another memorable and well-known Russian folk song
I rather also be seen as Nazi
At least you don't get called Nazi all the time...
After the war he lost his work permit and lived in poverty with his family
Food
Yet stuff like childcare, maternal leave, etc.
"Willkommen Österreich", the first season paroded an older same named TV-show but they changed into a satirical late night show after that.
It's true
That would be my mom
Maybe if you just got a job (especially when you get your first job) then somebody might ask you „And how much do you get
Mostly anglo "history bros" and smug Germans
10 KV 361 by W.A. Mozart is one of them but I would answer with Mozart pieces in general
Doesnt matter, we are used to it
- the dead terrorist was 20 years old, born in north macedonia and did have the austrian and macedonia citizenship
Maybe it is because in the Austrian variant of German, we also tend to do "lazy" g's like in Spanish ("In Austrian German, intervocalic /b, d, ɡ/ can be lenited to fricatives [β, ð, ɣ]" conf
It's just that there are tons of countries I'm much more interested in
Netherlands - Holland (colloquial)
Mass immigration from Eastern Europe shall not be questions but Muslims are literally the devil
fuck
I give NAWAFL (northen austria with a funny language) the approval to call the northern part of the kingdom of hungary upper hungary
Not a German, but an Austrian
The french call then "pomme de terre" which means apple from the earth
cat is melting
Do you speak another dialect or do you speak standard German
Its perverse that we live in a society that can be so extremely lavish with their most basic supplies
His friend and commander died on impact
i've never seen one, maybe there are some in bratislava
"Years with female head of state".
Croatia and, to a lesser degree, Poland
tbh pikant is used in *exactly* that way, with the meaning of "opposite of sweet".
I live in bangkok for around 1/2 year and the amount of people who complain about their newly chosen / forced upon them home is staggering
What happens to your savings if you devalue the currency?
Germans have their own ugly stupid language and the example given is a prime example on why its stupid
You must be in another time line because in mine nothing has changed in North Korea and it is still the private playground of one dynamic family and continues to be so until 2070 when Nero Jong Il burns down Pyongyang and finally gets killed by the palast guard.
Switzerland is already seat of all those highly corrupt organizations hosting those events
And no offense, but personally, I don't like the average Italian's sense of fashion at all
It may not be decided by politicans but the decision is going to be more about shaping the EU and less about strict interpretation of the law.
wait
Jokes about death are always a burner
Instead people have horizontally opening windows and exterior shutters
What value was Crimea or Eastern Ukraine or Syria?
Even before toasting it
) Either way, at this point it's not an Empire, not in an Empire and it's not really the noteworthy farthest east of anything in particular either as far as I know
Ive actually been in Slovenia just yesterday and had a great time :) apart from the unfortunately not that good prekmurska gibanica
Eastern Saxony it is
The „Constitution Court“ VfGH, Verfassungsgerichtshof
I guess thats what i prefer
I enjoy my nation's culture immensely, don't get me wrong, but I do feel more connected to the Union and Europe as a whole.
we call it denglisch
We remove translate.google.com from the submissions because it kinda nukes all our other automod rules and we want to drive traffic to the actual site, however we heavily encourage submission of a link to the translation in the comments.
A walk along Vienna Donakanal is a good way to see contemprary graffity - because spaying is legal here, people can take the time to make something nice.
Well I mean, sLOVEnia has love in it
Basically anywhere that isn't Vienna, a but less so in the other bigger cities
But it's true, sometimes I can't take Swiss German seriously because of that
Dunno about the rest of the country
There is one scene where she speak with her father, who is played by a German actor
My least favorite is portuguese
There was no sign of the Ottoman forces, but the hussars came across a group of Romani people, who offered to sell schnapps to the weary soldiers
Albait I drove some cars with automatic, from horrible old 4 gears to smooth modern one, I'm too used to the stick, it's always odd for me
"sorry, we didn't know your aircraft was supposed to be invisible"
Yeah, let's just Habsburg 'em and make them speak German
France doesn't come close to the internal power Germany has in the EU
Yes, Notre Dame is amongst the most famous, but Europe as a whole has more than enough giant stone cathedrals left
Hopefully both
(Source sacher
I'd hope the country wises up before then
Because these few toilets in city centres are overrun by filthy tourists and need to be cleaned more often.
Same here
I think I read something about nutella being less sweet in Italy than in Germany (or was it the other way round?).
so many dialects i don't understand at all
I'm already incredibly annoyed at the telemarketers that are actual humans calling me
** and by that I mean dark sourdough rye bread, none of that fluffy stuff or toast bread (we don't even call that bread; just *toast*. it's not bread if your teeth don't get a workout eating it
So basically what everybody else did
Everywhere they go they expect that people speak their language because they are so important.
There is this thing called the Alps.
I also like JanaKlar
I never got to know my great grandmather she died before I was born, so I knew that only from stories
You’re exceptionally gifted
The name *Ostarrîchi* (Austria) has been in use since 996 AD when it was a margravate of the Duchy of Bavaria and from 1156 an independent duchy (later archduchy) of the Holy Roman Empire of the German Nation
They still had baby wipes
Back then the postal service and railroad (owned by the state) were a pool for people who didn´t really want to work and still enjoy several benefits
Pretty much every lowsider will land you on your knees first
student of mine is second generation Turk and really identifies as a German
Pfütze = lockn
"Geirrt!", sprach der Igel (und stieg von der Klobürste).
If you ask about my national identity I'd say that I consider myself both Italian and German but more than anything I identify with being European
"I meant manufactured in Japan of course, not that Made in China crap!"
I'm never able to decide between a Sachertorte and an [Apfelstrudel] they're both so great :(
Tell me again about the great police work after New Years Eve and how many of the victims from that night found at least some justice with their perpetrators sitting in jail right now.
It can be used in basically every situation
Es tut mir echt leid, aber ich verstehe nur Bahnhof
I have endless amounts of fun encounters with (mostly) Americans
If I want emotionally touching words, I go read poetry (and I normally don't, because I find the whole concept kinda cringy)
-also some people consider it as gay if a boy has an iPhone (It‘s Austria, people are conservative in a really weird way)
Depends on who you say our leader is
The atrocities of the Austro-Hungarian army in Serbia seem to be almost entirely unknown nowadays
Which are each known for their particularly different dialects
That's you keep a secret
When the Kurz-Strache government announced to reduce the influence of the chambers I had to chuckle because I knew he had no real chance against the ÖVP leaders in the chambers
I loved the story with the thumbsucker
That's not so much leaving out (except the renn instead of rennen) but more of a lazy enunciation.
Enough said
I don't know anyone who doesn't speak in dialect, people who speak standard german here get joked about
What I personally love to prepare for myself is a sandwich which is built like this:
Yeah, but those aren't necessarily libyans.
the
I once watched a BBC production where they used that melody to introduce the Rhineland and I was utterly outraged and finally understood cultural appropriation - it's not German goddammit
That tells you a lot how they feel about the country they choose to live in.
Maybe I‘m in the wrong part or I just don‘t go to Merkur often enough /: (My Merkur in my region closed and now I gotta drive to the next big city to go to Merkur)
Specifically because of dem Germans
Can also double as a nice view and relaxing spot for its occupants
As strange as it may sound, austria isn't just one big mountain as some seem to think
Disdributing then makes it just much more bearable.
Greetings :)
Not typing the dots/adding the e will sound as wrong, as if you had written any other wrong vowel instead.
After Rome and Lignano, they might remember Pisa or Bologna or Naples
I don't like speaking Standard German.
Especially Italy, since it was the very heart of it
TL, DR: *TV and Radio* are dominated by public broadcaster ORF, and they provide high quality programming.
How have 0% of english people not heard of Austria and Poland, and 2% don't know what Germany is
I looked through the comments and we use almost every single word down there too
not english native - i really thought "laid off" was like getting buried
Yes same in Vienna
Like the World Wars
I would accept Anschluss if that means I can vote for Die Partei
And don't even get me started on those Belter scum.
And idk I like the concept of not dying
Tell him the Dutch are big fans of Trump, really big fans
I dont think this fits too well here, but there we go...
Here in Europe, or at as far as I've seen, being patriotic is considered to be completely natural - as in, pretty much everyone is attached more to their country than any other identity.
Golatschen, Palatschinken, Kukuruz, Murken, Kren, Marille (might be Croatian though), Datschi
AEIOU
You are supposed to make eye contact while you are saying "Cheers" (or whatever)
Austro-Fascism
And this is where my agreement with Mr Kurz ends.
" - Reminds me of George Bush
I'm pretty sure a lot of brits would be happy to join for some more stability since that weird brexit thing threw everything into chaos over there
(English translation at the bottom)
We had right wing populism before it was cool.
I'm still quite unsure, aren't there cases where it is necessary because of medical reasons
Probably some Viennese magistrate office.
[I love Platt]
Terrible
Sadly that's what I think will happen, because that was an open act of War without a declaration of war
Die Heimat ruft
Only because he forgot to mention he served for the SA and may or may not participated in some war crimes
Whaat, no sausage stand
Well, I don't really mind the barriers
K.u.k. is an adjective/prefix applied to various things, not an informal name for the Country
I did a two night stopover on my way to Australia
But the alps, dude
For regions, probably yes
The [inside of the library] looks like a spaceship
The vultures might get sick you know
By public transport
Schinsch schreima in insrigm dialekt mitnand.
Not leaving any is a form showing you were not satisfied.
That feels
Thanks
Be proud of your homecountry in the country you fled to...
You are 31 and it was not mandatroy in high school for you
We still have those sirens
That we were the first victim of Nazi Germany
I live in the nice, clean ond town district so it's great but I'm sure I wouldn't like it that much if i lived further away from the Landstraße.
As a consequence, the "establishment" gets blamed and FPÖ gets elected.
I think it makes absolutely no sense in regard to its primary intention but the matter of the fact is there's so many young men out there who up to that point in their lives have never learned the meaning of discipline and as far as that is concerned I think you can come out of this a better man and therefore a better member of our society.
Well you got like 90% of the most dangerous animals so let's call it even
I'm pretty Sure the Curriculum changed since I've went to school, I was pretty sad that we learned so little about the celts, a bit about Hallstatt culture
But it's not like in Istanbul, where I even had green light and still couldn't cross safely
Glorious days of Kuk monarchy are over, although I have the impression that Austria is still a link between the eastern , the southern and western Europe, economicly and cultural
Following that, the very principle of having an official language will be dropped because it won't be workable any more
>middle aged men from central/eastern Europe
German: H like the first to letters in 'hard' together
Donald "the Orange" Trump would call it a bad deal and it is one as Denmark has withered to the smallest size its ever been since its inception
I watch German and Austrian news (TV, newspaper) regarding news in these countries.
That's pretty much what you asked for, sans the local instruments
Some people use it, either in original form or pellets, but for most people wood stoves are a nice extra they put into their living rooms for that extra cozyness in winter
They don't care about conciliatory gestures like that, they want to have their own views vindicated, whether true or not
I think it's a beautiful-sounding, fascinating language which I have a personal emotional attachment to, as my grandfather is from Hungary and I'm kind of a Austria-Hungary fanboy
Well, yes and no
The city is beautiful, full of history and amazing for the services it offers
A lot of people have insufficient knowledge in day-to-day topics
Yeah but it doesn't help that you got the choice between good service which is bad for the driver or bad service which is "good" for the driver
It is not officially connected to the state, but some well known politicians are members of one of them
!remindme 1 year
I can hardly understand it so I think it can count as it's own language
Then be stuck in traffic for an eternity because snow causes a chaos on the streets
I don't see the problem with that.
I mean austrians would finally own a beach again
Kann man fragen warum du dich als Liechtensteiner ausgibts
I learned most of my Spanish expressions from my girlfriend, so that's what inadvertently had to happen
Maybe things have changed in the meantime, but when I was caught with some weed at Schiphol about 5 years ago, the young security guard just laughed and pointed towards a waste bin.
I presume that the too prefer not to be at this place anymore.
Now it turns out it's not the guy.
for example, I've often missed a direct english equivalent for being *gespannt* ("anxious to find out sth")
(he just gained enough votes to win some seats in Parliament, partly due to this)
And some smaller austrian metal bands that I really like are Küenring, Venator and Dead Knowledge
It's not a part of the greenhouse effect as long as new trees are replacing the ones that were cut
There's also jobs that aren't classic 9-5/5 days a week like farmers, nurses, etc
" and "How do I stop scratching my butt
I've been on a different Greek island for the last 13 years every summer
Paradeiser is correct and always will be, fight me
I really missed the water quality of Vienna
Underfinanced, undertrained, underequipped and more than anything undermotivated
Rich people deserve to be rich, because they worked hard for it !1!1!
The quality of these movies is usually very high and it's often nominated for international film festivals.
Special mention goes to Basque, which sometimes has a certain German feel to it (because of the tz tx (tsch) and k sounds), but in the next moment sounds completely out of this world
and don't you dare trying to run away...
[Fabio Wibmer] for sure
Nonsense
Oh we never got actually drunk at work (tipsy on Friday afternoon maybe
The US stopped being a reliable ally for at least the coming 4 years.
Heilige Scheiße!
Nope
Both the French and Italian anthem fill me with pride for a country I’m not even a citizen of
I took the train there, which was mostly fine, except that DB missed a connection, but I could take the next train without much problems
Older men where the group of people that gave Hofer the fewest votes out of all male age groups.
Yes, there are a couple in my city
Bosna
I feel they did a good job there; apart from that there's a few dubs that actually improve on the original, Kungfu Hustle comes to mind ("Ich will n Stracciatella"), as well as Leslie Nielsen and Bud Spencer/Terence Hill movies, where they add a few jokes that were obviously the result of ad-libbing, and even if it doesn't give you 100% of the original movie experience, those types of movies often fit the additional silliness
The Ottoman empire was a transcontinental empire controlling most of southeastern Europe, Northern Africa and Western Asia
And the remains of an amphitheatre
Thanks for taking care of that before they get even further south
Wieso hab ich davon noch nie was gehört
Ireland: you make some of the most beautiful music ever
Valtola	IT
Trst is in **A**u**s**tr**ia** now.
Really hope you do, we worry about y'all
China wanted an example and Blizzard gave it to them for that sweet sweet chinese mobile market money
I still laughed
The only exception is that I know no good translation of the word "Datenträger", so I use that as a loanword in code (as "datentraeger")
Right
Oh, wie ist das schön!
Padva	FI
Ridiculous in a more tragic way, maybe, but I think the way we lost the democratic first Republic might be a good more "recent" contender
Next up: Germany where the two biggerst parties are led by Merkel and Schulz, a former President of the EU Parliament
A tiny itty bit of access
Shared a condo in a dorm with an exchange student from South Korea during my first year.
No Markus
You can use every East-Asian nationality instead of Korea
What could a very small (due to the WWI peace contract) army have done against a much bigger country, who had rearmed for years?
Let me tell you, it's not encouraged
What is the number of Turskish gastarbeiter and Chinese   gastarbeiter  in Germany ?
Most Likely [Dornbirn]
Here I can buy 0,5l of low quality beer for 0,6 - 0,8€ in a supermarket, given there's no special offer
They are supposed to be British but have run out of tea
Nobody was using that terminology at the time, so it's attributed to him.
Yep, we did that in primary school as well.
And that is a really difficult question to answer, since there's legitimate evidence and arguments for both yes and no
" - "that's nice and warm too
(And was surprised, we where not as as giddy and astonished about it, as she was)
They give me the creeps everytime I see them
you should add austria as forearms and hands
Many would say Germany, but a 100% no
I haven't looked it up, but from memory, he looks average-sized in pictures
Because in 1945 the Austria we know today, the second republic of Austria, came to life
In vielen Fällen wird der Umlaut ü durch den in der steirischen Sprache ohnehin viel gebrauchten Vokal i ersetzt
Personally I'm not mad that there are still methods that don't depend on smart phones (I still know many Seniors who don't own one) or involve ones every move (potentially) being tracked with every swipe of a card
It's so fitting that of all the months in the year Gay Christmas is in May
" would not be acceptable
If not they're cracking down before you can say Kasperl
Just like in Vienna
I'll try it tomorrow but I'm pretty sure the knife is easier
Ferlacher Guns are known world wide
This was 1993-1995
Tokyo, Kyoto, Osaka, Yokohama, Susuka, Toyota, Kobe, Nagasaki, Hiroshima, Fukushima
There are a number of quite distinctive dialects which technically are all but a couple variations of bavarian or low German as I think it's called
There is a common attribute used for viennese: "großkopfert" or "big headed". Since more than a hundred years some critics referred to Vienna as the "wasserkopf von Österreich" literally meaning "hydrocephalus" since it was already big for the capital of hapsburg empire
They used to have a store in London, but I think it didn't go that well
In Austria, you can have a bit of cranberry sauce with it
This might not be 100% accurate
The situation was made worse when officers, in an attempt to restore order, shouted, "Halt
An unusually high tally coming out a tad slowly isn't as shocking as the same happening with a huge molesting mob IMO.
Didn't you also move from one of the poorest countries in western Europe to one with the highest PPP ?
Recently somebody told me that they're naming their son Cornelius
That's bad
I know a "mexican" place in Vienna that is completely staffed by Asians, which really makes it look odd.
The world headquarter of Red Bull is in Austria, in [this Bond-villainesque complex] in Salzburg, owned by [this Bond villian]
"Die Magd" definitively isn't neutral, though diminuitives always are and "das Mädchen" (which is the currently preferred translation for "the girl") thus is
Not Belgian or Swiss, but I met an Italian guy in London who was surprised to learn that Austrians spoke German
" - Allegedly Thomas Bernhard
Sneering at Prussians is pretty much MO in Bavaria.
Maybe being a charismatic presenter of talking points?
Mountain kraut, lol
I dialect or imprecise speech it is commonly used though: "Was hat dir der Lehrer heute gelernt
It was planned to raze tthe whole fortress with the clock tower, but the people of Graz paid a ransom/bribe that the tower would be left alone
Hochdeutsch ü,
However hopefully we all will help together to rebuild it as beautiful as it once was
Now I'm not talking about the bastardisations in Vienna that cater to tourists and are 5 or 10 times as expensive, those (while not necessarily bad in quality) have very little to do with it all
you can simply say
germany is in central europe, look at the times zones
On the contrary, austrians are getting f*cking pissed
Der Führer steht doch sicher auf der rechten Seite!
To be honest, I don't think many people care about Trump
Even as a joke that's pretty *yikes* IMO
I am absolutely pro social-state politics and helping people in need
I'm a student in civil engineering specialised in drinking and sewage water, and I've only learned about the theoretical procedures if you find contaminants and not from real scenarios
According to this [website by the austrian government] there was a suggestion of the European council 1978 so apparently we were quite early
Don't take my comment too seriously, Austria also lost all its power, but it was a stab instead of a wasting away
Brave words for someone in crusading distance
One phrase that comes to mind would be "Es geht sich aus". Literally translated "It goes itself out". A sentence that initially confuses a lot of Germans that move to Austria
The second to last one, with the sausage, also exists slightly changed in german (at least in Austria)
People from other European countries seem to believe that Austria is a candidate.
In 1940 Denmark was occupied by Germany and Iceland was occupied by the British
In my two local supermarkets here in Vienna they restocked most stuff very quickly after the weekend and I think it helped a lot reduce any panic buying before the WE
Who needs to go to Russia when you impose border controls on our border?
I'd say they are roughly equal as has the draw in the first game shown
Spoilers: She didn't get the prince and the only way not to turn into sea phoam is to kill him which her sisters urges her to do
Luckily there's only one law in the whole country.
Austrian redditors act similarly whenever Schnitzel is brought up, and god beware if there's any sauce near that Schnitzel
it's been known for a while that the belief in deities and supernatural things comes from our primal instinct that was used to always keep us alert even when there were no wild animals around that our senses could detect.
I really dont give a shit
I mean some people in Austria actually say "quarter before" and "quarter after" but yeah, I get where you are coming from, but still "quarter to nine" can also be understood that we are a quarter hour along on the way to nine
It still seems weird to me that 52% vs 48% is even considered a decision, more than an indecision.
But with a real pizza
lmao why is the first sentence in your text book a robbery
Nobody should fear basic burglars, but home invasions are becoming more frequent in Europe too
You mean the part of Austria thats been most loyal to the House of Habsburg, who, you know, resided in ...
2 days in November, "real snow" is more common in January and February
Gymnasium and other schools like [HTL] [HAK] ect
I'd be a farmer
But there are also main dialects for every state, so 9
He and I both make the capital Z with a line and the lowercase z without
Ruins appetite for dinner and shifts dinner on a time way to late to properly digest to sleep well
The only bad one in Austria is "Herabwürdigung religiöser Lehren" aka.
Opinion Poll: What Austrians Think of Current Leaders
It's a thing in Austria too
Ein Klassiker
takes about 5 minutes after getting off the plane in helsinki to find a better looking woman (or even man?).
To put it into service without details leaking out.
In the case of Magic booster packs have explicit use in gameplay, Draft and Sealed rely on the booster pack consept
Company pays for the metro ticket or offers you a parking spot
Apple never reached the kind of market penetration it has in the US
my GF is from abroad and studies in Vienna
Even if its true and he was responsible
Only in recent years i’ve seen educated people proudly sticking to their own accents, but this is yet to be mirrored in the media
All the others were from today's Austria:
>the food is like German Food
Ein Jokus
Now the dutch can join the austrians at being forgotten again until the next election!
Wasn't she a remainer
decades ago they would have supported the left wing parties.
GET TO THA CHOPPA, OMAR'S COMING!
Could be much worse
Mulatschag (Hungarian origin, from ' mulatság'=revelry) = revelry
Also the food quality seems to be better in Austria
The first few days without facebook, Insta and Whatsapp would be rough ngl, but it would be interesting which alternatives would arise
they produced the same amount as the drank
Also doch
If you want to sell something be upfront about it and a 'no' means 'no'.
(Edit: looking through my Maturazeitung for pictures of our classroom and from what I see there really seems to be neither)
if we didn't regain the old lands we would be even smaller than now D:
What does science have to do with politics?
His successor Theodor Körner was born 1873 in Újszőny bei Komorn (now part of Komárom) in Hungary, then Austria-Hungary
The one were drunk people try to pull each other over a table and beat each other other while wearing a Krampus costume, or the regular thing where drunk people only beat each other up in Krampus costumes
Deal
Mit freundlichen Grüßen
* sense (Sense = scythe)
My grandma has central heating with oil and a big woodstove that heats the livingroom, kitchen and dining room
In contrast, Ea stern Europe means the portion of orthodox Europe under Byzantine influence that was only marginally impacted by the Ottoman Empire and hardly transformed by it
Adolf somehow fell out of favour and Theodor or Alois is not so common anymore
Locals act accordingly to the customs you're used to.
It's worse when your family from other parts of the country tells you these "stories" about the city you live in
Thankfully, when I rent a hotel room or an AirBNB, I always got to take my shoes off :)
Because Canada is not part of the EU and has different standards and procedures in some areas as well as close ties to the US economy which is a shit show in itself.
It's a bit of a paradoxical bitch but you need to be in a German speaking country to learn it effectively but you need it to be able to move there.
Austria has had a long history and many changes
Between mountains with very important  trade routs going through it + the Donau going quite literally through Vienna
Look at them - most look perfectly fine
No tourists
i have the feeling there is an oldest person alive per country
It deliberately shows the whole Island of Cyprus underneath an olive branch to promote peace and unity between the Greek and Turkish population.
We usually just powerwash them
Or do you expect of them to take the time stopping to give a total stranger a dishonest answer?
That's the same as lie/lay and sit/set, isn't it
He lived in Nanjing (formerly written as Nanking) during the Invasion of the Japanese army, which would be later known as "Rape of Nanjing". Before the massacres started, he, along with 14 foreign nationals (americans and europeans), formed the "International Committee for the Nanking Safety Zone" and created the Nanking Safety Zone to provide Chinese refugees with food and shelter from the impending Japanese slaughter
Ich brauch Freiheit, ich geh auf Reisen
when it's coverd in snow yes, when the streets are full of brown sludge not so...
Sometimes they come to close to the edge while grazing or slip and fall
Nobody in Austria would say that
I have the experience that women are very private about it but once you are pregnant everything changes and women don't talk about anything else anymore with you
It's almost like they agreed to such spending targets 15 years ago.
Unlike in the US where immigrants actually look up to the country and want to be American.
Federation
That's exactly my opinion as well
Which is normal
With those shitty oven-ready pizzas, sure, I'll slather whatever shit I can find in my fridge on those bad boys
Austria co-produced some childrens anime with Germany and Japan,
Damn, ÖBB have stepped up their game
Like a litre of milk, bread, meat, etc.?
Well, the voters in one big European nation already fired them, several others will follow soon if this continues and the entire project will die.
the first step to independence.
But thinking back to my first time drinking hot chocolate with marshmallows I had the same feeling
Cordula Grün in Austria
When I suspect one of those (i.e. it is a land line) I usually don't even say hello and just wait
altough people like to shit on it, the appearance system here is quite good to teach young people who don't want or able for higher education.
Surprisingly I couldn't find any either
Related: The annual Quality of Living study done by Mercer is pretty popular here, because Vienna keeps finishing 1st worldwide.
Honestly, I've lost count and overview of our current scandals
So since people want to stay away from that nobody even cares to find out more about individual countries
Okay, this is not gonna be as strange as the other comments, but we have the DAÖ, a party that was created because a few politicians thought it was unfair for another politician to get kicked out of his party for being corrupt, so they created the DAÖ.
[Unsuprisingly alot] which alligns with the emphasis on things like wide-available orgainc meat and vegetables, local (regional) products, the popularity of having your own vegetable garden, the tons of country cooking magazines and books, that you couldn't buy a single cube of yeast for weeks while quarantaine, because everyone was baking like galore
If you view it like that yes you are right
If people try to tell you you should watch Muttertag - it's a classic, but the migrumpies are waay better and waay less dependent on your ability to understand the Austrian dialect
Me too, happened while I was alone in self-isolation in the UK
I'm not saying, that America should make an universal millitary service or that they should steal the chilled culture, but they maybe should reevaluate what can they actually do better without saying "in Switzerland it works too so we can have our guns wherever and whenever you want". Even in Switzerland, nobody is wearing guns
Interior Minister is just being interviewed and he confirmed it is a terror attack with multiple attackers and multiple people dead already
I think I kinda get the joke but I had to do sone thinking lol.
You can only standardize regulations and build multi-system locomotives for certain routes
In North Tyrol we like them atleast, don't know about how the other parts of Austria feel though.
Is it common to drink tap water in your country
Hi, thank you for your contribution, but this submission has been removed because it doesn't use a credible source.
I thought we were fed up with them?
Temperature isn't a good indicator on that
I have never heard of any single person who would have travelled from Vienna to Lake constance to go on swimming vacations there
In Austria, Pariser mostly means someone from Paris, or this sausage
Or is it just the implied violence that makes victims cooperate
No idea what you're talking about, m8.
You don't even need Spanish language with that
It might, if you "infect" others with it
Everyone is on the same page, really
Additional reservation in mandatory in Italy even if you have the unlimited pass (I think its around 10€).
And by not having to pay an employee they probably still make money on this, even though some people might just take water without paying for it
By the time we were finished with our food the restaurant was flooded with little kids and their parents
I only say as it is, when you talk about "Die Rechten" in German politics it's usually implied you mean far/alt-right.
You can continue to add stuff, still does not change the truth
We really got into it and really acted it out
The bread & stuff is pure trash, you can actually tell that they are selling products that used the cheapest flour, fruits & vegetables are also meh
Seriously why *is* it there
distant
That would give me goosebumps too but only because of sheer horror and dismay.
Seeing some of the uppity Brits in here, my first thought is "fuck them", too.
Vienna, in my current district, a 50sqm apartment seems to be the best you could get
Of all things (Trump, Brexit and Wilders now coming) she has the lowest chances of them all, But sure lets bet just for the sake of it since i m bored, if le Pen wins i get reddit Gold if someone else wins i will reddit gold you?
It was so obviously staged that it's even ridiculous that so many are believing it
Just google or image search "Vienna/Salzburg Christmas (market)" and see if it's for you.
Mohnflessal ghean ohne Soiz
] It was a mascot for a tobacco company called Casablanca and created by the famous  caricaturist(or cartoonist, whatever) Manfred Deix
I also think that it is unfair to compare big brands to small, local ones
Barely
"sm art"?
Totally understand, didn't know that that fucked up neoliberalism hit Scotland so much harder than the rest of UK
Anything involving road trips
I always trip up when I want to talk about the time between maybe 9-10 and 12 in a work setting, no it's not morning anymore dammit, it's already Vormittag
Which residential areas are you talking about?
Except for the TV
Sorry I don't understand what you saying
but they would still have to put you through to the relevant emergency service, no
Good old Zensursula
Same here in southern Sweden :(
Definitely a place though to meet up with the local crime scene, as it's also sometimes depicted
I just entered "ATM" in Google Maps on their phone and they were amazed by that
&#x200B;
I had both
First you exported them to us then you didn't take em back
You really don't get the point, do you?
I don't know how many winners there were, or how many interested facilities in the first place though
That's why I asked if you actually pronounce "Verstecken" as intended
How is that obvious
As a regular tourist its horrible
I'm not saying that we need to kill off people or anything - THAT would be fucked up.
I once broke into my own apartment after locking myself out
And thinking about the second part of the question, a list of more things I actually like to physically *bring* on my travels (and excluding basic things like electronics, standard clothes or toiletries because that's gonna be the same for everybody anyway), I can think of the following:
But even with the northern part it's more like a "frienemy" relationship today than actual hate
low German
But it needs to get off the shelves, otherwise you would have to lower the price with the storages filling up with kraut
En entire animal of some sort in my trunk as I assume this is some sort of apocalypse simulation
Not to be a pedant, but it's spelled gorilla marketing
I dont think thats something you recover fron
And I also don't think I should have any authority to decide whether people should gain citizenship in my country or not - after all I've just been born into it
Yes
We have a handfull of ~~nsdap~~ fpö members who could do the job
The whole UK gets relocated to Spain
For upper class Americans that have great benefits through their job (especially if they own a business or firm) there's a lot of benefits and it's much better than most EU systems.
I didnt say I had a problem with it :D
same
If we can't understand them -> Vorarlberg, if they bark -> Styrian, if they are grumpy and look like they have no hope in their lives -> Viennese.
Also the political culture and freedom of the press are basically nonexistent in China
The other guy (played by the great August Diehl) is completely aware of the situation from the very beginning
Also we have a green president
This reminds me of how the inhabitants of my village knew when there was an english boarding school on a ski trip: after they came home from skiing, hoards of teens would roam trough the streets wearing t-shirts and shorts
Not all, but some (depends on the fraternity).
> but I'm not aware of handles installed outside a front door
Außerdem, Quark vergessen (Topfen haßt des
There were some interesting, the referendun about the conscription is the most recent.
The fact that it's pretty much a consensus among Americans that the USA is the greatest country on earth when it's clearly not the case
it's easier to come to the country and get the money there when needed
Most of Germany's "unique" traits and behaviourisms like that are shared by Austria I think
Not Kartoffel, it's Topfen, not Quark and it's Schlagobers, not Sahne
In my experience, it's like the society has shifted into 2 groups - people who cook and those who don't, very much like people who read and those who don't.
yup, my grandmother is dutch and it took me a few years to realize that having these calendars isn't normal in austria
How so
Pretty terrible winter considering at this time last year we had over a meter and a half of snow on the ground
Also lots of Celtic and Roman stuff
Some of the damn best recipes ever
Records on why and how this custom started where lost in time, but people are really enjoying the ferris wheel and kids are eager to craft yellow papermashe wigs
I encounter people like the above only about once per month inside the actual trains
Nope, Salzburg is a liked state
Thats unheard of, in most European countries
Could be difficult to say if there were several countries, though.
Theres an incident on the frontline which may have been the inspiration for this in a report to the Austrian court occuring on the 23
the off center union jack is r/mildlyinfuriating
And EVERYBODY needs water, food, and safety
Someone send them a note that we are indipendent from Bavaria since 1156.
But everybody who owns a pair of skis probably knows them
Known as „Habsburger Heiratspolitik“. Their motto was „war may do the others - you, oh lucky Austria, marry
Comes down to your preference
Earliest memory I have of being read books to is of Pixie picture books, János, and Little Frederick.
Lastly, you discuss with the mindset that competition is going to be present, access to entering the market is easy, and that the competition itself is fair.
[It's built like a fortress] and stands on a hill, [commanding the entire inner city] You could literally shoot 19th century artillery directly into the city from there
The mass balance for up/down is not equal.
All of Woody Allen's "European movies" are just long chains of American clichés, and the protagonists are always unbearably snobbish and stuck up upper class Americans from the Upper East side or whatever, who can't deal with the "passion" of their European counterparts
Slovakia's economy is coming along well
Imma tell the Spaniards that they'll have new jobs soon enough.
Even though I'm not sure if I would agree with his politics.
The Turkish diaspora is a mighty fine culinary ambassador
This chart makes my head hurt
And of course doing a numerical rating of qualification on a quarter-percent scale is completely bonkers (i.e. this rating is an accurate measure of the candidate's aptitude for fitting in the rating system, which probably has some kind of correlation with the candidate's aptitude to do the job in question)
Go find some other way to talk about those times of the day ... 24h clock face, "noon", "midnight", whatever ...
Soidadma vielleicht a ändan hiatzt wo ma kane Deitschn mehr san.
Unpopular opinion: if we manage to qualify for our first world cup since 1998 I definitely want us to play
No it's not
There's nothing subtle about the racism here.
[Something like this] is technically fine.
Do those people tend to be Slovak Slovaks or Slovak Hungarians
- Gottfried Küssel lives there
In a world of nukes and dwindling natural resources global unity is inevitable.
And Hitler, while born in Austria, considered himself German, rejected his Austrian citizenship, and his whole career was based in Germany
Technically yes, but Germany's government is more right leaning than ours.
But still some people seem to be tought that this is the appropriate word to use
A saint he aint
However, they are super proud of being Austrians and of their food and nature and traditions, which for me as a Spaniard is a bit confusing because I am not used to that sense of belonging
I mean we lead a country that called itself holy ROMAN EMPIRE for one or two years
The Nazis considered to rename the city to Adolfburg, but then the whole business with the war came in the way
One issue with my grandmothers bidet might have been, that it was a seperat thing
So the reason why our money is spent on those small coins is so that we can be tricked into spending more money
&#x200B;
Then there's the theory that Jörg Haider didn't die in a drunk driving accident, but it was a conspiracy by Mossad/CIA/German BND/George Soros/(((the Jews)))
and Munich
Maybe that will happen I don't know can't look into the future
Not so common
'Germans', yet again, they've disregarded every other german speaking country.
So right now, he would not be very popular.
same in austria "so you are basically bavaria, right
Feel ya
Da wäre es wirklich spannend, ob das von den nc-flüchtling-heimkehrern mitgebracht wurde, oder mehr das "exotisch- importiert" und urlaubsgefühl dazu beigetragen hat
lol
Shouldn't trust, it's better to ask locals outside the hotel
Dude you have some serious problems.
There's definitely some reservations
100% went to HTL
It really doesn't though when it comes to economic sucess.
otherwise those are just rumours what people might have seen or heard and not knows facts
It's not actually Erasmus outside of Europe, that's an EU/EEA program
i don't know what you are trying to tell me
We're still kinda figuring out what schedules works best, but so far I'd consider it a positive change
But yeah many were happy about it
without any problems on apple devices
> The scenery is mostly Austrian
there are hares and deers in my garden every odd day, I have to fix the fence...
Wow I never even noticed
1km) residential building in the world
Every 2 weeks someone asks where to buy weed or how to best circumvent drug law in the local subreddit.
Wappler oida
Damn I miss that city
* The "correct" order of letters for words like "meter"
The people
Pölten only boring amd not ugly
People commuting into a city center that is its own statistical area is always going to produce those artifacts.
Serenade No
Besides that
Some even have their own lakes on plots full of fish they just chill at on a nice summers day with beers.
Posing with/popping the Nazi salute "for fun" or for a picture
Vive la France
my wife is from Bavaria, but she lives hire since her childhood, so it's cheating.
- Nationalsocialism
The bread roll is called Kaisersemmel
In Austria, you can get a lengthy discussion about food and how to prepare it properly, with a concentration on two topics: Salads and dumplings
I think the British always thought of themselves as separate (maybe even superior?) from the "continentals", their European identity was never very strong.
get the corporate super-PAC money out of politics.
What about they pay where the restaurants are?
Thats from austria
Traffic Planing and Management usually sucks, the city centers are not made for Car Traffic
"Germany is the stupid big brother, we're sooo much better than him".
I would not say that this applies everywhere
It's either a superpower bashing a 3rd world country or internal conflicts that remained limited in scope compared to WWII.
I can relate to that
Army, corps, division, brigade, regiment, battalion, company, platoon, fire team.
When you look at r/okoidawappler and r/aeiou you'll find the expected memes about Austrian politicians and celebrities (like [this one] which is a play on our presidents name Van der Bellen and a soft drink called Fanta) but also memes about fictional characters from different TV shows, books or ads, like Tom Turbo, Kasperl and Baumaxerl
* Daniel Svarowski (Name pretty unknown but the brand Svarowski is quite known)
Yes we should save them and help them, but they need to go back.
Here in Vienna older (steel) road bikes seem to be a bit popular
Where is French useful though?
Big oof
They also don't give up those drinks during pregnancy, so you can imagine how their kids behave.
Nobody in Austria would say that
Diaphragm ... ok, that's just a tough muscle, nothing wrong iwth that
That's more than enough for a little country like Austria.
Just taking German Österreich is a bit hard and has an Umlaut
Depending on where you go you might have some trouble dealing with the fact that you will miss out on having the burden of crippling student loan debt on your back.
Why I'm not a patriot is probably because I don't feel any kind of superiority because I'm Austrian.
This is unfortunate
Nastola	FI
Was soll das
There is just more room here
fuck I completely forgot about that :(
CK II, either Vikings or one of the Spanish Kingdoms
Not love but nostalgia
At least when talking to family&friends
My class teacher back then was an english and history teacher so she quite often taught history in english
That figure is probably even higher today
Beautifully said
I don't think I would change anything
Personally I like ther Berlins and Viennas of the world if that makes sense.
Well, right now your country is all over our news due your president claiming us to be of the Ewok race, but also with exploding trees
>I realize I apparently have a strong aversion against those two cities
The way some farmers treat "Häuslleut" is more akin to nobles treating their lessers than anything else
Depends a lot on the countries
Just goes to show how many people live in their own little bubble and project this view on all who look the same.
You can do as many as you want
Vaccinations are great
I do too, North Sea Empire sounds way more epic than England and Norway
Though, switzerland has good public transport and trains, so it also makes sense
We have a HUGE variety of different sorts with the Sachertorte being the most famous one
Nynorsk is the prefered language these days because Bokmal is a remnant from the filthy Danes?
However we didnt encounter too many people further up and most of the italians looked more like tourists than hikers tbh, so i guess thats it
On the 12th of March 1938 Wehrmacht and German police took control of Austria, with people cheering them on in the streets
Do you have non-FKK saunas in Germany
Hot: 30C+
Was there just last summer and a pack of 20 is like 6€ that's actually cheap compared to many other countries
Don't bring up [white numbers/letters on a black background] It's still a sore point for us Austrians filled with nostalgia and not wanting to let go
At night, 17°. 15° and below would be cold, if I'm not moving around
**One in two Mosque Associations in Graz are radical, says Austrian police.**
Even more opportunities to complain
Open air museum Stübing (old farm buildings)
I said I cook a lot and you assumed I must love it then :)
The article text doesn't fit the posted map at all.
And she is hella smart
And not the fun consensual kind
No intention of going back
Sauce is disgusting
Now back to topic lol - Division in Austria - I know that my part was inhabited by the brits
But there are cases where we need to rely on a feeling/guess or don't know it at all
In Austria, MPs have called each other "peasant twerp", "the one with a behavioural disorder", "lousy creature" or - my favorite-:
Note that Austria does not really have tax breaks for married families that would significantly shift the numbers here.
There are indeed quite some people who can't leave or enter Turkey: journalists, academics,...
No its the other way around, tarrifs are obvious, a new FTA (which ofc could be in place at the second you left) is a choice.
Could you elaborate on what you mean by that
Personally, I don't really know what to think of the green surge in countries around Europe but let's see what they are made of
Of course more people know Falco outside of Austria
The plumber needs to park somewhere, so does the Amazon driver
When talking about the continent you'd use "North America", "South America" or "American Continent".
„Schappen“
It is known for its Baroque architecture, art, and manuscripts
Makes perfectly sense, does it?
People would rather hire random Caucasian people that are tall and blonde, and while their English isn't horrible, it's not at a native level either, and they definitely don't have a language teacher education
And combined with an 's' beforehand you get the [Eszett or 'ß']
That is entirely possible
The south was US occupied
Some supermarkets have started limiting iceberg lettuce sales per person - to three.
Second of all, what swiss people are doing happens, happened and will always happen all over the world - just on different levels
Would she be ok with the additional work that comes with renting out a flat?
But since there is also a leberkas pepi in linz I don't think I would ever even think about going to KFC
Yeah but it doesn't help that you got the choice between good service which is bad for the driver or bad service which is "good" for the driver
People don't forget who you are
we write them like »this«, not like « this »
Ahhh, I mixed it up in my mind with a completely different book series
Wage: 3
Some of my hobbies from America just are not possible here as of now
I had the same issue, until someone told me "Queue" is just "Q" with "ueue" waiting line
Ha I got a better one for English speakers: poison & venom = gift ;)
We will soon be at ~2000 cases per day
Well I guess only Südtirol yes, whole Italy definitely not
With 2 EU citizenships their votes count twice when it come to people sitting in the European Council (which is more a theoretical issue, but still)
C'mon people, it looks horrible and it is not that hard
Guten Tag, ich heiße Johann, es freut mich Sie kennenzulernen
I mean I get it, it's Finlind so these temperatures are far from normal and they aren't used to it, but for the rest of the world, we laugh at that temperature
When you hear somebody speak it in an other part of Austria or in general hearing German
I really regret that I'll never know what he actually thought
Thats basicly the most austrian thing ever and i am surprised it only happened once
~~Who pours sauce onto Schnitzel~~
You know they are serious because they used a butter knife.
For Austria:
And we all have winter tyres on our cars (they are mandatory for these road conditions)
True, and at home you speak Portuguese.
As a person with a technical degree from Uni (which is what OP seems to be asking), saving 400€ per month is not much
Definetly Josef for the boys and maybie Maria for the girls
We are a major tourism country in Europe.
before, it was a thing only in some coastal areas
> they follow no logical pattern
For Austrian history Hugo Portisch (a recently deceased journalist) made a very good summary of Austrian history in the 20th century)
I'm from Austria and can understand almost every single word (for me it's like swiss German).
I don't really know anything special about the occupation
„I put in so much effort and get nothing in return
Paris, you good
My boyfriend and I went on a roadtrip to the Netherlands a few years ago and we loved every second of it
Hi, here are the mods, we checked the credentials the OP.
sweet dishes as the main dish
Because that's what's south of Bavaria
*Dschohn mäid his wäi tu ä täwan zru de dark forest, onli tu feind aut dät hie vorgott* ^(I like how you changed the f to a v, so it resembles "vergessen" more closely) *de manni*
If you initiate a normal conversation, and it then turns out you want to sell me something that would be considered rude by me.
I'll eat the tentacles off of any cephalopod you serve me and i love octopus the most
Meanwhile, I had no idea about most of my more distant relatives and many of the closer ones lived many kms away
Well, thats like i felt 2 years ago
Morning just feels too early, like something between 6 an 9 am maybe
But the alps, dude
All the time
So did everyone living in a certain clan area bear the same surname?
Wait, what
Then, I started watching more and more english-speaking non-csgo youtubers video and (at age around 16) more english netflix series
I know lots of Spanish people who think Barcelona has become too overcrowded recently, and prefer Madrid becasue of that
Opa was an arms dealer for Steyr back in the day
Someone gave a shit about Brexit I assume?
Russia is behind the legitimate government of Syria in a "civil" war with a shitload of foreign fighters funded und equipped by many Western countries, which is a stonewall violation of international law.
If you find a job abroad they might be able to help you move too
It's just the colour, reimagine it it would have a red brick front and then it's good
true nobility comes not from being better than others but from being better than your past self
And by folders, do you mean those loose-leaf binders to collect printouts in
> It became a tradition among some people here to bring in West Sahara children over for summer holidays every year
I can't judge it very well, because of course like most others I've learned it passively over the years
Maybe it will get more attention once it's considered "fully developed" in most people's minds
You don't necessarily have to invest into different indices to achieve diversification.
Someone like yoouuuuuuu
Nice Irony
Again with exceptions like Greenland)
from British Isles, I often have to strain my ears
Damn that's interesting, you seem to know more about that region and time
Oh yeah, Wels too
(now casualties go into thousands)
Wait why would a europhile call the brexit a treason?
Also, as every teenager I was really into music, and wanted to understand what my favourite bands were singing about - that helped me gather lots of new vocab
Too bad this led Riga to become one of the sex tourism capitals in Europe in the last decade :(
Tabloids vs Reality - Dispelling EU myths
Germany was lobbying for the demands to be unfulfillable
And the excessive use of "eh" is not common in northern Germany neither I think
hey, Austrian chiming in, I like your idea!
I guess it depends if you are in a bigger city or in the rural areas
And the Rubik cube
I was born and raised in a small village in South Tyrol, a formerly Austrian region in northern Italy
As an Austrian: Well, we have a kind of love hate relationship with our eternal enemy
Neither Graz nor Linz sounds particularly good to me
so man is Britain loosing all its colonies or what
Only the southern and western parts
so much this
still, it makes no sense to say it when you dont mean it
> We have an airport without a flight plan that is just barely in use and fund it with 8 million Euros ...
Figl and Renner drinking Molotov under the table might have happened, like in their free time or whatever, but it hadn't to do anything with the state treaty and the end of the occupation
They definietly are opposed to any form of nuclear energry
I think their program is rather self explanatory
As it stands I am leaning more towards Munich as that is what I think of when I think of Germany!
Yeah, didn't really mean it as anything other than a critic of the title!
The bosses get expensive cars and big houses.
But when spoken there is no chance of misunderstanding as the first meaning has its emphasis on UM the latter on FAHREN
I would just say "Auf Wiederschauen". Tschüss is ok when coming from a German though, then it is not considered rude
I would have voted for Trump if I were american.
also, i think we are at the verge to get one universal language, since we are all using the internet, where everybody can talk to everyone in english
Edit: Sorry didn’t see the K.
We had a lot of bloody knuckles at that time
I don't think European countries are particularly divided over the settlements specifically.
All improvements that will go into this from a technology point of view if someone is willing to invest into it, will also benefit areas where solar panels are already a better choice: like rooftops.
Averages are pretty meaningless, especially if it does not consider population distribution
Vienna had CS/VF governors
Anyway I hope that Austria and other neutral countires will face the fact that neutrality does not realy exist and that military integration is the way to go.
ofc I‘m joking, thought the /s would be obsolete, you failed me once again reddit
History gets rewritten all the friggin time
Its nice you can read allemanic, but I have had a lot of trouble with it
We "go sex"
However, Hofer has announced he'd use those powers
then again it is probably easier to find some kind of medical condition that makes you unfit instead of staying abroad for more than a decade (you'll have to serve until you are 35 here).
She was easily the most stupid teacher I ever had, and that says a lot, because I had maybe 3 actually capable teachers in my entire Austrian middle and high school career
Perfect crowns every time
but none of the candidates wants to make Austro-Hungary great again :'( /s for the crying smiley
I personally don't really see ideas of the authoritarian left (ie the marxist leninists) in the lefty parties of Europe though
@germany and @russia can we partition that one again
Am I Irish because those ethics were put into me by my father
Alexander van der Bellen 1944, Vienna
Just imagine all the chaos in Aldi
Summs up the Austrian experience, apart from tipping - 5-10% would be expected, if everything was ok.
So the reason why our money is spent on those small coins is so that we can be tricked into spending more money
On the newspaper in international it‘s almost daily
We need a translator (or several) without leaving the country
Costa Rica and SEA, might be different for other areas mind you
I'm not sure but I think he may have gotten it for his actions during the Gran Sasso Raid
Whst century are you living in
(4) there are no capital gains taxes
It *was* part of Germany
You saw it coming ...
don't worry, totally unthinkable here as well
These cities evolved together
Even then it can get crowded
I wanted to slap that kid right then and there
fuck you Germany
Austro-Fascism
I just prefer using the standard when giving more generally meant examples like this
In Austria a politician can call union people male genitalia and the speaker doesn't even react
Nothing, it's not even about the jews, Israel just doesn't get an exception.
Its of course something you'll find on your salary
STS in general have a ton of great songs and translated covers
That's gotta count for something
Ich spring in *Singapur* in das kalte Wasser
There is no other words to describe it
Translated it means livercheese, but it contains neither liver nor cheese
Valenzia
[Like this]
Stand on the left side of an escalator
On the other hand - we now have the option to say on a Friday afternoon "I have nothing to do this weekend, fuck it I'm going to see Warsaw" without any kind of planning
Most we learned about the Austrian Empire was in context of how various Habsburg monarchs affected Austria itself
I would say in theory with a bit of a smaller apartment and more frugal lifestyle, 1k would be possible
now italy will share the same faith.
He decided this name will be the official name in international relations
After exams sometimes a "Maturastreich" is done
He had the opinion that German "Elf(e)" is a loanword from English "elf", while "Elb" is closer to the "original" Germanic "Alb" (e.g. Albtraum), which makes it sound more authentic in German
They were declared illegal before the attempted coup, if I remember it right in 1933 when there was an terror act traced back to them, but rhey were made legal again before the Anschluss, at least through the Berchtesgadener Abkommen when Schuschnigg and Hitler met in person, but yeah that was pretty close to the Anschluss
This resonates with me
Like it or not (looking at you UK).
I replied to somebody from Finland if the flair is right
It is a lot easier to learn if you speak it daily.
And the ÖVP denied it as well
Again, I'm FOR banning it
I quite literally live on one
I feel like people complain a lot about English loanwords
feeling at least somewhat insulted when you get called German is rather universal
Against the Austrian constitution then (as well as the reason Austria even was allowed to exist by amongst others the UK).
- Pez (the candy)
That hurt a little bit to be honest
The Republic of Austria (AKA "Austria") is a successor to both the Archduchy of Austria as well as the Prince-Archbishopric of Salzburg
You must promise to to tell anyone but [^^birds ^^aren't ^^real]
Why keep a conflict within your borders?
sounds all very reasonable tbh
Also we call small pickled herring "Russen"
Are you kidding me, half past 10?
With internal id you can get legit passport to travel to EU.
I'm pretty sure the strawberry lime is just cider made from apples with flavoring or brewed from a mix of strawberries and apples but not strawberries alone.
In the football stadium and other sport events.
I see very little personal attacks against religious people on this sub
And GDR Prisoners in the 70s.
If it's to large for a trailer i let it deliver by a flatbed
I'm sorry, I don't speak wrong
So people get confused
With every one of the 'gents lifting their hats I imagine them saying a hearty "G'day, sir
Else it's mostly smaller animals that dare to run around in the village
[Not surprising in a world, where Pepsi once had the 6th largest navy that included 17 submarines, a cruiser, a frigate, and a destroyer
I would say not having a general strike and bigger insurrection in 1934
So you could just disallow him to show up without breaking your legal system.
There was a hiking trip in maybe grade 7, but all I can remember is watching Scream on the bus, and some vague things about building a shelter in the woods and doing some team building exercises
Digesting only slows down, doesn't it?
The power in the national council remains unchanged, leading to the most impotent gov in the 2nd republic
And in fact Johnson had an opinion about the referendum it was (and I quote) : “The Catalonian referendum is a matter for the Spanish govt & people
Croquetas are life
Grias eich
I always liked the fact their abbreviation is what it is
Dein Beitrag: unnecessary
What did he steal, a car
Do you have any source for that?
looks rather drafty
000) is an industrial and production hub in Austria
I fainly remember that there was "fire" too, but don't remember the rules of it - 5 would be a valid set, like ...lizard-spock proved.
Europeans, with which regions do you identify yourselves with?
and that was a lie
But you just punch in/copy&paste the digits in you online banking
Well since the krampus is an alpine thing I'd say our hate for EVERY NATION in the whole world
And they are able to speak standard German when its necessary.
Still not anywhere close to American levels
So T-Mobile from Denmark must pay T-Mobile from Italy and what?
No, its --4-20
Aussa die Tepf, heit gibt's Nudeln
Taking the first numbers that come up in Google - Germany has a gdp of 3
But i dont recommend to pay 50gbp for this
Together with bread (Semmel) it's our standard lunch meal
Southern Austria, I felt it lying in bed
Vorarlberg - the whole country is speaking bavarian dialect, Vorarlberg is speaking allemanic
In some places, it looks like someone has emptied a giant garbage bag over the hills
For some reason, y'all seem to use that word in the wrong context a lot
But you don't need a technician to do it
Not the one you ask, but as an Austrian myself, I find that many people around here think quite fondly of Arnie
We're happy to receive any Kina-saying refugees from the weird Ch Germans who obviously must be sick in some way
&#x200B;
I assume you are talking about undergrads/not employed
The best Austrian skier Marcel Hirscher is as famous as you can get in Austria.
Austro-Hungarian flag is pretty nice I think, tho without Hungary it would be very pointless
*Steyr
There were 1,975 murder cases per 100.000 inhabitants from 2007 to 2009.
When I was taught about in school I only had the vaguest (and wrong, as it turns out) notion on what it looked like and how it worked
Because it will just not do one essential thing, that takes 5 seconds to implement/code, because the main dev religiously does not believe in it
You misunderstand what a visa is:
That's funny coming from a Dutch flair.
Either about 12 minutes by metro or half an hour by tram, I prefer the latter if it gets really crowded on the metro
[There‘s actually a website] where you can see all of the museums in Austria
You should expect to touch not even a dime of this money for 10 or 15 or even 20 years
If you call everyone near your house your neighbore:
Not my country, but the only place I‘ve ever seen flat toasters is Denmark
But these stereotypes exist and some people believe them
Not sure
6 billion EUR festival venue
org or dict
but German speakers *do* have a language-related idiom (Spanish, just like the Balkans and Hungary) - we just happen to also have the railway station one
I think flat land is better for wind turbines, if the placement of ours is anything to go by.
"sm art"?
Oh and depending on the party, alcohol debt can partially also be paid in food (something like noodle salad, cakes or hummus dips)
The same exists for greetings
Have the Austrians in charge
But you can find them all over Europe
Always works, and their faces make my day
Public viewing means here a public broadcasting (mostly sports)
A transfer union is necessary for an integrated economic bloc like the Eurozone, however I (and basically every other observer of EU politics) currently finds it highly unlikely to push forward such further integration for the foreseeable future
My country might not have been the most succesful one in wars
Not as bad as an Austrian local politician greeting our most well-known soccer player of the national team in english though
This is how facism begins
Sellen toaschn sein des, wos manen de wea si sein?
Tatsächlich
interesting - is it some sort of rose-flavourd jam or something different
I'm the only Austrian I know who cheers for Germany when Austria inevitably fails at football
The hard-on for German jokes on /r/Austria and /r/aeiou are mostly just a Reddit thing
Quiet, Swiss backyard boy
Probably Graz or Innsbruck
There was also a good amount of religious opposition to the Nazi regime
See you also think you are clever by quipping but you're falling into the same trap he did
Is there any issue this would even solve?!
The worst part though is that I and my friends used to sing that in elementary school, fun times
"Has", which means a rabbit or bunny
afaik "Tschechei" was used for Czechoslovakia, seeing how its a mixture of "Tschechien" and "Slovakei"
No country could have possibly paid the reparations that were asked of Germany due to Versailles
At least they got some etiquette
New homes
Especially now that people shop online more and less in the neighbourhood, the need for space for logistics cars will increase
I disagree with banning smoking, I even did when I wasn't a smoker.
Noone is 100% it really happened this way
It was ruled to be appropiate self defence, because the defendant announced that he was armed and the intruder still tried to open the door
[Link]
Maths doesn't care what you call 10^9, it doesn't change based on what you call it
He also had to secure his lands against internal dissension, and as such reduced the fortress of [Melk] that was still controlled by supporters of the old margrave Burkhard, and subsequently made it his new residence
As a former sales woman I would never ever want to work on Sunday
fuck, that was my first thought after I read the post title
¡Me kago en los clabes del kristo
yeah i reckon there are not that many areas where 400k can't at least get you 60-70sqm, unless you want some luxuries like a balcony or a garage, then you'll be passing that number fast
(They also had 7 years of coalition from 2000-2007
-sent from my Telefon
The difference is huge
Bip per capita of selected european countries
Vienna is a great place overall, and also has a very rich Jewish history
You can only ever expect there to be subtle movements and Merkel is thinking extremely long term.
You won't find miles of untouched nature in Austria
Put Apricot in the middle of the disk and form dough into a ball around it
to not touch the handles, even without a pandemic raging I rather not touch the handles if I can avoid it
Also yeah kids are stupid and break their stuff all the time so they have no business having a 1000€ iPhone
I m not military expert either.
Umgekehrt haben thesaurierende Fonds natürlich den Vorteil, dass das Geld automatisch wieder investiert wird und keine Transaktionsgebühren anfallen.
What's the Google thing called where they try to have calls sound as human as possible
why is it that Austrians feel generally closer to Bavaria than the rest of Germany?
Sure, it's nothing like the Empire it used to be 150 or 200 years ago.
The UK never belonged in the EU, and that is fine, but BJ also should not force the UK into some deal with the US
brb, need to listen to the Radetzky march
And if Germans ask me to pronounce Oachkatzlschwoaf (Squirreltail - Eichhörnchenschweif) I ask them how they would pronounce it first
No it's not
Btw, I know this is totally weird: but I really had the "luck" of getting the worst food in Barcelona
native German; didn't understand one thing
One perpetrator is supposed to be dead, one arrested
They‘re great
How can you have droughts, if your country is below the sea
you don't need to say that to me
Can we please finally make this thing useful by turning it into the first pan-European university
Actually, I find this way more reasonable than the other way around.
) and Swiss-German (which has probably just as many different dialects)
Well I guess if I'm already at it, Spanish would be cool too
Anyways *I* definitely won't have to exchange my money!
Is that true, or a joke
Its a blatant scapegoat play by Erdogan who wishes for nothing more than Kurds, ideally the PKK personally, retaliating on turkish soil
And then there is basically Brazil with no ties at all
Ski resorts probably
It's been a while since I've traveled in Europe, but the Eurrail ticket is pretty much valid for all trains, except high speed.
Where-from comest thou
I postet it for the first time yesterday on r/Austria and added 2 more maps for r/europe
So the world stopped formerly declaring wars in recent times and in the US only formal war has to be sanctioned by the us
But even with the northern part it's more like a "frienemy" relationship today than actual hate
You are spot on with the etymology btw
Now her second brother probably had it the worst of them all
I think the Amish are actually the one very good example where you can honestly say the USA grants more Freedom than Europe.
I am absolutely pro social-state politics and helping people in need
You can get a country flair in the sidebar to the right
I called my mum for the recipe last week <3
Wiener Neustadt-founded via ransom money
Europe doesn't need more whiny bitches who can't handle a vote not going their way.
And of course vorarlberger are the worst at differentiating eastern dialekts, most of them think i am styrian even though i am not barking at all
I loved standing in line for another hour due to that
Wouldn´t the more German answer be: "Why the hell do you knock at this time of the day
Even the motor traffic is a breeze compared to many other, even smaller places I know (although the Viennese would beg to differ)
Recently went to Norway and actually quite a lot of people spoke German and even at a museum the descriptions were in Norwegian, English and German
Sadly Vavda shows a pattern of alligning with [alt-right] [talking points] and [people]
city-wide there's difficulties for traffic, parking space, and I guess also things like building sewage systems and subways, high maintenance cost of cobblestone roads, but these are things that you'd normally not really notice as a normal citizen (only indirectly through longer time for construction projects etc)
every month
Well done you marvelous Homo-Nazis
Or "Gigerizpatschen"
Also, it tastes amazing and is the best
Has Northern Ireland finally legalised it too
They are also very well organised but not as tight as Germans I would say
In terms of indices, the best I could find was [STOXX Total Market Index] but there is no ETF tracking the index that I am aware of.
Isn't duct tape just one specific type of tape
It isn't that hard believe when you know what he normal says or does
Turkey has changed significantly to the worse in the last 10 years and the close proximity to ISIS is not helping.
capish
Yeah it is not the pay to that clerk to get a permit or to that one to process your paperwork in time corruption
having three or four beers over the evening and thinking that's not really drinking, apparently
So it is a fun mix
Cost are 365€ per year for the whole city (Bus, Tramways and Metro/Underground) (!! I THINK, I COULDN'T FIND THE ACTUAL PRICES but that is what I remember !!)
The Habsburg family was in power from 1278 up until 1918.
In rural places in Austria, yes
Lessons learned
Sorry, but this is too fake
Yes, yes I have
Do our chancellor was like "we won't double our payments, forget that"
As the president is elected directly at least half of the people should be ok with that
GOTT ERHALTE FRANZ, DEN KAISER
This is just too authoritatian
* [Here's another one even out in the snow]
But an immigrant is not a broken window.
ÖVP | **5** | 0 | 0
(also in 20th century paintings they are depicted as nude woman in the sea)
Burkhard was part of a failed uprising against [Otto II] and deposed of in 976
Around here I never heard of scissors
That most of the attackers are in fact second generation should be even more concerning and should be even more reason to be more careful about immigration since we obviously have trouble integrating people.
It's as safe a city as any
Please specify right away which coffee you'd like
We start a world war
Yes those voters that want to save and fight for Europe are the danger
Where decency and good style go to die
Neither terrorists nor criminals used those kind of weapons
The other side: Everything bad in this fucked up world
I‘ve heard of Thomas Brenzina once in my life, and that‘s because my german friends talked about him
I'd imagine the germans are the biggest population by far, maybe even up to 80-90%.
Why should they not be European?
Honestly, I think the German approach is better, since they probably knew it from the get go that you can't control it anyway.
As little kids, we sometimes got referred to as „kleine scheisserl“ (little shitlings)
The Joe Biden everyone can see and hear on video, or the bubble deniers like you are living in
Europe is home to everyone who decides that Europe is their home
Thanks :)
Open the beer with another beer
I live in Strasbourg now, and I was initially surprised that Alsace would be yellow when I always thought it was part of the "Blue Banana", but thinking about it isn't the wealthiest of regions
" to each other :D
According to documents Ostarrichi was first mentioned int 996
Die Politiker in Österreich sind erst in dieser Not wirkliche Demokraten geworden
I even heard something about a severed pig's head in front of the principal's office (yeah it was a rural area)
Question: How rampant is corruption in small things over there
It's really awkward to us
Graswander-Hainz | SPÖ | 542 | **pro**
We have groups of kids dressed up as the three kings going from house to house, to sing songs and collect money for charity.
I can't even remember how I learned about it, I'm just very interested in Red Vienna
60 	g 	Butter
Primary and middle schools will still be open, just not in class
It's commonplace where I'm from (OÖ)
As much as it pains me to say, his myth is only a part of the communist rewriting of the national history from the time they needed heroes to base their national pride on
He is not allowed to vote but also doesn’t have to spend 6 months in the Army like other male citizens
Plus, especially for things that are not just used by one (sub)dialect group, like this, I feel it makes sense to use standard as a way to "generalise". I know that the Burgenländer I live close to wouldn't pronounce it the same, for example, but they do use the phrase too
Some guests/good friends attempt to kidnap the bride with the groom not noticing, taking her to one bar/place to drink, dance and sing
Kinda
Since when are people only allowed to get irritated by stuff that affects them
Oh man yeah, that was a thing
That whole "stranger danger" is mostly media induced mass hysteria
Dazu zählten natürlich auch Österreich und die Schweiz plus andere Gebiete mit autochthoner deutscher Bevölkerung.
Obviously you haven't read Portuguese and then heard a native speaker read it out aloud.
Everyone considers him Austrian besides him being from Bonn
Can we actually list Kurz here
A roof, windows, and stone walls?
I wouldn't even know where to look for those
Backpacking through India, and drug parties in Goa,...
I loved his tales, even though I knew he made up most of it.
Wasn't the end scene in Grindelwald supposed to be in austria
There was only the concept of the House of Austria which subsumed the population under the ruling dynasty
Die Nibelungen (Novelle)
Basic stuff like directions, basic information and the like is very common.
(in a surprised way)
Donde esta el zapataria
"\[...\]  to secure the deal recently promised by Trump and Ursula von der Leyen, the European Commission president
The attacks in Köln were talked about the day after
And for Austria I will always say Tiergarten Schönbrunn, the worlds oldest zoo
It's the youtube channel of the German show that Jan Böhmermann is part of, so it likely is the one that will air at Willkommen Österreich.
Now you can add one more thing on your to do list when you go to Romania
i was kind of shocked to say the least :D
Welp, time for Americans to make fun of us for a change
Ferror is italian but the german branch of it made Kinder
Switzerland/Norway/Iceland/Australia/New Zealand
By far
The Greek region I call "Mazedonien, the Greek region".
Well, you'd have to ask Ukraine why they did it:
[Fucking]
True
Additionally the child is not a bastard as long as it is born after the wedding
Sea-moose is kind of better than shame-us
Also from Vienna
Never seen an Austrian ID in real life before
Pretty amusing
People helt parades in the street when Hitler's car drove through their town on his way to Vienna
Good question
Just in case you weren't joking while asking that question ;)
The path is also made of light grey gravel, and not red dirt
Ois ist mitnichten gleich in allen Dialekten
We call them Frankfurter
(eg [norwegian] God dag (?) - Guten Tag)
You forgot 1918, the dissolution of the monarchy and foundation of the 1st republic
ach ihr wisst was ich mein
There is a nice book by a German born comedian who describes how he moved to Vienna
**„example“**
Lmao, some of you need some education
This is the kind of thing grandmothers fight about, it depends on what you want your dough/apricot ratio to be
You got it
The way I usually hear people phrase it (me included) is that they're glad to be Austrian, rather than proud
Hungarian guy: perfectly says the german version
nice
Putin has a very old fashioned imperial way imperial way of thinking.
it's all a huge tax evasion scam and normal people can't find apartments to rent anymore because it's all used for what's basically illegal hotels now
I've repeatedly heard and read that
I got nothing
Giurgiu / Ruse Pyce
Unfortunately I couldn't find a free link to watch it
Also, then you are talking from a very individual experience, because in my social circle (VERY big family, located all over Lower Austria, Upper Austria, Tyrol and Vienna) as well among my work peers (medical field) and my friends and aquaintances, average is the standard and advanced at least a hobby
Breaking the streak for the first time
That was in Sheffield, and she was fairly young
I don't know of any broker that operates in all of the EU.
Europe (There's the discussion regarding Eurasia in some school books
Austria is a democratic Republic
I don't mind the downvotes, just informing you of the general vibe of this subreddit here.
I certainly wouldn't spend precious vacation time standing in line for it
Yes, I can, then again I've always had an ear for languages.
In the end everybody will have to benefit from it.
I can see all the French and demi-French smiling in nuclear (Sweden and Slovakia too)
- Speaking of which, the "Krawatte" comes from a people called "Krawodn", which is a dialect term for "Kroaten", i.e. Croatians
Sometimes I see a well dressed Italian, nice suit and everything, cool glasses, but then he wears like, neon-green gucci-shoes or shit like that
[One "special" lion]
Then you'll be notified by your water provider and they are obliged to fix the problem as soon as possible
Well you're wrong
He stepped out of active politics a while back, the president in Austria does not have much direct influence on climate policies.
Do you feel at home in Germany
I originally had Fucking in the Tourism-map
This trend has been going on for a few years already
raises all kinds of questions about proof of authorship and the like
Which for me personally is super important for my mental health
I guess many people just tend to stay in the area they live in, because nobody likes to spend a lot of time in a car
Oh, and [this] is a Lavoir
Mostly it's music without vocals, or vocals in languages I don't understand, or tuning out the lyrics I *could* understand
I thought the Austrian tolls and stuff (I know the French are) were for all users not just foreign users but if they're just for foreign users then I'm opposed to those as well but I'm approaching this from a tourist perspective where I'll be spending a bucket load in fuel and sales tax if I'm there.
# Rainhard Fendrich - I am from Austria
But is it the ideas fault or is the fault of its executors?
but my culture is also different from these nationalists - in my culture its a bad thing - why should their values be more important than mine?
It is brutal, but don’t worry, the air conditioning is cracked to Eskimo literally everywhere so you for sure get sick when you come home
Yes, society and state would benefit from a legalization
You should read up on the real story of Rapunzel
Only people in this area talk similar to him
I said sorry and handed him another twenty and he switched it out again, but this time I saw it
literally countries like Greece.
So I just happily mix
The truly unthinkable thing would be if the trafiken closed and people couldn't buy smokes anymore
Those countries are closer to most of Austria in culture/mentality than basically all of Germany besides Bavaria
The thing that most people remember though is the "Energy Protection Ring".
No, we'd need to send industry to the moon, it has ressources.
I really don’t get it
Why do those 'X of Europe' chains always have to get out of hand?
I never do this haha
I want to go hiking there next year.
Austria seems to be an in between of Germany and Switzerland
When you go to orf.at (Austrias biggest news site) you can't find anything about your election.
Linz isn't that far away from Czechia, so it should be fairly easy to get it to Czechia
Which is why noble titles are officially banned in Austria still today
>How can I travel to Europe without annoying the locals
No hard feelings
Letting an austrian painter move to germany
^^Disclaimer: ^^I ^^got ^^Wehraboos ^^from ^^a ^^german ^^subreddit ^^- ^^so ^^don't ^^give ^^me ^^the ^^credit ^^for ^^it
Instead of side wheels
If you have weed on you in prague and the police sees you, they wish you a nice day
Say the elevator is full for example, you can say „Das geht sich nicht mehr aus, I’ll take the stairs
> Unless we're talking speeds over gigabit copper is fine from the basement to your apartmen
It's phrased in a particular way so that if a member state says "no money for you, publisher, I want the creator to get it all", that's ok
Is it the only real form of skiing?
Warum nicht gleich "Böhmen & Mähren"?
And don't get me even started on the hairstyles
I would personally, for myself, say 2°
The guy hasn't even done anything and you're already acting like a little bitch.
yes, I might need more than one word to fully convey the meaning, but no, it *can* be translated
Pretty sure english is one of the youngest languages
And Wels is the pinnacle of that area
What do you call them if not racists and bigots
I am *very* serious about making generalizations based on stereotypes
Especially because he is usually doing better with postal votes.
Jo eh, bast eh so :)
The reason Hitler identified himself as German and not Austrian was that he lived in one of the border regions we obtained from the Bavarians just 50 years before his birth
How can the opposition obstruct if the vote just needs 50%+1 which the government always had
Neither was slave trade and the Netherlands.
change my mind
Then what survives will be as close to the original as possible.
I guess you could take it to the Red Bull Ring in Styria (Grand Prix of Austria) where one turn costs €42.
Their target group believed every ridiculous spin on such news stories so far and most of them are older, so may not even know what a hard drive is
With the ID i think it is mandatory to have it with you but in realty no one ever checked for it, so its not a big deal if you don't have it with you
[this is our president last summer]
What was the reason for calling it "Czech Republic" in some languages in the first place?
This is invalid
I enjoy my lifestyle here
Why are we letting those who are denied roam freely though?
Often homeless people try to sleep in a railway station, depending on local population this might be more or less discouraged by the operators of the places (from just shooing out everyone without a big backpack up to closing the doors and also making sure nobody camps in front of the building).
Yes, i can
:D Even their beer
Haven't seen it in a shower I think
They have big problems to understand it.
But, just from grammar, are some sentences the english ones pretty similar
There are probably one or two bears in the whole country
The geographic term is well defined, but Balkan is more a cultural concept around here, associated with music, food, ethnicities, culture etc
They're not blocked by GDPR
For me it was George Orwell and Shakespeare (Animal Farm,  Romeo and Julie, Macbeth)
These are considered a great classic of Austrian/Viennese cuisine
I visited a university lecture by the CEO of that company
[Fucking in Austria]
It's not the greatest but a whole lot less work ;)
* Female deaths caused by smoking in 2016: 8
I'd like to see a credible source on that.
Of course I'd like a socialist society
Then you're absolutely, 100% fucked.
Fewer and fewer actually believe in the religion portrayed by churches and those who are left will die with their beliefs, no matter what the church is doing
Germans don't have freedom of speech.
It's "Blinker" in German as well
Also the lack of (mental) health care makes it even worse
So I'd consider that pretty much German
Oh absolutely
Just don't. Spend your money on food or museums instead
If one of my friends got a new job I do ask them how much they make, but I can’t imagine asking for instance my uncle or my godfather how much he makes
But still I think the various social systems (state benefits for kids, healthcare) would serve as a better benchmark.
Not really a breakdown but Covid coincided withebthe start of our new conservative/green coalition government
I think we're a little overrepresented (like, more comments than our size suggests) in the European subreddits
The South Tyrols in Italy have a different dialect too and I wouldn‘t be surprised if Liechtensteiners also all have different regions with different dialects, despite its size
> What
I even read a study which also mentioned a 80-90 year old man who eats 25 eggs daily for most of his life and his cholesterol was normal
Die Heim-ins-Reich-Motivation ist älter als der Nationalsozialismus
And while I don't hate Germans or Germany (pretty much the opposite actually) I don't see a reason why we should work more closely together just for the sake of speaking the same language
Rural-West Austria: Oachkatzlschwoaf
No offence, but Denmark still lost consistently for over 500 years since the Kalmar Union was dissolved in 1523 (guess in 3 years you can celebrate the fifth centenary beginning of the downfall)
I like coffee, I like complaining about everything and my humor is dark
Tapakapa
Kappel | FPÖ | 441 | abstained
Maybe if the owners really cheap out on the door
There will be a 90% chance of serious backstabbing.
I mean also who would object, the left was already suppressed and stayed quiet, the Nazi party was the only legal opposition of the autocratic ruling rightwing Christdemocrats and growing steadily in support since the economic crises
I've been at Praterstern about half a dozen times this year, just passing through.
Thanks for making him another Austrian people believe to be German, don't mind this one either :)
Depends on who you say our leader is
As far as Austria is concerned, Burgenland is its poorest part
What is a common thing on reddit that would never happen if reddit was Europe-only
We truly have inherited many great dishes from hungary
But then again we didnt even really cleanse actual still ideological Nazis acting as judges, professors and prosecutors postwar
hello,
can't wait
Looks cool though
Salzburg: tourism, culture
Austria might make sense for someone already established in Germany.
Later they found lots of stolen Rifles in his house.
It got to a point where emperor Josef II waa pushed off his horse
> Ostösterreich in dieser Definition umfasst 28,091 % der Fläche Österreichs (23
Skis also
In Austria I would say it is the so called "Freunderlwirtschaft" which means something like "friendship economy". Most of the solid job opportunities you only get if you have a good network of contacts
), youth organizations
I definitely don't want them here in Austria
The Romy Schneider Film was more of a culmination of everything that came before rather than a beginning of the hype
We take our responsibility as serious as you do
Oh I'm happy you liked it so much
I am not doing *it* unprotected ^^/s
Well maybe the Romanians should change that.
My favorite was *ALF*, but there was also *Roseanne*, *The Cosby Show*, *Married with Children*, *Knight Rider*, *MacGyver*, *The A-Team*, *The Waltons*, *Flipper*, *Wonder Years*, *The Addams Family*, and that [*Batman* TV series] from the 60s.
Fuigas
Same here, it's probably to give parents a bit of time to prepare, not everyone has a nanny waiting at home
My grandmother doesn't keep eggs in the fridge
Cracked me up
Or, specifically in Vienna, the [Ampelpärchen]
If people don't show up to vote, they don't have a right to complain about the result afterwards.
Since the CoE adopted a new logo, there should be no confusion.
I made elder flower gin just the other week, it's lovely with some orange
Also, we have unlimited paid sick leave which is apparently not standard in all countries
It's really good because we all profit from that trade.
Austrian nationalism basically consists of pretending to dislike/having a rivalry with Germany, and lamenting about the good old times.
We have to attend subjects that I am certain, we will never EVER think back to unless we are going in a very specific direction in our career
Yeah, they should have tried to unify them back when it was starting to gain traction
Didn't they get all the way to Poland
Norway: what can i say, you're probably best off of any country in the world
Was quite pretty actually
Servus, ich heiße Johann, es freut mich dich kennenzulernen
Viennese definitely aren't.
As always with questions that deal with both history and nations, this is kinda hard when you want to include some areas that aren't even "countries" right now but used to be back then (Bavaria, Salzburg, etc), as well as all ex crown dependencies
It also does not cover relationships where the partners are not living together.
I just think that nonsense words are an odd choice for a visual
Because they have been working there for a century?
Talking about Heidelberg, Unzer, formerly called Heidelpay
Through this we also have many Turks being described as Greeks when they were in the service of the empire and spoke the language (the emperors "greek" general who accompanied the crusading forces during the First crusade for example is suspected to be of Turkish origins, which may explain why Tancred and the other crusaders hated him so much)
Other than those first world problems i really can‘t complain except on pricing of real estate maybe
Ship posts have been annoying me too, along with other trends because i miss out news.
Indeed there was
Yes
Oh no
German austria (old bavaria)
Does u/porcupineporridge agree on this
[German version of wikipedia, name austria, not available in other languages for me]
( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
You think it's a glitch in the system, that should be overcome
Trieste became the by far most important harbour of one of the great powers and got very rich in the process.
Hot take: Bernd das Brot was peak millenial humour before being a "millenial" was a thing
Look Radetzky throughout his life refused to define himself ethnically and only ever identified himself as a soldier of the Empire
But then paper also wins against two things, so it's kinda even
Jaja que casualidad
For people from Vienna there's only "the city" and "the countryside". Since Innsbruck is not in Vienna, it therefor must be countryside and that clearly means the peasantry inhabits that place
It‘s not a tradition it‘s politeness and I guess kinda part of our culture that you say hello, wish them well or start a conversation with anybody you meet in any area (except cities or highly populated areas)
Even greener
you should be tortured forever
Don't goggle it
I think the main argument is that skyscrapers next to buildings like the Hofburg, Grazer Uhrturm, Hallstatt/Hallein or other historical buildings that are extremely old-style just doesn‘t look right
That’s not really true though
Literally: „Kluane“ –> „Kleine“ [Shorty, Tiny, Little One] in standard german
What city has AEIOU in its name
We took in 100.000 in one year.
I don't really feel like I'm being torn apart (I imagine that would hurt)
well we technically got occupied apparently, there should have been a democratic voting, about a connection of austria and germany, but hitler couldnt wait so long, so he drove the day before the voting happened to vienna and claimed it german territory
Cool
Why is noone talking about how red resembles Sultanate of Rum--Seljuk territory
Not using genetive in written academic German just sounds terrible and wrong
Its funny how countries who are benefiting so much from their EU membership hate on the union so much
So you cannot marry within the church, be a godparent, ...
Fleischknödeln aren't half as good as Hascheeknödeln
well it's called iceland, not snowland
" My apologies for not explaining this very well, but I'm a person who very much values sincerity and straightforwardness and I find myself feeling fundamentally suspicious of people who effect faux positivity
Vienna (1
Is it because of better management(seriously)?
So it is only 14 cents now
Nope in Russia you have to be in the closet.
Due to the fact that everything surrounding EU memberships (joining and leaving) is not a legal matter, but a political one.
Jebemti, jebemu ...
Also I love the "ch"  and "sch" sounds ( yes I like the way swiss people say it I like the soft "ch")
I think we all know what that means ladies and gents.
Honestly I only find the TH Nürnburg ugly from those
Good luck finding Austrians online (excluding reddit).
I'm listening to Spotify right now, never felt like bothering with Apple Music
Tell your mum to chill a little bit and just enjoy your trip.
A vote is held in parliament, it goes through 82 to 79
ÖVP: "austrian peoples party" center right conservative party
)* lobbyist was friends with multiple politicians
Oria	IT
Des hoit jo kana aus wia es Piefkes monchmoi daherredts.
going back to a religious Europe is the last thing we need
I have to say, they also make for a good Schnitzel
Euda was ist mit Österreich
there didn't seem to be any ambiguity as to where they are coming from (except Kukuruz, which listed Serbian and Czech as origins)
Interesting to hear this from a swiss person, I feel like something like this would be an EU-project (like the free roaming that was introduced relatively recently)
Lainzer Tiergarten/Zoo
Vienna is certainly an amazing city
In Austria it's pretty common in villages and farm houses
I wish I could forget St
Yes
Not to speak of the proto FPÖ members going all scotfree
One of my grandmothers used to replace the pit with a bit of marzipan
I always say that Klagenfurt is our biggest city nobody knows about
Early 20 I would say, but at rural areas old houses tended to build in mind with multiple generation living in it, so people safe rent and stay there
You're just playing word games
if you compare religion influence on politics with disease, than one religion just might be a benign tumor while the other one is a lethal cancer.
Great times
No, s/he meant (I think) to keep the flag colours but change up the eagle.
Many Germans have told me that a lot of Austrian vocabulary is understandable, but sounds really old-fashioned, like middle-ages old-fashioned
In the German version, everybody speaks standard German, but Mr Krabs has a very northern German way of talking
They don't even sell the VW Polo or Skodas over there
I know in the USA it is deemed offensive due to the word being associated with objects.
Can't speak for germany, but in Austria that word is not used at all and from what I've gathered it's the same in Germany.
Am I glad, that I next week holiday have
The last time i was there, i saw someone swinging an iron bar in the station hall.
my father is from Tyrol though
Fuck I thought that was modern day Cersei Lannister
It's the only food where I would stand up and leave if you eat one next to me
It's mostly just vocabulary
Please correct me if I‘m wrong
The math is a little more complicated, since you only get 10% for the first €480.
However, most people weren't happy about that as they shared lots of culture and language with either the Greeks or the Turks
Not a country but i would say for Austria it's Bravia
"glad" to hear Austria is not the only one doing that
In Austria, "I am from Austria" from Reinhard Fendrich
1658 Skane was conquered, in 1814 Norway was lost, Schleswig in 1867 completely
That was in 2005
I see you reinforce that by picking a good icon for r/romania
You mean the biggest cavalry attack in history of warfare?
Proper fur lined winter coat
One discussion started with the friend saying unironically: "Bueno por lo menos con Franco eso no pasaba" while claiming that the majority of rapes in Spain are committed by "chiuis" (or however you write that slur for Latinamericans)
Already famous author Grillparzer said in the 19th century "I am Austrian not a German". Historically speaking you had 2 train of thoughts: The German nationalists which considered themselves German and wanted to join the German Reich and Austrian-Germans which saw themselves distinct from the Germans and saw themselves as one of the many ethnicity in the Austrian-Hungarian Empire
boring he says, haha
" when we feel like we've sufficiently expressed ourselves and are still not understood
The time thing also overlaps with the card divide
You are underestimating their winters
We have it too in Austria - togerher with psychology in the last 2 years of highschool
But I guess it's not even thaaat popular here
plautcast
And that means sending out police men at night to defend women.
And I live 25km away from it
I had the same issue, until someone told me "Queue" is just "Q" with "ueue" waiting line
Yeah, not so sure about this one.
After moving to Linz I have found many cute and interesting places which i just never stumbled upon when visiting the city
Pölten deserves to be forgotten
Psychology:
There is even a place where only a single house is german and everything surrounding it is belgian
That Austria-Hungary was doomed to fail
I don‘t know how well our federal state capitals are known, but maybe those
If you are under 15, you cannot ride your bike without an adult, unless you got a bike license
[Augustiner Bräu] [Trumer Märzen/Pils] in Salzburg.
We took about 100,000 refugees and wanted others to do their share, according to EU quotas.
Also please look at the toes of this russian oligarch ;)
At least by the old people in my village
They told me that it's not possible, in principle, to buy US fonds.
And let's not even think about parking meters, they are not even standardized within each country
And I guess for a telegram chat group you'd need even more activity.
Now, I was always happy to chat when I had the time, recommend other attractions, restaurants, tell some fun facts.
well, your question sounded like if we drive all shiny new cars here...
Always be wary of the police, even though they are blue-collar ("What is a riot
I've never seen anything like that
&#x200B;
This reminds me of a YouTube video about what is considered prohibited/bad/a sin in each persons country and everybody said like religious things or something similar (like sex before marriage or running around without a burka (am sorry if I miswrote that or that isn‘t true, if it isn‘t please say it)) and the italian dude just started a monologue about pineapple on pizza and other foods lol
But then they are my friend until I die
Why
You either have some very bad sources or are intentionally lying to make Germany look better
Now I‘m intrigued
Everyone is bad
I wish it wasn't necessary though
Austria is neutral, so unless you're counting Afghanistan I don't know when they ever went to war
Seems like he/they attacked a Synagogue
Turkey fought with West during Cold war and for that we owe them something.
Translation is incredibly widespread in the EU, so if you know you're horrible at English why not speak in your native language and have someone translate for you
And unfortunately mainly act by this ONE book
Unlike huge parts of Germany which have already lost that in order to make place for boring standard German, nearly all of Austria has retained their local dialects.
- The Petzval lens
It was all a sham
I knew Germany is basically Saxony in Finnish, but that is news to me
Ask them if they like it "scharf".
Not my parents but my grandma calls me "kara dana" which means dark/black bull in turkish because of my hair colour
A non-stop fuck fest basically
Before I moved in together with my wife I sometimes put an EU flag on my balcony
for first world war, the South Tirol question flames sometimes up but it's mostly resolved since the 90's with the agreement made in the 70's, which was a pet peeve of Kreisky
You were like one out of three countries who didn't restrict the freedom of movement of the eastearn states (poland and so on) for five years.
Some words did
Their kids learn Basuqe in school ofc, but that doesn't mean that they really speak it
Not the whole country, but the day of the "Blochziehen" is THE day of the year when it happens (only every 4 years) and villages have their own schedules and not many villages do it
normally I have to buy and then refill them at home, but now I will be able to fill my own bottles directly
And i do not know, how she passed at uni, but all this is the same person
I really don't get where all these newspapers got their ideas from...
Wouldn't make much sense in German, for the same reason most people here already stated
You definitely shouldn't ask someone what they are earning
- A "Schwedenbombe" or Swedish bomb is what they call a "Mohrenkopf" or Moorish head in Germany (yes, that's racist), i.e. a kind of small chocolate-covered cake filled with foamy sugar
-Attributed to Karl Kraus
We have 340000 serbian and croatian speakers in austria
Exposure and education
*ahem* Dancing Stars *ahem*
That's basically the mentality that a lot of people still have
Not in software usually, probably rather in areas like workplace protection or safety equipment.
Plus: You don't have to pay for a surgery most of the times and you don't have to pay to visit a doctor
You really think they'll bother getting extra white models for their Eastern customers?
This is savage af
I think German astronaut Alexander Gerst jamming with Kraftwerk was pretty cool
Just imagine my American relatives reacting to me saying that the local party close to the Neonazis had German liberal roots
Jössas
I usually do it myself
Why won't you understand this
The one on my mothers-side was in the SS, don't know how he survived
Usually when I go to Croatia the border control guy is too busy playing candy crush to even look at my face/plate
You know nothing...whenever I do, I watch some GoT S1-4.
I don't really associate the 25th with Christmas even though it's the official Christmas day.
And then there is this drinking sport where people stand around a tree trunk trying to nail nails into it while getting drunk (någln) for reference:
Now that I see that Wels is being mentioned I'm content, because I would have said the same thing
) reached me which died building the stadiums
€4 for a soup, a main dish and a salad buffet.
Lol here you barely get 100 Mbit/s for 46€
Noticed the same trend
The four principles of the EU forbid this
Could have been both
We had plenty of snow a few days ago, getting more would be difficult to manage
Isn't that the main difference between Aldi Nord and Aldi Süd? Süd being the one which has the big stores and Nord having smaller stores
It's either 1866 and Austria's end of German hegemony after losing the war to Russia, the civil war in 1934 or the time after WW2 with a distinctive non-German identity and the eternal neutrality associated with it in our 1955 state treaty
Don't know about Spain though
When the people on the supply train heard the shots by both the Austrian and Ottoman forces some of the leaders of the supply carts panicked and fled without the supplies
Can't get around corporate guidelines, no matter how stupid they are.
There are also "beliefs" on how to clink with different types of beer
It certainly isn't that hot here haha :)
Averages are pretty meaningless, especially if it does not consider population distribution
So my Belgian friend said jokingly: "Oh no, the Germans are coming
That's definitely not an English-only problem
Difference between Austria and Germany explained via the logos of their ministries.
Otoh that makes it just more likely to be stolen
You got a commander in chief, a high command, a regional command and the unit commands.
With the similarity to the German word "Knödel" or in Austrian dialect even "Knedl" I would be shocked if they were much different
Starlings destroy tons of food every year
Both for hygienic reasons as well as safety reasons (think of aggressive patients trying to rip them off etc
I wouldn't want to do it long term, because of the reasons everybody else mentions here
They are ***GERMAN*** in the original
A guy from here starts another one
Probably Haider but he was a smarter politican.
oh no we have a propaganda victim here.
the fuck do you expect your economy to grow without massive public spending
After that you have the first floor
Ear plugs for the first hour whenever you take a train west from Vienna help somewhat
Well they might just be older than our modern languages
That would a very good idea be
Sorry, not here
Question: The scale of this map is not correct, right
Increases the chance that 1-2 actually become adults
comes together and decides to never let it happen again
Ours are formed like a Schnitzel, nuff said
Food’s still better than in the west, but it‘s not amazing as usual
I didn't call them a normal party, I'm just asking for some fucking nuance when it comes to right wingers.
If you equate the two then you're wearing into dangerous territory of shielding religion from critisism and outside opinion
I've only been to the Czech republic once, but right after the border crossing there was a huge city comprising basically only brothels.
Den sprechen leider immer mehr und der klassische Wiener Dialekt geht verloren
To be completely honest, 12AM vs 12PM is retarded
Our teacher never really explained in an understandable way that Berlin was a special case city smack dab in the middle of East Germany
Seems to be a theme in Catholic countries
I had to google this because I had no clue and didn‘t find anything related to it so I think, sadly, no, we do not have a national pet
Since before 1918 it was Austria-Hungary which consisted of several other states as well like the czech republic and slovakia
My little niece doesn't watch TV yet, but I soooo hope she will like Pumuckl and we can watch it together.
Oh okay
So comrades, come really
- (I suspected something and it's now proven)
Honestly I have the same problem, I'm often too nervous to say anything, so I usually hand them a sandwich without saying anything & when they thank me I just say "no problem" or wish them a good day
Well Portugal got its feathers ruffled too and only qualified as 3rd for the Knock Out Round but they went on to win the Title
In general I'd say bonds should be in your own currency (in order to reduce risk).
-**certain toiletries
Should have been the german flag tho
In Austria, we use 'Sackerl fürs Gackerl' for the bags to pick up dog-"waste". It literally means 'baggie for the shittie', and non-Austrian German speakers will burst into laughter here
So its literally just visual noice
How do 2 % not know what Germany is
Artikel 1
During the party, it's a free-for-all, everybody just drinks whatever they want or can find
My favourite of these in German German has always been "Keule", which means "club/bat".
I don't know what exactly they do with it to make it taste so good but I suspect lard is involved
I also think this map is incomplete without adding the names
It's like it's burned into my brain
Dollfuss was around 1,50 and got a nickname for that: millimetternich
Nice self-own
The domesticated Turkey is usually called "Pute" in German.
2 are strictly catholic, but the rest just doesn't really give a damn.
Idk I‘m just making a best case scenario right now while never having heard of Badisch tbh xD
Yeah, exactly what this is about.
43% are the most people
It's gone so far that I often forget normal words in my native language in casual conversation while knowing exactly what I want to say in English
Well then try "(east)asian" instead?
so many memories
We do have a lot of actual germans.
Jahrhunderts muss funktionieren
Minimum wage
there are even translations for various german dialects!
Ironic username or racism towards the british, I can't decide
I'm really looking forward to the day we Germans do that again.
[Link]
Even though we won the first place in the Mercer Study for seven consecutive years now.
It’s allright, but I subjectively can’t see myself spending my whole life here
It's just not the answer you wanted to hear.
It’s not rarely that I find myself travelling through all the city to find a trivial product I’m looking for
vanilla sauce more common with Buchteln
I am Austrian, and dual citizen, not Turkey though.
If the EU would be one country (which it isnt) those parts would also enjoy visa free travel to the US - for now I do understand the decision though
Islamophobia makes it sound as it would be unreasonable to not want to emulate western europe's grand muslim immigration project.
- and my answer should depict, that most Austrians probably have heared of that name, but don't know much else about him and therefore have no positiv or negateiv opinion.
Yes, as a User they are great
- I prefer alpine over sea salt
But the world is not black and white and this does not mean that we are damned to doing nothing.
Don't you have 50% unemployment in youth, along with Spain and Italy that have huge numbers too.
If somebody is offended by a joke, let them be offended though
This was before Ibiza tho, guess he‘s working on laments for his political career right now
> Do you need to slow down
Vienna was first made its own state around the same time, in 1920
> putting parmesan on fish or fish-based sauce
The Netflix series "Freud" (watch it, it's cool) picked up on that spookiness and included it in the show
I think if you already are at B1, and then move to a spanish speaking country and immerse yourself in the language completely, you should make progress on your language skills fairly fast.
Until the late 19th century, it was only possible to reach Hallstatt by boat or via narrow trails.
They try to position itself as a wine region; there is a surprising big area used for winemaking but compared to other regions in Austria it is not that big (in the other wine regions there is hardly any other stream of income big enough to mention)
People buy fucking couches and TVs on loans
No campfires outside of dedicated campsites though.
I live in Chicago in the U.S.
i thought first year print letters, second year cursive was universal
We never did that
The Austrian states are not really autonomous
Vienna ~150m, Graz ~350m, Linz ~250m, Only Salzburg (~430m) and Innsbruck (~570m) are a little higher up, but still way below that average
Too jaded by rightwing poles really espousing that belief to not automatically belief it to be genuine
I am not a fan of Iran, but you can't just kill everyone of your enemies, especially since you aren't at war
I grew up on the countryside but we kids had to share plates and the grown-ups didn't order more than main course and maybe shared a salad
"Sure, come to the basement..."
Norway is always winning nordic skiing
Someone just strolling around the Landstraße in Linz or the Mariahilfer Straße in Vienna is most likely not wearing it
It's rather annoying to be constantly thought of as a German when you're Austrian.
>Here be ~~dragons~~ capitalists
You referring to Austria Hungary
Or when they drive the romans crazy by having their tea break during the battles
Oh ok
30 degrees celsius is like what, 86 farenheit
Everytime I visit my girlfriend's family my stomach doubles in size
But it's not a proven thing, exactly
Dialects that formed over hundreds of years in the mountains are crazy man
Tücher = tiachln
Constitution laws are changed all the time
but then again there are also nazis who recycle ;)
Ständestaat
Czech, Slovakians,... not german
But since last year, Street View cars have been driving through Austria
Wels has a far-right major and problems with ethnic communities
if you come from slovakia you have no reason not to trust an atm
It's true, it's supposed to look like a castle/city walls (has windows and all), and that is maybe also a hint at the CoA of Castilla, but it is at the same time still a crown
So it started a huge movement where Austria wanted to be apart of Germany and viewed themselves as Germans
There's overlaps, and there's a little room in between, but very little
And the democratically elected president for all eternity
Passive attendence is allowed but leading is not.
Spanish, French, Russian, or a slavic language can be extremely useful, because, well, Spanish and French are two of the most spoken languages worldwide
Sanctions could easily escalate things and make it even worse.
But I guess you can't be fashionable and innovative if you're not daring
I think „Braut stehlen“ (Bride stealing) is exclusive to my country (?)
Just take it to eastern austria, we are dry too
No Faschiertes, or how you in inferior german would say 'Hackfleisch'.
&#x200B;
if you are really desperate you would do anything for money.
Historically Cyprus used to be a British colony
What the UK in their enourmus ignroance expected is to be part of the customs union, without freedom ov movement, without having to adhere to EU regulations
Thank you for your praise and if you want to ping someone you have to use /u/, like /u/Ragadast335
(and yeah, I know that Austria had a HUGE problem with bad wine in the past, but these things have changed to the absolute opposite direction since that scandal in the 80s)
People wanted him as an example that people can change in prison and become successful and worthy members of the society again
also the direction changes, while in English it's 66-99, in German it's 99-66 (that's how it should be, ultimately depends on the font though)
I wanna know now
For me its the worst of the supermarkets and its almost only in the bad districts here
Where do you live
But I can imagine my country being ruled by the Habsburg monarchy easily for whatever reason, and war is a given for me during that time
What are your similar stories
What do they use
And then what
Then it's fried like a pancake.
I've personally never heard anyone say 'ich bin auf schule' or something like that.
Yes
Not for private citizens but the filter won't make a difference
Lmao I love that and totally agree with you
If it's big enough to swing a cat in it it's a room, otherwise it counts as half.
[Thank god they didn't go with this design]
But of course there are the obligatory monarchist who think austria should get it back and we should be a monarchy again etc
A lot of Israeli visitors come here because of that
The army's vanguard, a contingent of hussars, crossed the Timiș River to scout for the presence of the Ottoman army
That's a silly thing to say, you don't know every Pole in the world.
In order to compare the performance you need to use the same currency for all funds.
All hail robo copyright !!!1
Spoiler:
I love how the media was already celebrating the hero that followed the man.
Just yesterday the ESA Ministerial council ended and pledged another € 340m to finish the ExoMars 2020 rover.
On the countryside in Austria this is different
If you want to study law or chemistry e.g. you just sign up
You're right but I won't ever move to fucking Germany...
* date of birth
(S)he implied that most were just passing through, since the whole country of Slovenia to date has handled fewer asylum applications than the city of Graz alone.
Otherwise I have below the counter the standard sentences written in French (and Italian)
Is it
Abortion and especially abortion after rape is not forbidden in Islam
I think that's why people are still salty
People do not know them
For us its Germans with flip flops on trails where locals would use climbing gear and boots
What happened
That outfit
Many Austrians on here like that too.
I couldnt even get the ingredients
Quality beer is around 1€-1,10€ (everything including taxes)
Can't say I'm a fan
The english version was decent when it was new, but that's been a while.
I mean, I personally don't really watch TV, but I think in Austrian media and by Austrian NGOs these ads have been replaced with less stereotype-y ones in the last five years at least
Some parts are fabulously rich, but others, especially in the countryside in the villages and towns that aren't tourist traps, are depressinly poor
Mayby - not - behaving like 5 year olds after 27 government leaders elected Tusk als EC President, might help a bit.
It's a pretty popular thing to think here since seemingly so many of them immigrate to Western Europe
...people are still gathering every March for the "Brexit"-Festivities
qwertz is evil and should be purged from this world
So that land always belonged to Bosniaks untill Serbian migrations during 16th century and onward in which they displaced local populace.
Isn't there a common Latino identity which connects you?
wtf...so all the ammo just lays there out in the open ?!?!!
Red wine is more common with the „skinny old dude“ and sometimes older women, whereas white whine is more common overall
They care about instilling doubt in historical evidence
Are people actually acting like light sodas are a major detriment to your health
Also give up, you are in the same boat as the rest of us, you smug Schluchtenscheißer
THey did say that last time though
It's considered to be unhygienic
* The history of the EU, starting at WW2
There would still be Germanic languages in Scandinavia but the language of Germany and Austria would have been a Romance language.
Looking forward to
I've traveled a bit and always found it was cheapest to bring my bank/debit card and withdraw from ATMs wherever I went.
> Is it moving in the direction of easing up or hardening
About 200 000 commuters to Vienna every day.
They try to position itself as a wine region; there is a surprising big area used for winemaking but compared to other regions in Austria it is not that big (in the other wine regions there is hardly any other stream of income big enough to mention)
Good times
I can still open my windows in the morning and let some fresh cool air in
And cinnamon
So not remote at all
I feel like many tend to stay with their parents in the countryside and only way later move out to a big city because their job is there
"Meinst du ein kleeeiines Bier
Austria was weak in 1938
So whats your theory why pretty much every huge ship, electro-generators and trains are run with diesel
Some of its services that made it popular in the US are not offered or relevant here, or there just never was a good enough *reason* to switch away from Windows/Android
You get used to it
I think Gmünd is split between Austria and Czechia
I’ve never felt unsafe being out and about alone at night, but obviously I always keep an eye out for suspicious people nonetheless
It's a bit misleading because for example the Romance languages do use cases but only in pronouns.
I exclusively say Telefon when talking about my mobile,always did
The witch tells him that the girl is not here anymore, so in his grief he jumps off the tower, and falls into a bunch of thorny bushes
Basically, it's just wasting a vote
Warm: 20C - 30C
that depends on how much money you collect in the end
Golatschen, Palatschinken, Kukuruz, Murken, Kren, Marille (might be Croatian though), Datschi
The podium
> For my personally it would be Beethoven's Moonlight Sonata
The kill ratio of BVR radar guided missiles is abysmal especially against modern 4+ fighter jets with EW kits.
Even if the case is unnecessary strictly speaking (like so many other things in German), and it's slowly dying out in spoken language, it's still found heavily in written lanugage and it's still an integral part of German
They are easier targets, theres more to gain, and its easy to check if the occupants are there
A bayonet with a worker at both ends" -Lenin), they consider themselves an elevated class of society and have historically *always* been the defenders of the status quo, from the Roman Slave Empires to Nazi Germany to the Segregated South
I mean just because the DNI boss said in an Congress Hearing that there is absolutely no evidence whatsoever that Wikileaks and Russia are working together doesn't mean this is not happening.
although its a catholic church, the Karlskirche (charles church) in vienna, finished in 1739, was modeled after the hagia sophia
What do they use
* Ich habe heute viele Bäume in Österreich gesehen
I've never heard of this, until encountering a Tanzverbot in Munich.
Hofer would cause economical damage by trying to severe relations to countries that are the most important to us while bowing down before a country that offers no perspective for us except how things looked 50 years ago
Time to resurrect Basil II
Probably also the fact that the last veterans and other survivors of the war are dying
In Austria a cashier will want to check your ID if you look like you could be too young (16 is legal age for alcohol here, in some parts 18 for "harder" stuff like liquor).
Other than that (yeah, ticks may be dangerous too, when you are being infected with FSME, but there is a vaccine for that) we don´t really have dangerous animals here
>I also like to say that Wels is like somebody would've cut out the bad parts of Linz and made it its own city
and i thought French are weird with their 4 times 20 :D
my honest opinion is that Poland, and this might be true in some variation for most of former "Eastern Europe", expected so much more from the EU
Why are you spreading such information when you can see it yourself that it's blatantly wrong.
Because Croatia can't have enough coastline
mainly very good housing politics.
I thought that was standard here
Reminds me of Lidl selling horse meat lasagna
May I ask what the social norm on Greece is
>I usually help my father chop wood in the spring, then it dries over the summer and is used mostly in the winter
Well yes, a part that has apparently created a financing bottleneck for the rest of the economy.
It is just like yes I know where you are from
The food Friday agreement includes the option of a border poll - maybe it is a good time to invoke that and figure out if NI wants to be united with the republic
Scheanan cake day
Nah, it's actually easier if you don't have to carry tents and stuff with you all the time.
And the native speaker
I wish the lines were scaled or dimmed depending on train frequency and/or speed
It’s a bit hard to compare if you don’t tell us where she lives
Once an old lady in Vienna asked me where I'm from and then she said "Ohhhh, Sie sind aus den Bundesländern" ("ohhh, you're from the districts") which felt like somebody from the capital of Panem said "oh, you're from one of our districts".
they just aren't as good as the real thing coming from a good restaurant
Interesting question
Your logic to say all Hofer voters are FPÖ voters still doesn't make sense.
Only problem I had was them not understanding what I want them to do
True that
Another shitshow my Country was responsible for.
But it's a matter of training
I'm sure they'll do fine, and turn it into a suitably catchy song for the soundtrack too
A friend of mine is also from northern Slovenia and he said his grandfather was German speaker
Not even one Guilloutine in sight
KFC also seems to have a hard time here while Subways and McDonald's seem to run quite well.
Lmao if you dont come out sabina will come inside
>"eine Exrawurst kriegen" (to get an extra sausage)
Except that Vienna isn't Austria and fuck Viennese people.
Jo, wos zum teifl sogts eis iwa se
Except you've recently made it a heck of a lot harder for yourselves
Urban areas tend to be more left.
So my mom is Polish, my dad is Austrian, me and my brother were born and raised in Austria and both barely know any Polish (=almost not at all), because my dad prohibited us learning Polish because he thought kids weren‘t able to be raised bilingual and if me and my brother were raised that way we wouldn‘t know „proper German“ (as if he is the one that isn’t even able to write a whole sentence in perfect Standard German and always has to ask us two, usually me, to write one
Swedish: Maybe a fourth, maybe a third or so of the words
Die heutigen Parteien ÖVP und SPÖ waren in den 50ern ja personell nahtlose Fortsetzungen der Zwischenkriegs-SPÖ bzw
Did you never encounter an actual sharp knife
Pensala	FI
There is just so much less space where she is
Total casualties among the cavalry were 150 men
The German Name of a vole is pointy mouse
If I want intellectually stimulating statements, I'll go read non-fiction
It even killed my uncles neighbor
000 €, or about 2
Vienna also was founded as a Roman city, so when digging in the city center they regularly find remains
You might not like that - but that’s how it is
Is it still a free day for everybody or why not on a Sunday?
You are definitely right
More like "some good products for average people, and a lot of trash".
Because then I'd like to have a Chipotle here, so we get at least *some* Mexican food
First, you learn how to read and write print letters
Dutch is similar, understand written but listening to it is quite hard
They are where they're supposed to be
Looks quite straightforward to me now though
Or "Gigerizpatschen"
I still have a tab open, one of their last posts was: "Remember the President is just a figure head and doesn't have any real power.
Firstly, it isn't "entirely" down to that, and that still doesn't mean they preferred to marry to gain power instead of conquer
, and I have never heard anybody talking about it here either.
Pregnancy and work is not so much a question of adequate legal protection but one of adequate public childcare.
Dont forget the "ams AG". If you own an iPhone, you probably have one of their sensors in it
Whether or not a Champagne is the right for you, no one else can really tell you
Also no sports facilities and teams, and no "XY university" sweaters
So at least in my last job I'd hit 500€ a month easily, and that's without going out for fancy dinners
So therefore we entered new grounds today as a Union.
Never seen huge things like that
Which one is it then
Like I don't get what you're saying at all
Jersey
I remember looking for salt and there was like two meters of aisle full of different types of salt, I just wanted simple salt damint
Sure you dont get everything back as a net contributor, but lets stop pretending that every single euro (or pound) paid into the EU is lost
And that is only half the problem.
There is no Austrian lanuguage.
It's also used when something fits / or not / or you want to ask if it fits.
Well, I think that is your hindsight knowledge talking.
I generally translate or not based first on how weird or off the standard would sound, and then how understandable the word is
EU: threatens to sanction hungary to get rid of hungarian dictatorship
Well the Lederhosen and beer thing is true tho, we do have lederhosen and dirndl as traditional clothes, and the second highest beer consumption in the world, but the exaggeration of it annoys most people
We should not forget that e.g. Styria was a country of mixed ethnicities for centuries
There just isn‘t enough available land that housing is allowed to be built on, yet there is a ton of open farmland/pastures
Rightly so because it's a stupid comment.
In my dialect there's only a small distinction between those two sounds.
My best friend's host family in Ireland was really disappointed when we told them, that the majority of Austrians do not live in the mountains (and that there are areas that aren't mountain-y but rather flat)
Everyone knows it and sings along when it's played at any public gathering
Then, you learn a neutral base set of letter forms and the concept of joined writing, you train it for a few years, and then you are encouraged to create your own writing style from it through repeated usage
From what I know, lots of companies tend to be bought up by either the US or China, which makes it really difficult to have something European succeed as European.
So what is he then
Bad history is an unmitigated circlejerk though and shouldn't be taken too seriously.
Nowadays they sadly only broadcast within Austria and have cut any international program.
Have you ever heard about the bsoffene gschicht were politician tried to sell our water and other stuff
But if people start using safe, cringe and so one it gets very annoying
Ours has an aquarium nowadays
My natural rhythm I slide into is working between 10 and 18
In the US: "Ahh, [Sound of Music]" *(I still haven't seen it.)*
Someone returned it to the bank teller
American pizza is a calorie bomb with all that fat dripping off and the fat bread
There is a stark contrast between German as ethnicity and as a nation and back in the days the words were used almost exchangeable, which is still hurting Austria today
Hers seems to be designed for oompa-loompas
Was the grill preassembled
like the woman who was raped and murdered a month ago in a neighboring town.
It is considered to be rather old-fashioned and difficult, but if you graduate you definitely achieved something in life
Soros is made the culprit for all kinds of invented bullshit on the far right
The only one company that doesn't uses USB C for their new devices is Apple
Isn't it similar to Blockleiter / Blockwart
It's considered to be unhygienic
For The Netherlands the Euro is valued less than its own currency should be.
No it's: Vote for me and I let you fuck my wife while I watch.
Here we have a croatian dialekt that is considered a minority language but nether serbian nor croatian is considered one even though we have way more people speaking "normal" serbian or croatian then that one dialekt
Without them my city wouldn't be what it is and we would not be able to basically dedicate an entire district to preservation and tourism.
**Czechia:** thanks for the beer and the food and the millions of people who came here until 100 years ago and are now Austrians
His German is absolutely fantastic, but the way he randomly alternates between uvular R (standard German, back of the throat) and alveolar R ("rolling R", some austro-bavarian and alemannic dialects, as well as stage-German do that, but hardly ever alternating like this; the real giveaway is the manner in which he says "rrrrrüpelhaft"), as well as the occasional vowel length and quality (too English) is pretty telling
Uff pulpo gallego is the best
I think that due to the proportional representation, you don't have to vote tactically (except for the very small <4% party voters)
With my high school I went to Switzerland, Germany, Italy (Rome), France (Paris), London and Latvia
I know a few Croatians who it'd be cool to impress, also I could finally understand all the serbian dialogue in Vienna (it's not thaaat much, but you hear it from time to time)
Carnuntum probably has the best preserved ruins - mostly just foundations, floor mosaics and such
Pilsner is Czech, which underlines your point perfectly
(Originally from Thailand, but the Red Bull brand known worldwide is Austrian.)
She meant early as in light out
Even our chancellor used the words „outdoor“ and „indoor“ last week instead of the German „draußen“ and „drinnen“.
It feels like the city is about 500 meters wide but 20 kilometers long
/r/SchnitzelVerbrechen
Most certainly almost all of them.
But, again, only official texts are going to be in standard German.
So we still don't have access to the ocean AND lose our mountains too
Prob because no subject will merge into another or will do stuff another subject should teach
It's something, some beggars do here as well
Then we got places like „Mösendorf“, which roughly means „Pussyvillage“.
The vans are always white and unmarked and the men that come with the can never speak good german
Kurds should get their own state
If you learn German as a secondary language, you will probably learn a standard Germany German
This myth was constructed by Exiles to get support for an independent Austria after the war ends
With the argument that its a Jewish plot against the guy
I love to see how people get better the drunker they are
Nowadays one can see a lost generation of people which were never able to obtain a stable job for a decade or more
while i think the legal situation isn't bad, i can't say the same about the society.
Adolf, just doesn't sound right
She's a physicist, and married to a theoretical chemist
For example we have a stone which is said that the devil has dropped in our village
Elaborate
We didn't do nearly enough
Yurop is truly a great country.
We have one nuclear power plant, but voted against it‘s activation
Works fine for me
Classic among 14-year olds after PE class
If it weren't for that part of OP's question then yeah, there'd be a lot more Austrian examples
Italians tend to give less of a fuck
Hide the pain harold probably won't last much longer then them
However the "austr" part also seems to be common northwest Germanic influenced languages
Addressing their fears and worries but without offering any real or viable solutions.
Peter's basilica in Rome in front of the Pieta because they were blocking each other while taking pictures
No, there is nothing of the sort here for high school students.
Not at all, really
We had them in high school, but nobody ever used them instead we just left all our books on the desks in our classroom
It wasn't really an issue sinc3 we only had a couplensubjects and 4-6 hours a day
I can imagine that would have caused even more of a clusterfuck, especially with Hungary
Please don't put nonsensical one liners as self-posts.
I haven't heard of any reports that indicate the service has been infiltrated.
But the best thing about it is probably [the view]  onto the fortress
While the south of the island has remained a democracy and has joined the EU the north is de-facto a regime
The Bavarians also don't really identify as German
any kind fo reform so far failed because of an overwhelming feeling of "but that's how we've always done it".
[I also really like the Slovenian plates with the green outline] and the [Croatian plates which also use the national flag
Based on that, children in the Czech Republic probably learn that he was born in Czech Republic (and therefore consider him a Czech) and kids in Austria learn that Mozart was born in Austria (and therefore consider him Austrian)
I saw some of these women in private hospital Döbling without a veil (inside the waiting area of the pregnancy and prebirth unit) and they wear lots of fashionable designer stuff, professional make-up and tons of jewelries below their veil.
Not really if you don't watch German TV or read German news
That everybody is good in skiing.
Although actually he would be elected not by the people, but the electoral college.
So I guess you are from Vienna
Easy
Also, people trying to get away from somebody by buying a car in cash, and just getting in and driving away
[Nothing more Viennese than someone shouting out of a window and complaining about noise
It's just that most people aren't even clear anymore on what center-right even means, considering Angela Merkel is a center-right politician, but when asked most people would put her more towards the left.
love reading all the comments
Have fun in court, cause you will be in deep trouble
I'm not sure he is the most hated nowadays, he is thankfully too irrelevant for that
I've learnt that not all countries have personal identification cards which blows my mind
shame if something were to happen to it.
I realised how fucked up your system is when German politicans and expert started to praise our system
Austria are slavic people with german language and germanic culture
Only in rural regions
Obviously they only visit you if you indicate that you would liked to be visited
There is a very small monarchist party in Austria.
Vienna has quite sizeable communities from most of the Balkan states, so for many people it is also back home or their families place
German Wikipedia:
Also they dominate the view and very often look like shit
The EU-Ukraine Association Agreement really valued the people more than economics right
Russia knows they don't stand a chance against the schulz.
I wonder if her opponents would be willing to share with us where on the man baby doll they were hurt by her
We also rented a mobile bar and bought 2 barrels of beer
Really
"WE'RE BACK AND SORRY FOR BEING SUCH BLOODY CUNTS
&#x200B;
Right now they are building a new subway line, and expand another, inlcuding a big station where both lines will cross
And an even bigger threat are all the one-portion-packages that are being used by greedy companies like Nestlé, etc
Sometimes the Schützen wake me up on sunday mornings, since they shoot with blanks to salute
In German we have a "silent h" which has a similar function
Great trade if you ask me
Kind of
The only positive aspect of HC building a new party is that the FPÖ will lose some voters wich makes both parties pretty weak
The necklace looks like a pyramid.
Said the person from a country where they put sugar into everything, including bread
nikolaus tessler was definitely european.
Not tidying your room: It looks like a pig's sty in here
Minoritenkirche (Church)
My god, he is like a posturing teenager.
Well, here you go :D
You can save a little on the tax payments if you pick a fund where dividends get reinvested automatically ("thesaurierender Fonds").
Around here I never heard of scissors
[Edit: yeah, one of the later ones]
The mediterrenean is always bluer on the other side
Can't say that the situation for young people is a particular problem in Austria.
Welcome to onomatology
all got away with an black eye
r/mapporncirclejetk
We don't need to expand into the height, because our cities had a long long time to form
Ausbürgerungsverfahren wird eingeleitet
Seven continents:
Ye olde JoJo's reference
Will it have a monthly subscription for just 9
Mellach coal power plant
The Vikings were also only mentioned when it came to the expansion of the Roman Empire in Europe
I have a data sim with 30 MBit unlimited for 24 € 150 MBit can be had for 45€.
The contract allowed the use as a school for example but it had to be renovated and the owner wouldn't permit that for whatever reason.
Most of the time you can not call one of them directly but have to have a trial at one of the “lower” courts first
That word has a complicated and very long history
>liberal Munich
lmao what is this shit
I have never seen anything like it in Austria, and we do get really cold winters.
But those are all things that are measurable in my imagination
The 57th Hitler poster must feel really proud
Sitting down at the breakfast table in the first morning I felt like I was hallucinating
Now that he's so old, once a week my gf's dad has to bring him groceries from the village, so he doesn't have to go down
The u/oo in scottish accents sounds to me like an ü :^)
I give NAWAFL (northen austria with a funny language) the approval to call the northern part of the kingdom of hungary upper hungary
They do their job as passive reflectors, but they'll never be a substitute for an actual transceiver on the 457kHz rescue frequency
Here in the alps sunrise is at around 8am and sunset is at around 5pm
Also, I've seen about three cars with black plates in my life and all of them were extremely shabby
I‘m hella curious now
Another spot is [this big hole in Vienna] were the Wienfluss exits its underground bed in the very extensive canalization of Vienna and then continues to openly flow through a park and into the Danube Canal
But the finance minister invests his mother in law's money to (with some rich friends) buy that bank from a federal state to sell it to that german bank a day later kind of corruption
Also, my dialect is Bavarian, with Saxonian influences (and the occasional mispronounced slavic or hungarian term) If Austrian German doesn't count, neither should Bavarian
1" (<- edit2 because the mental retardation is strong today)
Archer, on the other hand, did quite a good job
/r/SchnitzelVerbrechen
Just wish that they all get their shit together and stop hating each other.
In the movie Magneto kinda "lays low" and hides from the world by becoming a worker in a Polish factory (you're more safe from the American government in a Warsaw pact country
Yeah makes sense
No, they're Tyroleans in disguise.
Cool, how do you like it here
You can honestly wear it almost anywhere, it‘s that weird thing between formal clothing but not formal enough to be considered weird if you wear it on a normal day
Have retailers in Italy, Ireland etc gone bankrupt
Rudolfsheim Fuenfhaus is famous for the large foreigner population and being a bit rough about the edges.
That's actually interesting, I think because Germany is much bigger, Austrians are aware of the cultural difference, whereas a lot of Germans aren't and are then surprised when they come to Austria or meet Austrians in another country
We are very good with that but it is a super hard field and , at my university, only about 20 people a year finish the BSc, most go on for a MSc and the Phd
Many places called Au, translates to meadow
[Example]
I guess he's just a typecast and not really all that different in any of his movies
While Portugal had a thriving cloth industry their cloth wasn't as cheap and good as English cloth and with no protections and support from this competition the industry completely declined and Portugal was thus unable to create an industrial base
We like some of you
>We kinda do, yet also don't. Here you are allowed to use a gun to defend yourself, but I don't think it's allowed to carry guns
Source: studied English, have used my fair share of different dictionaries
Well, I thought something like that when you "healthy living".
I forgot the last game existed until just now
Did I say something stupid again
He is such a disgusting creep, I can't even
It shouldn't matter whether the winning 75 million votes came from one state, ten, or all of them, what matters is that that many people voted for a certain candidate
People who speak Schönbrunner Deutsch make me want to swim face down in the Danube
I also use them on hot summer hikes in the flatland
This may have sounded a bit mean spirited, but was meant to be the opposite
Van der Bellen's lead is 3.6% and the variation is ± 1.2%.
I'd still visit
However I did mention Speck und Grammelknödel
They used to mean the same thing, 1000 years ago (or whenever, idk exactly)
That word has a complicated and very long history
I'm sorry but Barcelona is the opposite of soulless
Hitler
Then walks and hikes are also banned
>1/3rd of our cases in the past week are from a single pentecostal -- read: crazy -- church in a town of 1200 people
Die Geschichte kann einen zu den grausamsten Taten zwingen
I always thought Austria and Germany are the only countries which have laws against denying holocaust, but there are suprisingly more countries where it's also illegal
The same counts for many languages.
As you said, renting it is a good option
Johnson on the other hand has no interest other then sow discord in Spain if he supports the Catalonian separatists
In both cases the answer is: mostly could be any color, and if the color was mandatory, it depended on the teacher
Maria Theresia
13th century-1918: Great power of Europe
So a lot of my life is rather boring
Three words:
They di that where you live
There's a reason it's Baby Jesus
Link
Hungarian almost sounds like a waltz to me and it’s quite deep and sensual
&#x200B;
As Austrian myself I used the German QWERTZ for the longest time, but changed it at home about 2 years ago to QWERTY US international layout, and shortly after that at work too
I also really like the diversity.
That we don't have kangaroos
Nah
No I did not refer to plans for German unification
Like I said, it is a hobby and some people like it
Yeah I'm not saying this study is good.
Wiener Wiesn - for some reason (aka money) Vienna decided to rip off Munichs Oktoberfest
> why does everyone always keep insisting on translating everything literally
And like philzebub666 already said: Attnang Puchheim is the small version of Wels
Stoff isnt stuff
Our grammar is very confusing, even for native speakers
Though to be fair none of them are even close to the given examples, we have pretty high standards
We just are
Such a beautiful country with a plethora of culture to experience
Law as well
I can only agree
I wanna leave Austria after my uni as well
Do they plan to cook meth in space or what
Yeah, you better make yourself a freshly brewed cup of coffee using some of that Styrian water from the tap.
They had put a limit on how many busses are allowed to enter the city per day in 2019 because they have up 900k tourists/year
Just a guess though :)
Exactly
And Wels is the pinnacle of that area
Supporters of the plan to simplify the process argue that it is ridiculous to ask people who were born and have lived all their lives in Switzerland to prove that they are integrated.
wouldn't it then make more sense to mail bomb their own finance people?
Cash, credit cards, or app (which also accepts PayPal, **finally**)
Not for young people, I may have really over exaggerated that - as one does
Are you implying the local experts at the donald are chasing a boogeyman?
I think The Troubles lasting for 40 years are an indicator that it's a bit more complex than "England doesn't want to let go". Also looking at elections there's almost a perfect 50/50 split between British Unionists and Irish Republicans
Or the plastic covers for notebooks
Best Austrian rapper has to be Kamp from Vienna.
The thing is, Austrian dialect is not "official", so whenever you want to write something, you need to use Hochdeutsch
It can be used in basically every situation
We have a chance this time around
well, some say we don't need one because a other party carter all their needs...
I‘d rather have a hassle buying cigarettes for my dad when the cashiers know my dad is (almost) behind me than knowing I, as a minor, can get cigarettes easily
At least in Austria
I think it is something very underrated in our cousine
This emphasis on republicanism was a big deal in 1919, when this CoA was made
Ukraine has the most beautiful in my opinion.
Just Like in Austria
German has naja, which Austrians pronounce as na jo
Currently on my laptop: Japanese cherry blossoms from Tokyo 2018
Schaut net bled aus
Saying that the USA are an example of worse health care is just the truth
Well, "Die Provinz" is a much more fitting term actually used by people in Vienna
Kinda like a sibling
i have a keychainthing thats mostly formed like a coin, but then it has a rectangular piece - so i can insert it in the coin slot - get the cart free - and pull the keychainthing out
They know that by taking an austrian passport but keep their turkish one anyway.
We have the Decker which is 10 grams
So plan your trip well, and have fun
Got its name for three important(?) places with "Burg" in their name, all of which are in Hungary and not a part of Burgenland
It’s not at all a taboo to talk about it
If you want to stop paying, you can simply do so.
Here we also have [icelandic yoghurt] which is super high in protein.
I totally understand, that you wanna fight the spam at some point
more like 1 m; the Eurasian Plate moves 1 cm per year
This happens in plenty of other countries..
Huh, now that I'm thinking about it like that it's really kind of weird, in a gross way
If that's actually true, my bet's on the few renaissance fair-nutties that are out there googling this more often than is reasonable
I don't know anything about the Yugoslav wars although this happened only 20 years ago
You could argue that they still are
Around noon we were on a tower that overlooked the whole city
[People who eat Schnitzel with Tunke are 110% not from the same culture!]
We usually just powerwash them
Americans really know little about foreign countries/cultures
Mohnflesserl ftw
personally I would take that flag over any other any day
Yes, that's what I mean
Plane - Flugzeug [fly thing], Toys - Spielzeug [play thing(s)], Clothes - Anziehsachen [put on things]
Thank you for these clarifications
We regard the Swiss closer to you guys than to us, because there isn't much of a relationship between Austria and Switzerland funnily enough
Ah, thanks for translating that bit of Huttese.
Don't forget the general pity that is given to Burgenland always
“. The irony was strong on this one, as Austria was horribly bad at warfare
After a while, switch back
When a coworker in a similar position asks about your wage, would you still consider it rude
The official demonym is Liechtensteiner though
The one that stuck with me the most however is [Fantasie Impromptu]
By name, I know (all) 50 states
" / "That's plum to me
After having been recaptured from the Magyars in 955, it was ruled by a certain margrave Burkhard
Time for another Cordoba
American cars are shit, pure unadulterated shit
It's not even really an issue actually, if there wasn't this one big misunderstanding: People keep saying "I'm Irish" when they actually mean "I have Irish heritage", because you're used to talking about heritage over there
I couldn't hear the difference.
just imagine you you go full Autriche.
POP
They are called like that because the inventor got the idea from a Swedish friend
So the one with Hitler and Hallstatt
Nah keeping English makes sense
Yet another channel will show FIVE episodes of Criminal Minds in one go this evening, followed by repeats, which means TEN HOURS of Criminal Minds
(or less, depending on the specific lake)
also, i think we are at the verge to get one universal language, since we are all using the internet, where everybody can talk to everyone in english
Now I know Sylvester Stallone isn't exactly a world class actor with a huge range, but that's just lazy
Die "Kaiserhymne" ist schon perfide.
So a total of 150 which is very good and a ratio of 2:1 which is also good
Hungarian – Bécs
I was most surprised by how strict certain laws were regarding age.
The rampart looks like a natural hill, but really it's an artificial earth wall that was constructed by some Celts ~3000 years ago
There are also people like **Sissi/Elisabeth** whom I didn‘t include because even though she reigned Austria and is Austrian in everyones heads, even has „von Österreich“ (from Austria) in her name she was born in Bavaria
Official youtube channel of vienna tourism: [Vienna Now]
sometimes it's a black cat
Two Asian tourist groups started a fight in St
Yeah, as much as there's to critizise about our education system, we have apprenticeships pretty dialed
I just know that at one point Austria was in the lead.
There were multiple different ocassions, but i remembered about this one
I don't have to guess of some information is meant for UK only, another country, or worldwide
Our visit also included Disneyland (yes 20 year old me insisted)
That's only Vienna and some other bigger cities
I've been to Winterthur once, it wasn't that bad in my opinion
[Did we just find Jan Böhmermann's account
And before you ask, yes, it's an *actual* Neapolitan Pizzeria
In German Wikipedia you need 200 approved changes, before you can publish changes immediately
and on a less serious note, more or less, we all love songs like these after a bit too much Jägermeister
After Brexit and Trump, it's nice to see even a small victory over populism
I've noticed this trend over the last few years
but there is still that 5% that causes problems like violence, gangs, rapes etc.
just a while ago i was talking to some american teen who was trying to tell me that he wants to migrate to ireland soon, because they are "more accepting of witchcraft" which he described as collecting good and bad stones and mixing potions to make things happen, at first i thought he was joking, but the way he talked about it..you couldnt make that stuff up if you wanted to..
doesn't really make any sense in German any more
I like to go shopping in Germany
Aka just take Sissi/Princess Elisabeth but draw her in disney style and that‘s it
(I guess I wouldn't do it against anyone else either, but that's not the point^^)
Heute wissen die meisten Österreicher, dass nicht "die bösen Deutschen" die Täter waren und "wir" die Opfer, sondern dass "wir" Teil der "bösen Deutschen" waren, und vielfach Österreicher in führenden Positionen im NS-Regime bzw
Holy fuck, just put a major spoiler in the title
But as i said above most people have no clue why
He's now trying to get back into politics by trying to become mayor of Vienna
Jep, ANTIFA and the Communist Party (of Austria).
On a 30 year timeframe you can expect 7-11% I think.
Eta zu
They decided to unify without us.
Mütze = haubn
They don’t even have exit controls to check if you overstayed
The Swiss go shopping into neighboring countries all the time because food is less expensive there
I'm from Austria and nobody here knows that this is a Slovenian icon or symbol.
Then there are people who are just crazy and say "der Nutella" (masculine) but they are fortunately a tiny minority
If you wants to break ice with germans, praise Sonneborn
that was a pretty embarrassing loss yes
*angry Ulster noises*
Horrible German Schlager
Tütli
The point was that pulling random historical facts out of your hat does makes for a weak argument.
This kind of analogy is really hurting people here in Austria everytime it's brought up.
Maybe they had less smog problems if they bought more German cars.
My brothers history teacher this year:
Yo, what about the ÖBB
who is this guy and why did he deserve this strong lobbying push, and what did *he* do in return for the FPÖ?
That was my point ;)
The Green Party: They are a center-left, progressive party with a focus on environmentalism
&#x200B;
Eng mit dem Wort Austria verwandt sind auch die Namen Austrasien und Austrien für das Ostfrankenreich bzw
" When I first heard it in English, I thought this must be a very sloppy translation
the e-card was recently upgraded to include a picture to make misuse harder; sadly it's still not usable as proper id though, so that upgrade was kinda useless (and costly; thanks FPÖ)
Only five are from 2019
Go on from there
Additionally, if you want to make little adjustments (like adding more specific characters like ʒƷ), you [can do so] with the (now outdated, but still usable) [MS Keyboard Layout Creator] As something that we use so much each and every day, I think it's totally worth it to personalize our keyboard layout to our preferences
And I'm very glad this country has at least some common sense left
&#x200B;
Also why even go against any publication of pictures like Street View image data?
Boar with piglets are not known to give a fuck and usually are fucking dangerous
Otherwise not really any different from other Americans.
~15-20 minutes sitting in the tramway, reading a book, the newspaper, browsing reddit or watching random people
have you actually looked at the numbers?
Ever heard of a movie called "The Sound Of Music"? I sure didn' til I was 25
You really know how to piss off people
I mean if you buy some rather unknown brand or brand known for building cheap phones then yes
Let's see if Turkey allows the Russian police taking over the investigations.
like who looked at the keyboard and said let's switch these two characters but nothing else
Calling Trentino or Alto adige southern europe sounds silly to me
Ahh yes and nothing ever happened to the Armenians;)
After Corona: wearing face masks like the japanese when you are sick
And with Trump it's quite easy to have the opinion that literally anyone could do the job better.
The final court decision was not only about the difference, but that the former minister insisted on hiring the woman over him because she wanted to have a female for the job
I think Europe is not a nation, but Europe is the idea that it is possible to live together in peace and in democracy and to leave behind the history of millenia of war that this continent endured for a prosperous future
Not to forget Denmark sold its only Caribbean possessions in 1917
Your Kachelofen has no Kacheln dude
Then they move on to the next bar
Glad that there is no climate change
Des Liad ged ma derb aum beidl, owa mid der Üwasetzung siachi jz endli in tieferen Sinn dahinta
Edit: We also abbreviate other words, like "das" ("the") with s, but it doesn't appear without a noun that it's used with so idk if that counts
Granted, the way a lot of things are done in the UK parliament are archaic (like the "ays" and "noes"), but all in all they still have a level of politeness
the only elections in the world I have confidence in.
Honestly, not that much I think
Still think building new ones is not the way to go
Yeah
If you asked me how that even started, i asked if i can  play table tennis with them and they said to each other: "wat wil hij van ons
99, you pay 2
I doubt you'll manage to suffocate one in the alps though, it would probably rather freeze to death.
So I need to catch up on this part massively
But I doubt I'd think of it/remember, because it's so obvious to me that noone actually normally speaks perfectly proper standard German, especially not in Austria, that's weird, who does that
normally used when there's an a infront of it like in acht.
No problem, you deserve it <33
I live in bangkok for around 1/2 year and the amount of people who complain about their newly chosen / forced upon them home is staggering
Vote out everyone who voted in favour of these articles or other detrimental laws and directives, censorship etc
I already said above that I agree it should be illegal
In designated FKK areas, everybody
And it helps everyone
On par with places such as Austria, Germany, Norway, Sweden etc and not too far behind Switerzland.
Slavs are an european ethnicity, Russia is culturally much closer to Western Europe than Asia and Russia's history is closely tied to the history of whole Europe.
The first terror attack we in Vienna experienced for 40 years
Maybe it‘s for the better
rear wheel drive and winter tires
Oh yeah, right ;)
Henry II even became Duke of Bavaria for a short while after the Duchy was taken from [Henry the Proud] for not recognizing Conrad III, current King of the HRE
There is no way there is undrinkable water in the water reservoir
I think for Austria it‘s actually something really unexpected: [Hermann Maiers crash in Nagano]
*looks sad*
[Mensch Ärger dich nicht] ist the local Pachisi game variant
>E.g. "TIL Beavers won't chew on the sunny side of trees
I mean, like, it helps, a lot
This makes me  want the country even more
If there are any Austrians here, they should feel free to add more that are either in their home state or also well known
> Didn't the ~~Director~~ headmaster or principal [director = Regisseur] have anything to say against that
Right now driving I with the bus home
So my compassion for some of them is limited tbh
He is elected trough the parliamentary elections
* [Universalmuseum Joanneum] - Fun Fact by Wikipedia: _It is the oldest museum in Austria as well as the largest universal museum in central Europe with over 4
get over your selves you're human beings too you fucwads
First there is less demand because people usually want little baby's and not traumatised 12 year olds.
Just why
Speaking of a kids game, ["Tempo kleine Schnecke"] is not that old (from the 80's) but as it's easy to play every kindergarten and day care has it since then
I rather also be seen as Nazi
Many people in my valley think it’s the most beautiful place in the world, and yes, it is beautiful but most of the people who say that have never even left Austria
(I very much disagree with it, but I don‘t like arguing with people so let‘s just leave it at that
With the difference that we are way older and raised you, so you are more that teenager that doesn't listen to his parents anymore
For an invention from the "current austrian territory", I think I'd choose the Kaplan-Turbine, which is frequently used in hydropower plants
Hah
I think it also depends on the person, like don't you refer to it as Luna (poetic sense) and if English speaker make moon characters they are often female from my observations
Incomparable to FGM
I visited Helsinki this summer and expected to see this
Yesterday we took the frecciarossa high speed train to Naples, which was great
It’s not in German
"Rape" is a controversial translation "Abduction" would be more truthfull to the original intent of the Story
I'm amazed it's still holding together
And it always makes me feel icky, like I want to clean the floor after they've left
This makes no sense
The Baltic countries will probably atrophy into de facto city states as population decline will empty their countrysides and the remaining population moves to the capital or abroad
So like the india superpower by 2020 meme
Their hearts are in the Augustiner Church
And lamb shanks
do that makes him hated
They don't have to grant it if they don't like what you do with it.
It is a memorial for the first victims of the Nazi and it explicitly reminds us to never let that happen again
I am not personally responsible for neither
Otherwise I heard England is nice too in summer.
That is one good analogy
I really like Reese's but I can only it a small amount of it at a time, cuz they are so sweet.
Which one of them are the "neo-fascists"?
Yeah but biologically the Iberian peninsula is almost its own thing
It is possible that the Nazis would have won nevertheless but thats what happens when a Nation offers thousands of jobs to an austerity ridden nation (thanks mises you prick)
You want to distill x amount of mash, which will turn out to be ~y litres of pure alcohol
If someone has a problem with Frankreich, he has a problem with me
Linz is in fact much further from the Alps than Vienna
I scheiß mi au
Now working these jobs in Germany, what we served was mostly German wines, often produced in our own county (Baden-Württemberg), but sometimes from neighboring counties (i.e. Pfalz) or somewhere else in Germany
I feel like 40 is the age, where the popularity drops slightly, but in my age group it's very popular
I think the only place I've ever seen air conditioning is in movies
I've heard that being used as a slur for Latinos
There is no good German word for "savoury", for example
Good luck finding a parking space with a view of Stephansdom.
Some older condo complexes have masts that fly flags on 1st of may (Social Democrats) and on 26th of October (national holiday)
A lot of civilians dont know the difference
It started as a joke and now some grocery chains are selling it (allegedly)
There is a dated German name for the Czech Republic, *Tschechei* which is more similar to Czechia
And Alec Baldwin basically trying and failing to convince his younger self that cheating on his girlfriend with Ellen Page is a terrible idea is also very funny
The problem has to be your houses pipes
Consulates I believe are not foreign soil.
Yeah I tend to not use any commas at all in English
" - Douglas Adams
I'm talking once every 75 years
Last but not least, check out this nice [non-vocal flashmob version] that illustrates quite nicely on an emotional level why we can deem ourselves so happy to have something like the EU
Frohe Weihnachta
So much yuuuuuup
Servus, ich heiße Johann, es freut mich dich kennenzulernen
ORF (the public broadcaster) did a test with Nutella from Hungary against Nutella from Austria in Hungary and the people liked the Hungarian version more.
There is just so much less space where she is
German being ethnicity
There can be no debate that, no matter the reason, the Austro-Hungarian declaration of war against Serbia is what sparked WW1
The average is about 60 shots per year, most of them warning shots or to scare away animals
"Wos darad ma ohne handys
It was less about ideology in the beginning
I had no idea that this isn't said in Germany
But yeah
Certain people are meant to catch the bear and moss-man and the tree can only go further when they are caught
net (hardcore Bedwars)
lovely
Austrian here, we want to get fucking rid of Vienna but they just won’t leave
Thought the same :D. Not that I begrudge them
It would be an easier(?) way to get a visa, and would give you a manageable amount of time (
I don't think windows update was a thing until XP
And Halloween isn't really that "amazing" or "special" when you don't have nostalgic childhood memories of it
I have never seen that either, still that drink is a staple here
expensive fuel prices and people not stopping at zebra crossings are missing
It certainly isn't that hot here haha :)
Have some fun but be prepared to take responsibility
Austria is quite high up for a country with a lot of area where trees simply can't grow
Pff, you just didn't know what's best for you ;)
Edit: Tough crowd
The accounts were changed with January 1st 2002.
[Deleted] means that the submitter deleted it.
No I'm not fine with it but forced medical procedures are worse - dictatorship style
There were only a few tourists (mostly from England) when I've been there in 2012
yeah, but both are military agencies and more comparable to the DIA
That's likely different in tyrol
The two class system
So i wanted to have reply from someone who knows the laws/topic.
There seem to be a few lawyers (or law students) there and they give very helpful info in legal matters.
Und wie isses dort
How is that not interfering in the affairs of the region?
Leberkäsesemmerl sales would hit rock bottom
My south tyrolean neighbor shudders when I mention that I sometimes add a bit of Berbecue ketchup when I make sugo
Around 2000IU / day, and take it with a meal for better absorption
What could be so bad about chewing gum that they thought they have to ban it
Well, I think many countries do, just often it's not publicly known
> Netherlands = Alankomaat
Me too
I wanted to ask you if you‘re from Bavaria until I saw the flare-
You never had a good pizza wheel then
And people also upgrade their old doors to self locking
The whole premise of the subreddit poisons the attitude of the discussion there.
I had to read most of them too
Or only as far as it has to be - so if there is again an open sky agreement the EU will force Spain to open its airspace for 1st freedom flights to Gibraltar but if it doesn’t exist ? How should the EU enforce someting that doesn’t exist
best dialect though, I'll hand them that
Nix Strudel und Weihnachtskekse
But: Without Hitler the consequences might have not been that terrible
But overall: don't speak too loudly, don't tell us how everything is better in the US and don't expect customer service to crawl up your ass and you'll be fine
I guess there is the unspoken rule of don't ask, don't tell about this topic in Austria
I can't give you a proper source as I doubt it has ever been studied but it is an observation made by quite a few people like for example here
Rent and public transport prices are wild in Germany
but in a way this whole process reaffirmed them in why they wanted to leave in the first place
Depends on who you mean by leader.
Almost everything that was planned got cancelled for us
FYI: the email provider thats being used by snowden and assage hasn't updated its warrant canary recently.
Not really
You could consider the MSCI World index if you want to have a single investment.
I think it's not that hard to understand us, but even I sometimes struggle to understand the older generations because they still use dialect words that we don't use anymore
The downsite I See ist there a doctors, who choose to not fully corporate with the insurances, which results essentially in a "2 class health Care". like He is more expensive than their tarife, so you pay him fully and the insurance pays you their tarife back
The bride is kidnapped by family members to another room in the tavern and to get to her the groom has to fulfill multiple tasks, like walking over the long table and giving a kiss to every woman and having a drink with every man sitting at it until he can reach his bride at the end of it
- "Einen Polnischen (Abgang) machen", to do a Polish (exit), is something I've heard
Der / Das Pool
Apperently, this means that the financial industry will not retain its passporting rights and therefore not be able to access the european market from the EU.
It should really be very simple
In what world is Doppelmayr unknown to the general public
Generally very clean, except for dog poop.
Only properly screened migrants should be allowed to roam freely.
Social insurances (GKK, SVA etc
Somewhat of a wild maritime borderzone in the backyard, including everything from Island fortresses to pirates
Do you believe he won previous ellections legitimately, or were the outcomes altered in his favour
With refexence or wothout
When it comes to less disgusting nationalists appreciating Austria and not the Ostmark its mostly the reign of Franz Joseph, and especially the Gründerzeit which gets romanticised
ostrich, second meaning: “a person who refuses to face reality or accept facts“
It's more of an attitude question.
Let's just allow child labor in coal mines again then
I personally consider somebody poor who lives in tiny flat, can't go on holiday and struggles affording small things like a cinema-visit, comfortable shoes, barber, etc
District of Amstetten, so no but not too far off
13th century-1918: Great power of Europe
The only game that's really available in my native language is minecraft lol
Tokyo, yokohama, hiroshima, nagasaki, nagano, osaka
Yeah bruh because if the Germans would have won wwi everyone would have been enslaved
TIL André Rieu is considered Austrian even though he actually is Dutch.
Also I think it's hard to know what you'd actually miss without having had the experience of being abroad and really, really *missing* some things you know from home
I'm for a point-based-system like Canada has.
Both Linz (Roman "Lentia") and Vienna (Roman "Vindobona") were fortifications at the Danube, which was the Limes/border between the Roman empire and what the Romans called Germania
It happened at night though (like 10
Do not rent a car, it's crazy expensive and nerve-racking.
Voicing your distain for somebody's belief itself doesn't impede their ability to stay religious
Obviously the rural areas, but also the city of Salzburg itself.
000 non-jewish Austrians who lost their life in active resisttance against the Nazis and our first cancellors were send to concentration camps or had to flee the country
So a filthy foreigner has been stealing Austrian taxpayers' money?
Someone like yoouuuuuuu
I'm learning a few less common languages so maybe I'll be able to use something more obscure once I have kids :)
You never had a good pizza wheel then
i hope i didn't overdo it again
If you do not have a job/place of study after 3 months or can't prove you are financially self reliant (meaning you do not need the social security net) you are ordered to leave, if you do not comply you get deported
Who would
What's more common here is that some kind of stuff was found in the water that makes it unfit for consumption, most of the time a higher concentration of some mineral rather than some sort of bacteria
I believe when half of it is gone
Worse
Greater burgenland (hungary)
In older times there was a different saying though
Not a German, but an Austrian
"Laberl" mit langem "a" oida
The story is apocryphical and never once mentioned in official documents
All the 1st Republic Presidents (Seitz, Hainisch, Miklas) were born in Lower Austria (Seitz was born in Vienna, which was still part of Lower Austria)
Sure the grammar is easy, but when it comes to pronunciation it's like you decided "fuck it, we don't need rules". Entitled native speakers really are infuriating
[Crazy gibberish
I have only been there 3 times but I am somewhat familiar with things like very basic language, the food or Islam
Now lets see how the name has developed in other Germanic languages: Swedish Österrike, Danish Østrig, Frisian Eastenryk, Faroe Eysturríki, Norwegian Austerrike, Dutch Oostenrijk, Scots Austrick, Icelandic Austurríki
Vorstadtweiber, Soko Donau we dont really do anything besides crime shows
The other option of trying to create infant industries in these countries is highly unlikely as most subsidies and contracts have to be written out EU-wide and protectionism is de jure and de facto impossible
Sadly its raining at my place :(
Some of them have extensive intriguing history ofc
I received a wish
Left for school at 06:10 and came home (10hday) at 17:30
It's just that it's mostly known in combination with right-wing parties, because people often ignore countries like Greece.
I just wann to add, that at the Austria/Italy/Slovenia Border, there is a Ski area where you can ski in all three countries without even noticing it really
North and South America have huge untouched parts
well in Vienna it's not called Eiskasten for no reason
Your president doing what he has promised before the elections is a domestic issue.
Thanks
* sex
Seriously
That there seemed to be no normal restaurants like we have in Europe
But Rothenburg
Well I had that in the USA
You cannot get much more ‘morally inferior’ than that
Then there is also Schüttmeter for a m³ in a pile
If you're under 18 you can get your teeth fixed with braces for free or at least receive an 80% refund.
They are here but rare, but there are [smaller version] called "Marterl" or "Bildstock" and are very common
Not at all, really
The [old ones] are glued into the socket and you have to twist the plug 90° to be able to plug it into the socket
"Our movement"!!! Oh my god :D :D Thanks so much for sharing this gem
I always wonder how much of what they say is true and how much of it is bias, so I find it interesting to see that you seem to have a similar impression as they do
If you're a yodelling hillbilly
I live in the country's capital, and could take an afternoon bike trip to be in another capital altogether: different country, different language, etc
kackwurst
I rather dislike the bad writing and cinematography about the more recent Marvel movies, so I haven't watched the current one.
So is this really how it happened, they built those beautiful solid structures for an Expo only to be removed 6 months later
I also never heard it in German
Gin tonic with a slice of cucumber, crackin summer drink
STS in general have a ton of great songs and translated covers
[Save your internet
Green by far, I like both but prefer black ones on my pizza
If you get into an accidant, they will be living projectiles in your car, that endanger your safety.
Remaining in the single market and leaving the EU is exactly the opposite.
"Scho recht
Some background on this: The ÖVP is traditionally a federal party where power is distributed over State Leaders, Chamber Leaders (all except Workers Chamber) and the Main party
But not a historical fact
Basic dentistry is "for free" in most countries.
- you can imagine it much better then just seeing the ruins and reading text in a guide book.
The floor on street level is the Erdgeschoß or Parterre or Ground floor, in some buildings have a Hochparterre or Tiefparterre a ground floor that isn't actually on the level of the street (above or below)
I read Minjung as Mischung and was confused as to why your dad calls you an alcoholic drink (wine + mineral water/soda, I think it‘s called Weinschorle in Germany)
In Austria there are three Supreme courts
* mode - (Mode = fashion)
I was often greeted in French and Italian
do tourists take part of this too??
German/Austrian beer is generally better than Belgian beer and the stuff they call beer in the US
Austria finally won one yesterday.
Jokes about death are always a burner
I don't know why it started, I don't know who won or why it ended and I don't know which countries were involved
Some Austrians are going crazy if you even say the word "atom", still no problem using imported nuclear energy tho.
I barely understand a thing but i'll listen for hours
(I personally don't like it, though)
There's less of a difference than AE/BE for instance, since it's mostly about exchanging lexical items (cookies - biscuits for instance, which actually has it's German equivalence in Plätzchen - Kekse, although both are used in Germany, I have yet to see anyone say Plätzchen in Austria), but essentially never about orthography (things like neighbour - neighbor, centre - center don't exist).
> I know my stance on this won't make a difference
Here in the west I haven't even seen that one yet, everyone uses the Standard german Dictionary from Duden for Austria.
The flats are quite nice there, and it has a lot of open green space around and between and it's right next to a big park (Schweizergarten)
Insecure or showing off
No, high German is what developed in Germany as a "common denominator German". But while in Austria (and probably all German speaking nations besides Germany) it is much more common to speak dialect, but *write* in high German, Germans have widely adopted it for speaking as well
English natives struggled, but for the German-speakers it was just a simple matter of "ah, so 'no desu' is just like asking a question with 'denn' vs
A restaurant owner will need more staff
Yeah just saying moin probably does it ;)
Does he know that that's not a lady he's holding
I always kept the most recent issue in the toilet reading shelf
> Do you need to slow down
There's several foreign journalists with double nationality in Turkish prisons
In exchange he has to promise the child to the witch (I mean, of course)
Merry Christmas
They are obviously either trolls or shills.
Standard MO: They enter a enclosure with a dog on a leash, come close to a Mother who has calved
E.g. longer country names have of course a translation (e.g. Vereinigte Staaten von Amerika for the USA, but "USA", the letters pronounced in German, is used too)
Die Schachnovelle
An Austrian that doesn't like Schnitzel
Thank you Lowlander
We lost most of our land,economy and all of our prestige and power
the kenyan man asks him "dont you think it could be mine one?" the austrian answers "sure thing, but do you think i would risk taking the german one?"
Yeah, the 'switch immediately' is kinda the point.
There is also other fruits that can be used, like plums or strawberries, but these are not as "classic".
Seriously - what did you expect ?
During the dictatorship he used to smuggle stuff from France to Spain for a living, since he lives very close to the two countries' official border
We should still be able to get out of our group, but everything more would be a huge surprise to me tbh
That's a wholesome fact if i've ever heard one
It's virtually suicide
If you are in the center or left, you will dislike the FPÖ and ÖVP
Jk, I think we would just use sponges or brushes to clean the sink
you cant just elect someone who is known to be corrupt and has been proved to be, and be done with it and say oh well at least we didnt get the other one.
Not sure about your sources tho
We have beautiful lakes and mountains and lots of interesting history and culture
Bydgoszcz in Poland (German: Bromberg) for me
I guess "Restoesterreich" (residual Austria) would be one term
Country music belongs to our more idealised views of the States.
Yes, Magister and Diplom-Ingenieur absolutely get mentioned.
But yeah, embezzlers are also a risk that the people need to watch out for
Is Murrelli even available Austrian wide
Well, we like to joke about Germans
Time for a revolution
Really appreciate the answer
> If you say for example you have to drive 5 miles a day that means nothing to us
Hershey bars, Butterfinger and Life Savers are not available in Austria at least.
If it doesn't make money for big business, ÖVP don't care
Just imagine if someone would have to pay, even if just a part of it
they sitting on the rocky Islands, AFAIK they are often depicted with Eagle wings and claws
No, if it is about English alone
I bet these countries also have a variety of differently "shaded" people.
In the touristy city center, you won't see many (beware of scammers and pickpockets instead)
You don’t go to the beach or the pool per taxi, you walk around outside in the city at places/a park/a trip/whatever at some point or you are on a terrace
Uhm
> he should be able to express the view while others should be able to comment on that view
Just adding that the chancellor is appointed by the president
Most were built when the USSR was still around, as far as I know.
The day long hiking trip in last elementary school year (from Gaberl to großer Speik and back)
It works easily for Austrian dialects to switch to Austrian Hochdeutsch
Well, PBS already exists and you could model it after many of the European broadcasters, so it isn't a particularly complex problem.
Not to mention non-Austro-Bavarians
It was hypocrisy, bitch face Merkel was actually thinking about closing the german [borders]
Pretty much a non-issue at this point
Very often war weapons from the balkan wars that are still in circulation on the black market.
Don't forget them being Sicilian before that
Sadly, we introduced it again and then years later banished it again, so France was the first country to banish it forever
Being hit with an ice hockey stick when exiting public transport, by some drunk youth, who couldn't wait until people are out before getting in
Weekend and day trips out of the city still require the use of my car, though and my husband also had a car
while having carpet floors
The whole idea of citizenships is a bit absurd in a globalized world
I went to a Gymnasium then HAK
" Said Prince Metternich to the student on the way to the kitchen
Other examples - for whatever reason Croatian nationals need a visa to Thailand and won’t get a VOA as the other 27 citizens of EU member states
You've been banned from /r/aeiou
I'm sure there are english versions of this classics as well.
3) in cities: if parking fees should be introduced and parking space managed/limited, or not (parking fees and city toll, bring it on baby
But you'll find them in different parts of Germany as well.
Finland, July 2020
things improved (honestly Warsaw in the mid 90s compared to today is like night and day) but from what I remember the promises and expectations were so much bigger - wealth, freedom, equality
Italy: i love your way of life, your capacity to enjoy good and beautiful things, be it food, cars or fashion
[Yes it does, but almost nobody has one
I am not much of an expert in drama or acting, but this was the first time that I saw an actor's performance and went "wow" during the film.
Do the math, if she doesn't go somewhere daily, and/or only over short distances, even taxis are cheaper than the all-in price of a car (buying price, insurance, repairs, gas, ...)
They even serve fries with god damn vinegar.
I use it only if i have to i.e. work and internet things
Yeah, I really should watch the movie at some point.
The heart piece of our constitution has never been changed since 1920 afaik
Corruption is corruption, it doesn't matter if it is within a democracy or autocracy, republic or monarchy
When you grow up in a non-english speaking country, american media all just blurrs together
So why shouldn't we be allowed to call ultra nationalists racist
Add mostly an a to the end except for fia and nä who change to fiara and näna since else it sounds stupid
As long as you guys are happy with a border straight through your island.
This
Never
I thought one of my friends family was poor
Nah, that's just me
the steak was medium rare, complete opposite of schnitzel masterrace
Almost no-one in europe views socialism as something to aspire to
Much quicker and easy to use than a pizza wheel
Dual citizenship is only allowed in some exceptions
North border is the Danube and Sava river
Slovakia wasn't in the Soviet Union
You should do a Eurovision song
> Die Presse
First, what's called libertarian in the US is called liberal over here in Europe (while what you call liberals we would just call left-wing if I'm understanding it correctly).
So I gave it a thought and it must have something to do with all those German YTers and streamers
It got more relaxed than 20 years ago but if you say "Du" to an old lady or - god forbid - to a doctor you are seen as immensely unfriendly
During the times where Habsburg reigned, Prague was actually the most important city, followed by Vienna
Ah i remember back when I was in Ireland with my friends (all of us staunch non supporters of man united) when it came to which club you Irish support almost everyone said: „anyone BUT united”.
Does an airgun at an [amusement park]#/media/File:Schiessbude3.jpg) count?
Maybe that's why I became an ~~alcoholic~~ someone with unhealthy drinking habits
Yeah, many joke about taking back Südtirol, a state in Italy that still to this day has a german speaking majority in almost all of it, despite attempts of "italianization" by Mussolini
Have you already lectured the suiss - german talking people of switzerland, that the name of their dialect is retarded?
At said ceremony, the commander of the villages Wehrmacht soldiers should "bless" the upcoming building process by hitting the first of the foundament plates to be laid down with a hammer, something along the lines of "three hits for the Führer". In his enthusiasm, he hit the plate so hard that it broke apart
Beer and Waffles
you mean the 500m fence at the border that wasn't build?
I'm pretty sure it's not a very widely held opinion.
Frehliche Weihnocht (Austrian German)
Like seriously, I think the importance "the talk" with the parents is blown way out of proportion, especially considering how most parents don't even know how to appoach the topic themselves
Grey, mushy and utterly disgusting?
You don't really need it for anything befor that
I don't get why, but a lot of people wear them
holy Roman empire is not germany
Even if you lose every other dime, you have $638,400 per year you didn't have before that will keep coming in until the United States falls into chaos
And my gf went ballistic, and started talking about the absolutely disgusting manada case, where the perpetrators were – among other things – a soldier and a Guardia Civil I think, and all of them muy españoles, y mucho españoles
Romanians live there ?
they were all also very popular here, also "Niklaas, ein Junge aus Flandern"
> Die Bart, die
you cannot buy an assault rifle
> No, we are not populated by vampires
Towns with the name [Öd] in Austria and Bavaria literally meaning ~"dull".
Because they are either paid advertisers/influencers/astroturfer/whatever they are called these days, or there's already 5% apple kool aid in their bloodstream and they don't want the EU to hurt their good friend Apple
I already proposed Baiern in another comment.
Great display of why your likes shouldn't be allowed to join.
since austria (and all of those gentlemen) is a bit older than germany i doubt that.
For cups you have [these things] to measure
Reminds me of massages in SEA
Seven wonders was the question
Lolwut
> trading football stickers to make your sticker album full\
I'd say we are pretty fucked
Wiener Würstchen / Frankfurter
So a lot of my life is rather boring
He never heard of them again
Salzburg & Innsbruck are everything you are looking for in terms of culture and skiing and being cities that feel more like small towns ...
Austria: Some have "Reiberdatsch" under various names, it's a fried potato mass mixed with egg and flour, looks a little bit like a pancake
Oh, and in the morning they just show exactly the same things they broadcasted the previous afternoon
I'll give you a new point of view
One thing though, your rail network is in dire need of improvements
Furthermore, Northern Europe is the part of Europe that has remained totally Protestant with a low development density
You northerners had your chance, it's time for some real schnitzling
And of course vorarlberger are the worst at differentiating eastern dialekts, most of them think i am styrian even though i am not barking at all
Germain) and the inhabitants were given the choice in local referenda in 1921
Id vote for the latter, which the Hymn being language sung in the country the singing is occurring.
If it walks like a duck and quacks like a duck it is most likely a duck
5 to 2km of copper)
This week I did a bunch of cycling in the center of Vienna and counted several cars, bikes and pedestrians not following various rules (almost hit a ped because of their flagrant disregard for the rules)
That is especially true for the nobility
I'm pretty sure most of us Europeans and a sizable chunk of your fellow Americans rather have free healthcare, labour laws which benefit employees instead of employers and proper social benefits than your great "freedom from".
Or, just because I'm guessing you're speaking Italian, you might be interested in this [alternative version with latin lyrics] with the Italian down in the comment
My voice is softer in german than it is in English
but i will do my best to establish it, poland
i would also recommend Kozel from czech rep.(i think they export a lot too, at least in europe)
Please, for the health of your brain, stop using logic when it comes to anything that has to do with Austrian politics.
I think you are a bit too far west if you exclude Hungary, but include the Dutch parts of the low countries
I can't take it seriously anymore, I could probably throw it away as surely some shit is going to go down.
The answer should be so obvious that I don't know if that's your actual question.
I roam the streets on street view and I read into history and places
First, you learn how to read and write print letters
This blew up our right-wing government, made him loose all his positions and income, and there's multiple investigations going on
It depends on where in Austria.
You northerners had your chance, it's time for some real schnitzling
He lived in the land that is today Austria, he got famous in Austria and I realy don't understand why Germans believe that he was German.
I just love it
Oh I got another one, worked for a company in the defence industry as a software development intern (must have been in 2010 or so)
Wir haben zwar nicht versucht, die Annexion zu bekämpfen, besonders erfolgreich wäre eine militärische Auseinandersetzung mit Deutschland sowieso nicht gewesen
Because international press was only interested in a "Austria is so nazi" headline.
They also are the traditional voice of farmers and rural voters
Maybe these ppl are from countries where regional minorities seem to have a hard time
Without that we wouldn’t get dubbed movies, websites, operating systems and so on in our language
It just refers to a guy getting drunk with his friends before the wedding, sometimes referred to as his "last night as a free man".
That was before the unifcation
Also the Austrian-Italian border
But other times, it describes just one country, and neither from the structure nor the text details it is visible which one
First you exported them to us then you didn't take em back
that out of the way - you will meet so many awesome people and have great experiences!
Viele Rote sehen in ihm einen Arbeitermörder und klerikal-faschistischen autoritären Diktator, der das Rad der Zeit am liebsten um 150 Jahre zurückgedreht hätte, der politische Gegner über paramilitärische Milizen verfolgen ließ, Frauen zurück an den Herd verbannen wollte, der kath
That’s actually a very nice and transparent move
Wir müssen die deutsche sprache streamlinen um value zu adden
Copied from above: It's because it makes as much sense as other shirts with English words on them, like "University of New York" or "Surfing Championship '85". Any significance in meaning that might have existed over the pond is gone; over here, it's always just words so the shirt doesn't look empty
I'd still visit
Or if you have "sketchy" neigbours
(just sharing the English version of the article)
Cooking and baking some nice treat when friends of family are over is widespread, basic cooking skills are taught in school, girls and boys equally
Gibraltar on the other hand will be non EU territory and thus can be treated as such in any way
We built much more massive with a bigger emphasis on quality  and durability
I don't hate them
There were multiple plans for that before WW1, support by the heir to the empire, no less
Last time around we went into the Euro with overconfidence and were shot down by Iceland and Hungary
It's a hard race haha
Who knows, maybe they regularily even try to do it now too, but it's just that nobody in the rest of Austria understands them
National movements about wanting to leave EU is one thing, actively trying to destroy EU and other countries' economies because my well being isn't in their interest is on a whole new level.
Browsing some websites of companies gives the same impression, I don't see any single-direction ones
>Many cultures have a quiet Sunday, but I don't think anyone takes it as seriously as we do
There‘s also a village I know that’s called St
Nothing confirmed yet, so we know only half the story.
We have the saying *'Austria has 8 million team coaches'* for when everyone always knows everything better concerning the national football team.
Burning down villages, executing thousands of civilians because they suspected them to be spying
generally i'm very much against the concept.
Welcome to the Club (Austria, Finland - perhaps others)
The Brenner films (2000-?)
Yes and no, usually the president does not use his powers, but if he wants to he can remove the entire Cabinet from office.
So chances are many natives aren't going to understand this word)
It‘s sad
Tiny village in Northern Germany
We built one plant and then never used it.
Alfred Adler
That the same people who fight for "small government" and don't trust that the government can do anything right want that same state have the right to kill people
"? Or Duke Of Pöstlingbergbahn"? I hope I understood that right
we don't see it as cheese here, more like its own thing among milk products, like cream or yoghurt
Since it's South-German it is very close to Austria and reports on us more frequently than others as far as I am aware and it is also widely respected (iirc it was the newspaper that was initially approached with the data from the Panama leak)
I agree with Loch Ness, but Edinburgh Castle was really beautiful and worth the visit
South East Asia has a lot going for it.
The data-buckets for this graphic are weirdly big
And when you tell them this is a bad strategy to get rid of racism they call you a racist...
Related to bread but not really bread bread
You need a licensed company(there are close to none), you need to inform the state administration, city administration and veterinary Department and the city districts administration
> ...maybe the preference for carbonated water is unique to here
You're lumping people together for no apparent reason.
A higher fine would suffice
Greek and Russian
> I am astonished that you read "In Stahlgewittern"!
...please continue
I guess you could add "but in dialect" after everything
5°C can be extremely cold and -5°C can be comfortable depending on wind and humidity
Fritzl on the other hand ran a fully fledged family basement.
2012-2018: 37 shots were fired at people
I want to be there
I'm from austria
I think „Braut stehlen“ (Bride stealing) is exclusive to my country (?)
I chose 4 for Vienna, and 2 in Salzburg along wit 2 in Styria
It usually is used between friends and acquaintances, not for people you don't know or have to interact in a professional manner with
Cities, that still exist
I have a polish friend and I understand some polish too due to my mother being polish and if he or I speak polish my Hungarian friend sometimes understands a word or two
And now you won’t even have the economic benefits
Always expect the ÖVP to vote against the best interest of the common worker/employee
Not a really fun-fact: today, 74 years ago St
To Vienna, where they belong
They made commemorative Sisi *everything* in the aftermath and flooded souvenir shops in Austria and abroad
that weird unfunny thing Germans like watching at Christmas
This will be an attempt to develop a faithful model of cultural spaces excluding national and political intentions while applying factors that (1) leave perceptible effects in the cultural landscape, (2) have a co-determining effect on the attitudes and behaviour of people, (3) are critical factors for today's social, political and economic situations, and (4) provide a spatial breakdown that don't change rapidly
Cause you can't be sure if they really end up in jail in iraq?
When i lived in a house with my parents the doors would be locked only during night
I mean that if a newspaper here would write about for example federal law in the US, they wouldn't use the english words "federal law" in their text, they would use german words to describe what it means.
Das Joghurt, oder ? I just had do go trough all pronouns and all seems right
although not so sure about the C part in this instance
I'd guess the ["Ibiza affair"] when a video of our then vice chancellor was leaked where he was drunk, in a tank top, on a Finca in Ibiza, trying to sell Austrian water and our largest newspaper to a faux niece of a russian oligarch
>not in one bottle
There are already so many people that are required to work on Sundays, i don't think we should force this on anyone
Ahhh, I mixed it up in my mind with a completely different book series
[The whole region of Europe] - Well-known, but in a version I really like: slow and silent at the beginning, but oh so great once people realize how great it is to stand united in friendship!
We are talking about alpine skiing, which we are the best at
Waunst maanst
English of course, I'm not a monster (also our coding standard and common sense demand it)
Double Standards
They're just making it really really really really really uncomfortable for women to be there.
The "Fixit" petition was launched in June by the youth organization of the country's co-ruling, eurosceptic Finns party in the wake of Britain's referendum vote to leave the EU.
This essentially means that they always had the same doctor (Wahlarzt) and while my boyfriend didn't work, he was covered by their insurance, so he had the same doctor as well.
Personally, I was super enthusiastic.
Despite winning against Italy on the battlefield
Edit: spelling
Rural areas exist in Europe too, you know
Sadly some places are not like that)
We quickly turned around then
No it's definitely not an American thing
The only Austrians I know who go to Slovakia for shopping are Slovaks living in Austria :D
Or only as far as it has to be - so if there is again an open sky agreement the EU will force Spain to open its airspace for 1st freedom flights to Gibraltar but if it doesn’t exist ? How should the EU enforce someting that doesn’t exist
Who is behind it
Antwerpen
Yanks a lot
Goethe's Faust was dull af
You can say he was a bad and dictatorial ruler, but insane
Care to explain your reason
So, following this logic:
All the time
> Ich frage mich wirklich, welche sehr komplizierten Prozesse in seinem Gehirn passiert sind, dass er auf diese Theorie gekommen ist
Yes vienna is similar to some cities of germany but vienna isn't similar to the rest of austria
If it's a longer way they take the bus
So I only know 2 private universities and they are for psychology and medicine
If I offer those dishes to my friends from the US or Asia they mostly are a bit skeptical but like it after a few bites
Beautiful and sad at the same time
But some Austrian dialects (like in Lungau) are a bit special and spoken by very few people
Cool
Da es nur ein Dorf war, hab ich Cities unter Anführungsstriche gesetzt
However as soon as you get into a city and you greet a stranger they look at you as if you just said “go fuck yourself”.
Birth control pill and nuclear splitting
It's wrong in Swiss German too
the end
I'm just physically present but only because I have to, I don't think I've learned a single thing in those English lessons
Holocaust denial is not racism, even if a racist is doing it...
I’ve actually never seen or heard of someone cutting pizza with scissors
[Here's something to feel wholesome to, we're all in this together <3]
The tailor with his huge scissors is drawn so dynamically and swift
the amount and variety of pastries and cakes are pretty much the best part of our cuisine by far, but for some reason this specific one gets basically all of the attention
I wouldn't like cursive either if I thought *this* is what it was supposed to look like
Technically true, but then again they impose sanctions on countries with a less horrible track record than Bararia Arabia.
I mean, they even electrocute their breadcrumbs, not sure what kind of hate the have toward this type of food
So what's the crucial difference between two forms of organic material without sentience if I may ask?
This is a very local thing, but every year on the first day that the sun sets before all work is done/closingtime and artificial lights have to be turned on, the owner of the business will invite his workers out for food and drink
I was afraid a "I actually don't like the thing you asked about" answer wouldn't be welcome.
Also, not even high school kids need to be in class after 4pm
Nope, borders are "open" there
Never seen anyone drunkenly sing at any point anywhere
In Austria it's basically the same.
If the point of the map is to illustrate a higher tendency of male vs female suicides per country it's doing its job just fine.
In 2017, the site Historic Centre of Vienna was inscribed on the list of World Heritage in Danger due to planned new high-rise buildings
Since we have English classes from elementary school up, and English is one of the subjects you must graduate in, I'd say yes, especially for everyone under 40-50
apart from some already mentioned:
It has nothing to do with standard of living or government policies.
They remind me of what we in Austria use for the game of [Schnapsen] The symbols are totally different, though
However, still the US are the biggest supply of weapons to the Middle East and especially they have to be held accountable.
You really don't have to clean up organic matter like pumpkin seed peels
Innocent people getting punched by extremist terrorists
It's finally time for you to split up
Italy has a shitton of classical music everyone instantly recognizes (maybe not by the name but by the music), e.g.:
I was also confused at first, but at the end of the .gif he uses another longsword to hit the longsword.
Similarly some words of Germanic origin are very obvious for German natives while they may seem impressive for English natives
Switzerland/Norway/Iceland/Australia/New Zealand
There is no central register for paper ids, only paper registries
To strive, to seek, to find, and not to yield."
This is why you don't make a deal with the "devil" (or someone really unrelieable) and instead implement your own solution..
This makes me feel proud of my country and our public transport
I'm lonely af :(
For main subjects (German, Math, English) we often had two homework notebooks that would be handed in in an alternating manner, in that case sometimes the color was mandated by the teacher
Europe has always been best and richest.
RocknRolla was not that bad TBH.
Both Linz and Graz are quite uninteresting compared to Salzburg and Innsbruck
I think it kind of sucks but I suppose it's better that way in the long tern
But not part of the continent)
You can get this hot in most grocery stores, many bakeries, butchers etc
That’s not hostility
I'm not sure what you're trying to tell me
[Ferdinand I] (ruler of Austria and later also Hungary, 1835-1848), also called **Ferdinand der Gütige (Ferdinand the Benevolent)**.
Yeah, now that you mention it, I can't remember the last time i saw them either.
Not really too much
I'm a programmer so definitely US qwerty but i also have german qwerty and slovak qwerty installed when i need them
But as for this picture (and I know this particular castle is very famous for it's beauty), I don't see what makes it look Scottish or Irish.
] It's all marble and hardwood and Art Noveau
If you like 80s-style music you will enjoy her
Revanche
If I had the least bit of programming knowledge, it would be what I was working on.
As if that 800-inhabitants-town hadn't way too much tourism anyway
I guess google translate missguided me a bit then, cause i didnt hear the ü in kyss, but yeah, close enough.
Almost only about the nsdap, the holocaust and the Anschluss
meanwhile I pay 40€ for a shitty scam 10mbit and 15 upload
Not sure how widespread in Europe this is but in Austria and Germany it's pretty important to keep eye contact when you cheers with someone.
What about Occitan or Provencal
Yes
Then again, I kind of understand that
You can't win when the enemy out numbers you at least 4 to 1 on all fronts.
org or dict
I'll try to keep expanding the section on the wiki as there really seems to be some interest in this.
Kapuzinerkirche (Church)
Geil
It's the opposite here
My gf is from Gipuzkoa, and she always says how Bilbainos are all unos flipados and how they are super fixated on Bilbao
Edit: All of my german friends did too
Buying
Except perhaps Ukraine, where I know for a fact, there has been a least two fist-fights involving more than 3 MP's in the last 10 years
Pretty sure if anything, he just suspended his membership, which is a custom with Austrian presidents.
Are there some special meme formats used more in your language/country other than what's "hot"?
You personally don't like how you think all Germans dress
I thought it's more of exception there
so that the russian government can't silence him?
No but I only can speak for your gas stations, really
Glock 9mm
Such a good show, can't stop watching
I blame your education system
Also, you don't get a "Tüte" for your purchases
For the most part though, I feel like understanding English pronunciation is just a matter of experience.
Vienna
I used to live in the 15th district, near the crossing Johnstraße/Hütteldorfer Straße.
Never seen anyone drunkenly sing at any point anywhere
I enjoy them quite a bit
I imagine that can lead to some misunderstandings in bed
Regel 3:
Yes it is
Thermostat in my apartment is always set to 23° but I think it's off, feels more like 21-22°.
Why not just pronounce it the way you say cone
To me this stuff sounds just like a crazy inefficient work culture.
Pretty sure that turning into a Sweden is not a bad thing though?
They weren't a part of the military though
One of his fathers is my grandpa but the other one isn't.
That was not too obvious ;) but Kaiserschmarrn isn't stuffed.
I'd take a bath in the stuff
If you don't use your dialekt you don't use part of your culture and you are going to be just another prussian (north german) like everyone else
Let's put it this way, I would certainly feel *more* devastated if St
Thank you
All of this lead to the reintegration in WW2
Try getting Haschee in Vienna
We have, and we only have 8 million people
But Rothenburg
>Switzerland by a margin
I think for Austria it‘s actually something really unexpected: [Hermann Maiers crash in Nagano]
A map of it with the most of them labeled
Cannot agree more
*looks out the window* ...right.
Savero	IT
But he grew up mostly in Ireland, so he has a very slight but definitely notable accent
This looks like a shot from Stargate lol
if it‘s one guy, okay
And just because hungary got a better deal doesn't mean they don't count.
Austrian standard German is proper German
Hollande said firmness was absolutely necessary otherwise “the principles of the European Union will be questioned” and “other countries or other parties will be minded to leave the European Union in order to have the supposed benefits and no downsides or rules”.
But I am sure some skiing areas (like Ischgl) are in the winter season very crowded by tourists too
50% of Britons feel they're a citizen of the EU.
Italy is a very very old-fashioned country
Gig economy jobs are eroding worker's rights, and it's important that unions keep up with that
It means "not everything Hitler did was good" and is making fun of the saying "not everything Hitler did was bad". It's not something I'd say to my boss, a stranger, or my girlfriend's family, but among my friends and my family it always gets a laugh
The only reason they voted for that is because everyone at the time hated the new Austrian state and wanted to get out.
The left has hated him for *decades*. And even though he didn't really take any damage with his fans after the Ibiza scandal, the subsequent "Spesen" scandal of him misappropriating official party money (=tax money) and buying Gucci handbags for his wife from that money, and paying his rent with money from his political party etc
Really, if you know how to plaster random words together then you can make up words of your own and everybody will understand it
I'ts even worse there because it's his hometown
Yes, the "we were the poor first innocent victims of the bad, bad Nazis" idea was common until the late 90s, since then we've pretty much stopped that and stand by what happened
President Van der Bellen is attending the centenary, he is just not in this picture
If the sea levels rise enough, we Austrians will get our sweet sea access back again without having to start another world war
Where there is equality and solidarity on the left, there is responsibility for oneself and others in christian democracy
I was once in Lithuania and tried to learn some phrases, but all I still remember is Dziugas :D
I love the country I grew up with and I do love my culture.
But we all are like "nah Austrians aren't generous at all".
In order to have same-nonaustrian-ethnicity couples you either already have your spouce before moving to Austria, or decide to specifically date within your religion/ethnicity (or let your parents set you up with someone from the "old country").
[Martin van Buren] is making a political comeback
I like it best when they claim in their budget that the 'Verwaltungsreform' will bring so-and-so many millions, and then go and spend that money somewhere, while never actually reforming anything.
r/Austria and r/wien (Vienna) definitely have one.
Especially considering that a lot of people also go on holidays in warmer regions
Linz (207
But on the other side: Triest was the most important port in the Austrian Empire whereas in Northern Italy Venice was much more important.
We were six students in my whole year in this class and one of I believe only 10-or-so schools in all of Austria that offered it
No that's them attending the funeral of the patriarchy
put it in the freezer
But it's normally like that
Haha
Our flag, red-white-red, is said to be from the 11th century
I discovered it because it's used in Dj Snake's "Quiet Storm" and in "Colt" by Sierra Kidd
Of course, but tell me one place where that works perfectly
interesting, I'm not big into British music, but some older bands pronounce it more "british".
[German version of wikipedia, name austria, not available in other languages for me]
My English is pretty decent, yet I'm still not 100% sure of the correct terms when referring to the various European countries.
Huh, now that I'm thinking about it like that it's really kind of weird, in a gross way
Companies often offer affordable canteens to their employees, universities have several "Mensas" offering cooked meals for a small price.
They don't have an obligation to let themselves be killed just because the US decided to destabilize the region for shits and giggles (and the almighty petrodollar).
There is one here in Austria, but I've never even seen one
>unholy mix of gypsy music and stolen Serbian turbofolk
Just enjoy awesome explosions and stuff
r/Cheese
There is a big wealth gap between the industrial north and the agricultural south.
Futur II is for looking back from a future time
As Fucking(now Fugging) and Hallstatt (the small red dot below "All of Asis") are only villages I didn't know how to do it better than just write cities under quotation marks
same with austria
They were starlings which are a huge pest
That import just happened a decade or two ago and now we repeated the mistake and will reap the rewards in another decade or two.
I actually thought that price per 100g was quite common for the region
but when the only thing lacking is one of the most important things it's a bit disappointing.
Same is true for cigarettes and coffee
It is a reward for participating in the 1 million subscribers prize hunt
Well, yes
I never liked it and can barely get that garbste down my throat
Get rid of all EU politicians and actually save money so ppl can invest it in something usefull instead of this useless merkel and macron plagued institution
So apparently it shares a bunch of older vocabulary and other traits with Dutch
Word by word translated „to have big balls“ means to have big sport balls or something like that lol
u/Artefact2 wasn't talking about *earnings* - he was talking about what you are *holding* behind the scenes.
So far there is nobody who enjoys Schnitzel with sauce
And he certainly could have helped his party in the next elections
(also known as German QWERTZ)
Yeah that's a nice story
It's just that west galicia came under Austrian influence in 1797 and needed a new codified law the soonest.
Yet many of them still make excuses for him to defend the honor of their nation.
crazy opinion, but I think they should teach *both*. imho it sucks how the everyday spoken language is always treated as an add-on, as something that "can't be studied, you have to experience it", bullshit
OBject and obJECT
Immediatly, I thought this must be great for bouldering/climbing
Additionally Hypixel is sometimes somewhat buggy, wich is why i stopped playing anything but Skyblock
Not having heared much about microstates in the real of politics isn't surprising.
If that happens there will be no democracy or free elections anywhere in Russias sphere of influence, look at their ally like Belarus or former ally Ukraine how they got treated.
\- Brits, probably
Do you mean
I‘m doing surprisingly ok
Austria is also somewhat inert to change, so introducing stricter laws against it takes a lot of time
Actually the city is called Leoben, but in the ridiculous local dialect, people say it like that
Actually he even denied it
The European motorcycle subs are quite dead sadly but you see many European flairs in the more common biker subs.
I was suprised about the size of the company
They probably started the habit to go to duty free shops between the countries and now that there is no border keep on driving to the next slovakian store
Try reading the article even if it's a lot of words.
That was the whole point of BREXIT, to get control back over the country.
I don‘t believe in god but I don‘t really care too much about it, and I‘m probably not going to tell my parents that
"Eventuell" translates to "possibly". That's still something I have to actively think about when I'm reading a text in English
I think only 1 friend of mine is really "clean shaven", everyday
When I first read it in English I was surprised about the emotional depth of e.g. Gandalfs speech, which appeared way colder and more "biblical" in the original German translation
Anything to do with Germany
[He's] a [national treasure]
Am I allowed to mentioned stores that are not originally European
He has also done Cameos in Germanic and Northern sagas (he has even it's own, the Thidrekssaga)
I for one am ready to accept Mexico under Austrian rule, as it should have been.
This castle and church are standing to this day
Stop blaming Germany for Greeces corruption problem.
We're born with it
Is everything snow
The nederlands calls them "aardaaple" which also means earthapple
Austria is voting who will be the "federal president".
yeah and still people skip classes near the end of the school year
So far almost half of all night in June had temperatures above 20°C. During the day mid 30s on average
And teacher because nobody wants to deal with some of these disrespectful pre-pubescent teens
Is Shevchenko a common name in the Ukraine or is it just coincidence that two of the most famous Ukrainians have that surname
Der ist nur dabei wenn wir den Deutschen ein Wort geben, dass sie dann nachsprechen sollen
I very much love the UK and I'd love the idea of a swap, but you wouldn't learn much German in Austria, non of us speak it :D
Thanks to Madrid's language policies
the four notes from Beethoven's 5th or Wagner's Bridal Chorus are probably even more recognizable
Almost all armies issue "select fire" rifles to general infanterists
The German name for this type of dough is simply Plunder
Also, is it weird that I have an EU Flag on my wall
NATO militaries use the 5,56x45mm cartridge which is a "intermediate cartridge".
Happy Independence Day from Austria!
Yeah no shit
I'm an Austrian and the popularity of this meme is beyond me
It's funny that you get downvoted here for trying to be rational.
When i was a kid i always wondered what a "Palat" is and what ham has to do with crepé. Now i know better ty
>and the biggest political party is a Christian Democrat party
I enjoy my lifestyle here
- I occasionally enjoy very sparkling water
No hard feelings
neutral, but I guess legalising it would bring more advantages than disadvantages
Catalan sovereignty is a huge issue of contention
Ok again - they used legal loopholes - the 1 Billion which is missing is not fraudulently missing - it's missing due to the use of loopholes -loopholes which need to be closed - but at the moment They are not illegal.
US International: It's basically QWERTY, but it allows to type ü, ö, ä with just using AltGR+y/p/q (just the button left of the original letter so it's easy to rembember) or ß with AltGr+s
aren't you always one step ahead in those stats?
Yeah, they actually taught us this at school
How is Sinterklaas racist
Slovenia are you OK
I don't understand that argument at all - feet start smelling if they spend too much time in non-"breating" shoes, so you make your feet just smell more if you keep your shoes on
popular here as a "healthy" food option, together with all types of more exotic grains (spelt, einkorn, amaranth, etc)
Except it wasn't.
Same goes for Africa, Australia and Asia
That we started the First World War, and blamed it on the Germans
Our french teacher told us to pronounce it like "J'ai pas"
I still don't understand why people need to shop on Sundays.
They could use their hydro dams then to help out
ooh this is gonna be good, he's either crazy or on drugs
Felt it easily in the area of Graz, Austria
Sanctions because of a truly democratic decision are never a good idea.
These fuckers kill more people than guns, that's how delicious they are
It’s an institution in itself, never seen a single household without it
He and the other ministers communicate very elusively, it's like trying to put a nail in Jello
I love the nature there, and I really like Nashville.
Come on, when has an Austrian expat in Germany ever gone wrong
well the first written record of the name Ostarrichi was in 996
It's really fascinating how this instrument is considered "typical" in so many different places
Austria and Prussia changed sides
That Charlie Chaplin impersonator
You already ethnically cleansed the Sudetenland.
[That one is for you only]
I can me imagine, that regularly to do
Of course you would say that, your country doesn't even exist, how could there be stereotypes?
The definition of nation has changed many times,  and even today there is no one clear-cut defintion
Felt it easily in the area of Graz, Austria
One for the small living room and the hallway (its basically a woodstove and wall at the same time)
Oh, no wait
Hitler is entirely Germany‘s fault
That campain did improve things, but we started at a very shitty level.
It´s like with all kids, at a certain time of your life you have to let them make their own mistakes and learn from them
@allDutchPeople
A true albanian
Better than Mittwoch (Mitte der Woche) ?
What city has AEIOU in its name
I am from Austria and I use them every month.
used "so help me God" as a slogan on some posters.
Uhm try being Austrian or Swiss on r/de
I don't think Germany deserves all those Nazi jokes
) for putting up with our hordes of drunken tourists every year
>There's the old debate whether structures or individual figures are more influential in history
Persönlich finde ich, dass die Zeit recht gut über den Vorfall dokumentiert hat.
[Julian Schmid] (Greens, youngest member of parliament iirc) Once caused a minor uproar because [a holiday picture] of him became public.
We currently have to defend our garden against a wild roebuck that thinks the things growing in our garden are delicious
And i am pretty good at it i believe
All right, we shall arange royal marriage procedures immediately.
This has to do with Catalonia right
We made Hitler German and Beethoven Austrian
Other already mentioned some very popular festivals in Austria, but I think the most popular is the ["Donauinsel-Fest"] because it's free
Sorry, can't help you there
And something different for once...thanks /u/courey
But possibly in 50 or 100
Napoleon (I don't know the how manyth) would probably invade Vienna every Monday morning and leave again by late afternoon
Waynes for an oversized hot chocolate and then I pilfered the mug it came in.
We do, in the trains through bigger cities
And as for macron :
We aren't debating wether huffing asbestos should be allowed in pubs but with cancer sticks It's "MUH FREEDUMB TO SMOKE WITH A BEER
But nothing is more annoying than Germans in Austria laughing at Austrian words like "haha lol 'Sackerl' learn German please"
That’s a standard austrian tactic I guess
Weird
I thought that's the Europe subreddit?
Even our currencies the złoty and the leu are almost 1:1 in parity
We just call that "paying".
Then there‘s Handtuchhalter - hand cloth holder and it could go on and on
Austrian citizen since 1984
Mineral water is about the same or more expensive
For small bus trips I prefer cash, when I commuted I paid a half year card in advance
> Pagan traditions are engrained deep in Catholicism
The problem is: their texts are so great, but non-German-speakers won't understand them
that was the view of the nazis, not of all germans.
When the Great Recession started in 2008 the whole house of cards began to crumble
hah funny coincidence that that's exactly how we do it here: no refills or hovering waiters, very little tipping
Good Entertainment
and we don't know what weapons they have, we only know that the attacker shot by the police carried explosives
Next is Croatian
In Austria, where I live now, it's not THAT popular and I might get some comments like "Taliban" which I reply that most philosophers and scientists of the ancient world had beards
"\[...\]  to secure the deal recently promised by Trump and Ursula von der Leyen, the European Commission president
I don't see any new homes without self locking doors
Austrian TV and news don't mention a lot of German news unless its something really big happening
Thank you for coming to my rant about numbers
I only know that they closed up shop in Vienna.
Nah, it's obviously St
She exclusively uses public transport
Turkey is very common too, though people mostly just use the breast meat
Got to love humanity, right
I won't make any guess about the numbers of militant jihadists since the point isn't to find out how many there are but how to combat them (especially on the ideological front).
Usually, if you don't learn languages from a young age on, it's almost impossible to get it perfectly right
And most of Europeans seem to be the same opinion if the last polls are to be believed
How do you survive wearing a coat at 23°C?
Looks like you spent a fortune with a professional design agency on it
German is nothing compared to Polish.
Ihr verwendet das "eh" nicht
It's not as bad as people think though
Also, TIL the Czech names of Hänsel und Gretel
But tbh everybody around here is from a rural area, is a farmer etc etc
Oh god yes
They probably have less patient rights and just lock up whoever behaves a bit too weirdly
What makes this truly unique tho is the fact that Vienna, Austria's capital, is actually pretty close to the border as well
Könnts euch ja per Volksabstimmung Italien anschließen.
It's good fun, flashy, and you don't have to think too much about it
I don‘t know where they picked that up, but I guess social media
I mean there is the option of putting things in between two slices of brown bread, but that's mostly done by parents for their kids school lunches.
Take that back
Not even the Dutch can figure out what's going on in Dutch
Disclaimer: i live in a 300k town where the worst you can get into is a nice offer for some narcotics
Now the 5 women that are wearing full face-veil in Austria won't have to suffer from opression of men telling them what to wear and do...
I know of someone who wouldn't have been near able to get a surgery because they earned basically no money
This day is meant to honor the victims of this horrible place, not incite battles about whose ideology is worse
Those are more common amongst possible civilian first responders (or at least I never saw any private person actually carrying a Recco detector around)
There also negative sides
Have been to Rothenburg ob der Tauber with my parents about 30 years ago and I still remember it fondly as being one of the most beautiful towns I have seen in my lifetime
Most of them are memorials on soldiers grave yards, [like this one near me] it's kinda OK
Is there something I can read up on this ? Because I'm really interested in learning more about this
everyone knows austria but 2% don't know germany
Sounds familiar :)
I once ate a great Beuschl-like dish in Rome, it had a different name, but essentially it was the same parts
And yes, my circle of friends had also people who didn't drink or smoke
How much more polite people are (like waiters for example but also regular people out on the streets) and so on.
In absolute figures, maybe, yes.
I've read that too
- The "Franzosenkrankheit" or "Franzosenpest", the French plague, is of course syphillis
I mean I THINK they are meant to be taken sarcastically, but the fact that they tried to get into the Eurovision song contest makes me doubt that
This might be a thing at my school specifically, but some teachers just read entire pages of books and working sheets to their students
Add mostly an a to the end except for fia and nä who change to fiara and näna since else it sounds stupid
free to send in/to other countries
Right
And let's not forget that there is party in our government which had his portrait hanging in it's central [till recently] (hint: It's not the FPÖ this time)
Inwiefern man das auf Österreich schieben kann, würde ich gerne erfahren
That was a very interesting read, thank you so much for going into all this detail
yes, settle some elves in the downtown
Germans are generally seen as more arrogant and brash, doesn't help that high german is a rather hard language, compared to the dialects spoken in Austria
(i grew up speaking a Bavarian dialect)
Also asking for a signature and then a donation
Technical it was, Hitler gave chancellor Schuchnigg an Ultimatum how Austria should be hand over to Germany peacefully with more demands as they negotiated before, else they move the Wehrmacht to Austria
Just as much as everywhere else where money is involved
Only in rural regions
Going to school with a bunch of 15/16 year olds is really nice, because they understand the situation and comply
Yeah, that's so retarded
Short explanation: Jörg Haider with his FPÖ-party was one (if not the first) modern right-wing populist in Europe/the world
46 % against such an opponent is actually proving my point that relying on BVR is not the smartest thing to do.
No more than about threads asking if we are annoyed by it
Tatti	FI
911 also works almost everywhere
Still healthier than 5 gallons of it
* Hungary probably a whole bunch
Du woast holt schu dass I schu bam Bundeshea ois besta Gfreita aussigaungen bin, I war in am Haufn urgeila Saufnochtl und hob über 300 Puntigama gsoffn, oida.
The Nazis considered to rename the city to Adolfburg, but then the whole business with the war came in the way
>Kazakh actor
Baden is german for Bathing
Edit: numbers were per 1000 residents, not per capita
Interestingly for me it's somewhat easy to follow my Dutch friends talking, probably because I found out for myself that Austrian German and Dutch have some pretty close pronunciation patterns and similar words
The election were on European, national and regional level
The food Friday agreement includes the option of a border poll - maybe it is a good time to invoke that and figure out if NI wants to be united with the republic
Polls are spread out too much and the one that got it right last election is giving SD lead.
A ton
Als ich diese Karte erstellt hab, hieß es noch Fucking und war im "Tourism" Teil eingezeichnet
My point is that Heurigens are places to drink wine, mainly, because they are run by people making the wine
Where decency and good style go to die
French are to much on commie side.
The federal railway is planning to expand it's night train network further in the next couples of years and I'm very pleased with it
It's not as prevalent here, people are more connected to their hometowns and families, and most people stay in one place, especially when they have kids (there's always exceptions of course)
(it's usually just the symbol, but that's its meaning)
Woher kommst du
After 5-10 minutes they SUDDENLY remember how to speak english
„einen polnischen machen“, roughly translated “doing a polish“ for leaving a party without telling anyone, including the host
I love it
I am a weirdo
Cold: below 5
Third head of Parliament immediately also steps down for some reason unknown
They're both okay, because the people who live there want to stay part of the nation they're part of now.
Edit:
You say 50 dollar too
The point I'm trying to make is, that many of such titles are basically just lies
Like, how can somebody possibly live without it
I voted in my life 4 times until now and I always did it with the belive I vote for the candiate/party which is quite close to my interests
There's lots of mythological creatures, but one that is on my mind occasionally is the [Håbergoaß] a humanoid goat-creature and with glowing eyes, that roams fields and forests at night and snatches little kids in the dark in order to eat them
Given that your concern is that the government is influencing religion and not the other way round kinda proofs my point
But generally, if one of your furniture breaks „Ikea furniture“ is often used to describe it, afaik
Wrong war
Over here everybody is prepared to take their shoes off, it's seen as quite impolite to leave them on, so most people dress accordingly
Do people really drop by without calling first
Also our success rate for world wars we started
When school began everyone had to enter through the main entrance because the other entrances were locked
No, not at all
Oh okay
It’s also about more secure I think
Okay I am not allowed to link to IG but Photo is made by @  **alinafoto\_com** **on IG**
hopefully not as many dead people as then, but its an exponential escalation and i fear many people will die after it
[Esterhazy-Schnitze]
Machines were running XP of course (not even sure if they had the latest SP installed, but doubt it)
Sizes of beverages/food
I'm white, straight, but the difference between you and me?
Well, wouldnt be much change in our case
They excluded us and that's how it shall be now.
i have a feeling everyone wants to scam you there
also that's why the French "yellow vest" demonstrations (that was about fuel taxes in the very beginning) used those, they were readily available and a  symbol for motorists
(And yes, i know that I am collecting downvotes with my opinion, but I don't care - something is wrong here with the People's ability to question the narrative)
You can't keep a lid on people.
Court decisions in Austria can not develop the law which means all of those courts could literally decide differently any other time and they can and do disagree on each other’s decision
* Female smokers above the age of 15: 15
To be fair, it was a bit before I was born
I grew up in an Austrian village with 200 inhabitants and we'd call it going "into town" when we took the car to drive over three hills and past two villages to make it to the next one that even had a bakery and an ATM – but in this community we're still mostly university educated commuters working in the city, nothing bumhicksville-esque about it
Frankfurters are made from finely ground sausage meat :)
I will go to get food right away")
I'm really generous when calling that 700m "mountain" a hill
France is the 3rd largest
For whatever reason
Guten Tag, ich heiße Johann, es freut mich Sie kennenzulernen
Moka pot
Well you were partly right on Opel and Braun
I personally like [Granada's cover of Billy Joel's Vienna] albeit not a great fit for video game background music
SPÖ: The Social Democrats: Socially liberal and center-left economically
No other language makes you feel desired no matter whats said
In Austria it's officially illegal EXCEPT in certain situations, such as within the first three months of pregnancy, or if there's danger to health or life of mother or child
Well at the moment there are polices officers with assault rifles in public places like train stations
Hot 28
Thats a very idealised picture of Austria you have
No, but actually he has 4 discontinued university careers (history, philosophy, journalism and political sciences) and he likes horses (instead of German shepherds)
Until Oettinger comes around
That's fucked up
hey you can't quote the whole thing in one comment, depriving people of building it up in a comment tree
Yeah, those 100 years certainly have been more influential to the city than the following 650 years.
We have a whopping 6 parties in our parliament now
For the industry I am in it gets paid whenever your longest holiday starts.
traditionally, names of older relatives or certain Christian names (Catholic country after all); contemporarily, a way of giving funky or  interesting names to your kid without fucking up their future because you were sensible enough to  name them "Stefan" before "Romulus Esteban Zapotek".
"I love a hot chocolate on a cold winter morning, thank god for cows"
That's what gets rid of accents.
>Germany has by far the most ICUs (Intensive Care Units/Critical Care Beds) per capita in Europe
Already quite a lot of head scarves in that picture and they will increase in the future.
They are getting more and more common
Living in Switzerland there is also those super annoying calls about health insurance or other call centers
I used to fly to the uk quite regularly, so was very much used to the passport controls within eu
Can confirm university, always Herr/Frau Professor, no exceptions.
The [University of Economics] in Vienna
Here is one:
etc
You have been banned from /r/Austria
Thats far from an official name of the country itself
German-Catholic fascist in the conservative party trying to create a fascist state of their own and failing hard on the other hand
And this is his famous house - [the "house without eyebrows"] - looks ordinary today but was a real scandal when it was built, windows without any ornaments around them.
I think swedish does that even more
quite a lot - otherwise not so much
And you expect anyone noticing that those are three separate links
When you hear somebody speak it in an other part of Austria or in general hearing German
he also seemed to have mostly good intentions.
Clean and authoritarian
Starting investing with ETFs: Looking for a fund to be the core of my portfolio
Well I'm from Vorarlberg and I can understand most of them
Austrians (and parts of Germany) call it "Schummelzettel". Same meaning
You can find a lot of untouched land
Artikel 1
Believe it or not, but I've had that American 'Wienerschnitzel'-stuff.
Not using a "the" in front of a name is really weird in a spoken sentence, but normal in written
But that's my own opinion - most other people have dogs.
As an Austrian, I wouldn´t know how to define it
I'm led to believe that you're from Styria, it might be the case that y'all wear them more often than we do
Got it
He's been on my TV screen way too little
I've heard quite a few Austrians and Germans state they understand nothing while I myself understand pretty much everything
That's actually interesting, I think because Germany is much bigger, Austrians are aware of the cultural difference, whereas a lot of Germans aren't and are then surprised when they come to Austria or meet Austrians in another country
My great granny had even balance scales, I always "borrowed" it and was fascinated by it as a little child
In order to make all of this look a bit more democratic on the international stage, the Nazis organized a [referendum] in April 1938
But for me nothing comes close in beauty and genius to Mozart
If we held grudges because of the past we would all hate each other in Europe.
Other things are way more important.
Pfuh, dort wirst ja ordentlich zerlegt ;)
still
Care to explain why you think some of us don't like you
The raw or pasteurization milk I put always in the fridge, the condensed/coffee milk and the plant milks only when they are open
we studied it in school and I'm from austria haha
Somebody who is an old Nazi, but not in public
Should have been the german flag tho
Uh, what would buttsex be then
Well, it's definitely not in our interest but let's wait a little what really becomes of this new found love.
I'd like to add two
Billiarde = 10^15 = 1 000 000 000 000 000
I knew someone would suggest sudern
This could also be called "Europe according to reddit" since almost everything European is called "bla bla German something something" on this site.
Not an entire show but an episode of SpongeBob SquarePants: There is a part in an episode where SpongeBob speaks German in the original version
Oh, and some children fathered by occupying soldiers
Wenn grod irgnepprs iwa Österreich af Reddit isch kemmen die Deitschn alm glei ungrocha.
Just asking: How well do you understand polish
Apparently, that means that countries that have a ... different standard of human rights are becoming increasingly popular, as they are also emerging markets, therefore important for sponsors
Pikant
And thank you
Grammar is doable, but with lots and lots of hard work
At least my dad knows states like California, Washington, New York, Minnesota, Florida, and so on
Of course
If people try to tell you you should watch Muttertag - it's a classic, but the migrumpies are waay better and waay less dependent on your ability to understand the Austrian dialect
We see this constantly in regime changes
ORF Live Report (for those who understand german)
Says he wants to be a president of all Austrians
I’m stunned
New homes
In for downvotes but that's just how I feel *shrugs*
Our vice chancellor H.C. Strache was forced to step back, because a video of him in Ibiza was leaked, where he made some suspicious “deals” with a reporter disguised as an influential Russian woman
Most countries that were part of the Roman empire some time during its existence
I can't be happy about that given the fact that he's a man with an extremely short fuze, who goes on raging twitter wars, who openly asked "Why shouldn't we use our nukes?
The surrounding buidlings (orignally barracks) are partly used by the Austrian military, partly as civilian residential houses
Because puberty is a bitch, and parents suck
But have you seen French super-/hypermarkets
It seems you've somewhere along the way missed the connection between my first comment and the following chain of comments
Owa du hostas ned dau und hiatzt muast dafir bezoin du Depp.
This took place in the time when the former roman city of Iuvavum was refounded (696 A. D.) as Salzburg around 200 years after the collapse of the roman empire
It depends wholly on the government
Especially in Vienna, where you have the traditional coffee houses.
Its not like they wouldn't do it
The "recent" islam law specifically regulates foreign funding such as having continuous payments for a religious school, mosque or similar things.
Probably it would make more sense to invest in education and social infrastructure than into a militia of half-wits ... but what do I know
German language (almost the same dialect), Italian food, nice weather...
For them cooperation was the only reasonable choice
And yes, it's anecdotal, but most people I know prefer summer time
not as common anymore nowadays I think
technically none existed in its current form when the war happened.
And good luck on moving here (whenever that‘ll be) :)
* Going to work unless it's absolutely necessary
I heard all about it, and it's absolutely horrifying
Yes and no
1st) I have 2 masters, 1 in economics and the other one in communications (that's the lesser one
" English are not citizens of "other EU country". Basically, denmark could say: All EU citizens except Danish citizens can got to uni for free". Of course nobody does that
Now a lot of people see that justified, I personally don't. You wouldn't wanna choose between your two parents (given it's a happy family)
He's not and people will soon find out
as /u/Low_discrepancy pointed out, this is just an excuse he uses to mask his true intentions.
I live in one of the inner districts, I don't want to specify exactly which one
Also Burgenland because there are 2 names for each village/town
I'm a woman and nope, I don't think men have any rights we don't have.
Really hope you do, we worry about y'all
There are some places where Sunday is the day everyone wears it
Country-specific things, eg laws, taxes, government agencies etc
english speakers do the "seig heil" more than the correct "sieg heil".
Do you mean 6 o clock at "afternoon"? I'd call that evening
But we are getting a lot of new guests here in Europe because of it.
And as a thank you, you get invited to that party
You take the red pill and are flushed out of the matrix and are therefore smarter than the sheeple who took the blue one (or none at all).
Everyone considers him Austrian besides him being from Bonn
10 guys detained for 5 days and another detained for 11 is hardly mass detention now, isn't it?
[\[4\]]  The deliberate destruction of evidence of Marcus' inventions by the  Nazi regime has left these dates open to debate and speculation
>My unit leader wanted to show us the mountains and the setting of some intense battle between the Austrians and - no idea - the Turks maybe
Just rename yourself to Cz in English, problem solved
I worked for some years in tourism - I always liked helping people learning German
Austriae est imperare orbi universo
We have Yin, Yang and Wurscht
I have a Schnitzel maybe once or twice a year
Stop your prejeduces and do some research
Also never heard of someone passing out while showering
I don't know, how many bitcoins do you have ;) Oh, sorry I forgot we are getting payed by the EU now ;).
that's because Geschoß ≠ Geschoss
In German it's Krawatte, while Croat is Kroate, but in Austrian dialect we say Krawod, which sounds again like Krawatte
> ALLONS Y LES PEDES
I can't not, also love the ballet scenes and the little historical tidbits, because many of them I don't know usually
The bread can be a tad dry without
Tysillo and the red cave
^(since there already were helpful answers to the question and since I just spent a lot of time on /r/YUROP and /r/the_schulz)
It's only going to be so long until they realize it.
>These are only used if you talk about them
I am sure nobody has anything against an Muslim with an attitude to religion as the avverage European.
Was it "Schnitzel Kebab König", "Schnitzel Kebab Pizza", "Kebab Pizza Schnitzel", or "Pizza Schnitzel Kebab"? It's always one of those
There were also some lockers you could rent
But in a case like Germany, where courts ended the old regulation, and the legislative hasn't put a new one into law, it reintroduces the very old principle that courts had abolished
If the letters aren‘t available on websites a German would just write ae, oe or ue without thinking too much about it
We're talking about a recession of Great Depression proportions
The EU has already extended the free movement of capital to the entire world.
Nah
Horse meat is pretty good though
or "Heimatliebe ansatt Marokkaner-diebe" - "Love for your country insted of maroccan thiefs"
"Bei rot gehen" is not a single word, but it's pretty simple.
each and every "untranslatable expression" is like that, to be honest
ooh this is gonna be good, he's either crazy or on drugs
as someone who knows little about
My kids learned it between 3 and 4, they had those pedal less bikes before I guess those helped them with the balance
It's because they're homesick, I'm pretty sure
It's definitely more civilized than the Austrian one
What makes you call Hamon a far left candidate (im curious) all things that i read here make hin look like a traditional social democrate which isnt far left in my book - but maybe thats because of my lack of ressources?
(And I agree that Neuschwanstein looks that "fantasy castle like" because it is a reimagined piece of historism architecture).
I stopped saying my name for numbers I don't know long ago
Going up the Stephens Cathedral, visiting some museums (Albertina, Mumok, Naturhistorisches Museum, Kunsthistorisches Museum), visiting Schloss Schönbrunn (plus it's park), going through the city center (first district) in general, some history lessons outside, etc
It doesn't matter where your grandparents came from or which passport you have.
thanks for also caring :)
Okay so there is nothing wholesome about germany
This trend has been going on for a few years already
>By the way if you have this thing in your country for certain time, you sure don't find this complicated, but for me, who heard this for first time
We learned in school that the French word for "to kiss" is "baiser".
It even occurred once (my parents have a restaurant and the wedding meal took place in that restaurant) that the groom doesn‘t find the bride nor her friends at all and has to search for her the whole evening
They share the language with their bigger neighbour, their culture might be related, but there are some profound differences that seem minor from the outside, but are a big part of the identity
The reason for this is that I need to keep that money around for those two times of the year when the company has twice the expenses.
While smoking at the table
My sister in law is Turkish, and she really likes German/Austrian culture
A space where each party had some time to show what they think and people would have to know it.
While there are a lot of people thinking the same and visit because they think its currently not as crowded, even if you hit the worst peak there probably are less people there than any day the last few years
I usually do it myself
Isn’t it 20 for 10 days
> 20 minutes to the city
I think I need some serious therapy after seeing that.
The main attraction of the city is a statue of the metallurgist
basically Germanic peoples are nerds
Graz: car industry/mechanical engineering in general and mining, research in those areas
...what's that
So he had also a more positive connection
so takeaways aren't fresh meals in your opinion
(Rumor has it that he had sympathy for the nazis first)
I personally am quite interested in the [Red Vienna] period, how it came to be, what they accomplished and how it impacts our lives in Vienna until today
He knew German before but of course not at a native speaker level, let alone Austrian dialect
Well as land locked country fishery isn't such an issue
Don't worry they won't kill you for using English in the subreddit.
Dunkin' Donuts recently had to pull out of Austria due to low sales.
they cross the border every day on the commute.
Judging by the incredible amount of teleshopping asvertisement on German TV I would think that this business is doing really okay
There is no sort of quality control
The greens have become more centrist and the SPÖ is a bit too old fashioned and not actually that left wing
800 results with the parameters >50sqm and <400k€ all across the city
You *can* see that type of partying on music festivals here though, and on alcohol-fueled all-inclusive trips that recent high school graduates go on
Have retailers in Italy, Ireland etc gone bankrupt
I don't know about Italy, but in Austria he is/was **hugely** popular
It is also the oldest, unless you count Prague which is no longer part of that region/category
Es gab bis vor Kurzem ein Dorf in Österreich mit dem Namen "Fucking". Es war ein beliebtes Ziel bei englischsprachigen Leuten
And this is the one case in which some EU citizens are excluded
I generally want people from Vorarlberg to understand me too, and vis versa for example
Even my uncles and aunts called me by that name
I wish we had that in German
It's because Austrian German is more conservative than German-German
come to think about it, we do that for C (Kohle) if talking in an abbreviated manner about the components of chemical bonds and molecules sometimes
Yeah, that's why nobody uses smartphones.
German is just messed up Dutch
You've linked the first election round back from April, notice how the votes are split between more than two candidates.
I went to a Gymnasium then HAK
Let's warn him/her of Greater Serbian sentiment in a Yugoslav project
I see this as an absolut win
Many Austrians are unhappy with the current ruling parties (SPÖ - Social Democrats, and ÖVP - Conservatives).
Rural area, east styria
;) By the may, afaik not just the Austrian flag but flags of other countries as well.
/r/SchnitzelVerbrechen/
Germany, Altschauerberg
it's kinda the opposite in austria
And my biggest problem is not with the sauce itself, you can eat your schnitzel with sauce but you do not poor it over the schnitzel like most do it
In the German version he speaks Bavarian
Once I saw a fox, but it honestly looked very meager and desperate
I know
With current mainstream materials it is not possible, with current experimental materials it already might be:
how very interesting to see
Puma is also the Quechua word for cougar
Yea, it's a Meme-abomination stemming from r/Austria
Sagen die Schwaben nicht 'isch'?
) and with the introduction about the "Flexible Worktime" a lot members of the ÖAAB resigned due to Kurz
Along the more urban Danube, you see them less and less
Isn't that a legit question
Germans complained, that their roads get used only to travel through the country, but they are too ignorant to notice, that they do the same thing every time they visit the Mediterranean.
>In a nice reversal of the usual design theirs are white numbers on a black background
I think we're a little overrepresented (like, more comments than our size suggests) in the European subreddits
Translation:
Nope
>Xi Jinping wants to know your location
Austo-*what*
They should have just [sent some expert to TV to show how easy it is to open the new package]
The aristocracy was stripped of all its privileges and titles in the new republic
* Heute habe ich viele Bäume gesehen
You lost it, get over it lol
(Had the accommodation in Edinburgh near the sea :3)
How french is that
Literally nobody uses Tüte for anything other than getting a cone for their icecream instead of a paper cup.
A childhood without Asterix & Obelix must be a very sad one
I would love to be in Switzerland and explore the region and the neighboring countries
Okay, I understand
I glab dei Karta isch a bitzele outdated.
Normal beer is clinked at the top of the bottle or glass, wheat bear is clinked on the bottom
Oh c'mon that's something little kids use
All by themselves
What the hell was the "und" supposed to be
always thought he was french
roflmao
Bei uns dadat ma eh nix lernan miassn
What is the number of Turskish gastarbeiter and Chinese   gastarbeiter  in Germany ?
Vienna is a western european city :)
it will be our launching pad for a universal, mostly english focused language
Probably some "hand-me-downs" from parents/grandparents but I think a lot of households have a few items
Was willst du mit dem Dolche sprich
Wurscht is one of the most used words in (southern) German for that reason
A few degrees less in the countryside where my mom lives - but usually, they'd be buried in snow there this time of the year
How about [him]
Are you looking for the most convenient, modern, comfortable train or the most scenic view, the olderst steam train, cog railway etc.?
People get louder
Hungary wanna join again /b/ro?
Different-handedness is the whole reason I formulated it that way.
It has snowed twice here in Vienna but the snow was gone within 24 hours both times if I recall
The Vikings were also only mentioned when it came to the expansion of the Roman Empire in Europe
And normal procedure is to check if they are dead before steaming/boiling off their hairs.
Definetly Josef for the boys and maybie Maria for the girls
Sometimes only Biontech
How does one even determine what most haunted forest in the world is
I started to realize that I actually never questioned what I was shown until that point and I see things very differently now
it is but it means "Offene Aufbahrung"
In German we have a "silent h" which has a similar function
Very rarely
Oh ok, well I didn't expect that
"Mühle" is Nine man's Morris
I don't think it would be negative if Bratislava grew into Austria
i'm so sorry that my experience and that of millions of women differ from yours.
Intelligence agencys are not in the business of "believing", they are here to provide evidence.
On the mountain everybody is informal
Reason behind that is who bears the risk of the item getting damaged/lost/stolen.
Can't confirm, have had several drinks a few weeks ago in Milano and it worked perfectly, you don't even really notice that it's pasta
I personaly would prefer some more heavy measures to be honest
But yeah, they change the name every other year, I think nowadays its called Bronto, but in Austria funnily it's called Taiga since ages
The austrian ones at least all contain the word "Ministerium"
For example when I wann say "are" it sounds like "awe", or "Rock and Roll" sounds like "Wockn and Woll"
That outfit
Please disperse, nothing to see here!
Saint Pierre and Miquelon is missing
yeah, I had English in primary school
You need not shut down coalmines in Germany to have an impact on Germany.
Ridiculous
I just hope that everyone in their marketing department got a huge rise for this joke.
I'm not sure how true this story is
I don't think I've ever seen an ugly city in Austria besides Linz
Yes, since Western Europe is one of the most progressive/liberal places in the world, many immigrants are more conservative than the native population.
i always thought it was austrian, and it literally translates to "save your money" (i didnt think it was german bcs it doesnt really exist in germany)
It's rather more likely that this post here is just bait, so you can go back to t_d and crow about how deeply in denial we are
It was probably just a seasonal product which they carry for a few weeks but they are usually coming back after a few months...
I got nothing
We'd finally be connected to our other part that's been lost to italy, so i wouldn't mind all that much, especially since we'd probably get all the special treatments that south tyrol gets as well.
It's either that or they are going to quote enough European leaders so that everyone that reads it can't go "I don't care what X says, I don't even know that person".
etc
Shhhhh
Do you possess a ORF receiver card?
Because you're somehow concluding "they want to punish us" when someone says "we won't allow them to cherry pick."
Other Grandfather was only 12 when the War ended, had to hold some russian Soldiers at gunpoint who tried to rape his sister though
Can you source that, just would like to read what he said
But they don't.
Bread, sausage
Hellweg sometimes has free buckets too
Haven't heard that one before tbh
When we were old enough to drink, we drank a lot, often way too much, but in the end only you can decide if it's too much for you and how to regulate it
Maybe if you give out fines according to income as they do in Finland would work
> I love Budapest
Sorry for the off topic rant, but I did quite some research on that topic, and I mostly found that most laws protecting prostitutes only improve the conscience of feminists and conservatives, but the voices of sex workers mostly get ignored
Same
as long as they don't offer to massage your neck and shoulders while you're standing at the urinal like in SEA
Wasn't she a remainer
Have a link maybe
Don’t see where Auschwitz is a wonder
A nice appartment with about 80m2 if you're lucky
All that's separating gay marriage from normal marriage now is the name and the right to adopt.
Let see them laugh when 2020 Episode 2 stars in 2 days
His orders are the main reason why the soviet union had such horrendous casualties.
Because you have a few world class skiers.
People here are getting heated over pointless arguments imo, since there is never a clear border but a gradient from one country to another
fuck I completely forgot about that :(
So now, when all of us are grown, we still insist on sitting at the kids' table, though usually Grandma joins us now
I mean there are several countries without universal healthcare on this planet
Der Nuttella here
There was no sign of the Ottoman forces, but the hussars came across a group of Romani people, who offered to sell schnapps to the weary soldiers
I don't know what to think about this.
Cities are super clean and supermarkets are open quite long
It took maybe 2 weeks before the first reports came of people being let go because they didn't VOLUNTEER to work 4 hours more per day
I can't help it, this prejudice is so deep inside of me
The other imperial units are not as bad and easy to convert (to be fair the most thing I had to convert were speed limits)- but Fahrenheit...
Allerdings mag ich nur Lamm-Döner, da wird die Auswahl immer enger ...
The Yugoslavia wars were around 20 years ago.
Very strange
Wait who is more direct for you
Not sure what this is but this is not the questionaire for visas or ESTA.
Same in Austria and it makes perfect sense, although there are some people from the country side who don't seem to get the 8:15 part or 8:45 while they use the 8:30 part as "half nine".
/rant
[I had that one mind
It's never warm in England tough
I think people who ban websites know exactly how they could ban them better but they just ban the DNS and nothing else because they don't really want it and just follow gouverment orders.
I'm not sure about Austria, but I don't think many people actually like Putin.
A very important credencial if you want to enter the european club.
It carries weight
We have, and we only have 8 million people
They are separated from the rest of the country by a mountain chain, are the only ones who do not speak Austro-Bavarian German, don't even know where other major Austrian cities are half of the time and are always blushing when Liechtenstein and Switzerland look their way
What was the name of the place
Ironically that's not correct as Kurz got the most resistance from his own party
I...did not know that Austria had that much wind energy.
You won't hear disagreements from me
If you said that, people would laugh at you and call you stupid german
German law was the blueprint for a lot of legal systems including Japan and China because it was the latest and greatest at the beginning of the 20th century.
My class teacher back then was an english and history teacher so she quite often taught history in english
You can get 27 GB for 27€ so things change.
Also it appears you have a horrible violent crime problem and only one detective to solve everything
A good example which demonstrates this is the movie "Die Hard".
), 100, 1000, 1000,... also don't have such a form
How many more refugees should we take?
There's plenty of cellar space in lower austria
And nobody here (or anywhere else in the world) would consider spare ribs typical for Austria
I know we were just talking about sausages, but I'm not a guy
You should see the benefits of living under this motto yourself, not be forced to.
It's part of the West Central German group, and thus part of the High/Upper German family
All material and talks were in English, the people attending were from all over the world, and there wasn't anything particularly Italian/American/Portuguese about any given conference.
I'll check tomorrow, I think there was one prepper guy that ended up being too suspicious and getting killed quickly because he wanted to defend his bunker
Austria - Tirol
well her actual name is *[Sprengnagel] which would roughly translate to blast-nail.
Polite and pleasant, just as you'd imagine : ^ )
One of my great-grandfathers was on the battlefield somewhere in Croatia on the nazi side
>I just don't fear burglars because they're after my stuff only and that's a nuisance, not a danger
It’s a part of Germany where you travel through if you go from the state of Tyrol to the state of Salzburg
Pospischil
A ton of "beggars" are actually begging for a crime organization and only get to keep a tiny amount of money
Yeah, usually utility closet doesn't count as well
I am disappointed in the French
) but they were so amazed we have fridges (and not only for shops or so, but in our houses
It‘s really interesting imo
Also, my gf is Basque, and she has a nose (quite literally actually) for bad restaurants
All from city people who drive into the forests and go mushroom picking
The problem is still that the workers have to work in smoking environments
My Father and grandfather always joked about northern Austria being Potatos-End and living like Tolkiens Hobbits in a small protected beautifull area between the two courtains
Thanks for losing that one football game that one time in 1978
What about the people at the bottom looks like they're inside the race track
Dude had a first name that is very common in Austria, but a flawless Argentinian accent
We don't label our fruit "picked by illegals" so we'd have to stop buying all agricultural products altogether.
but when it comes to humor I only actually really laugh watching productions from my own country or bavarian stuff.
I know where it would be, but it would be nice to have at least all the major cities on the map...
Now i had to refresh my knowledge about spains history.
For hunting the limit is 2+1 here
I think you  still could when I was there some years ago
Leberkaskrapfen
And thats bullshit as fuck and i had to explain that hole number mess to a german student who was fucking confused about the numbers the professor in front of him was using and why he was using "multiple versions so inconsistently".
Like I said, I dont know any Austrian who does that
Au is also used as an addition to places e.g. Eckartau, Ramsau, Schwendau
Since words that start with 'th' are old English words these words are usually (always
But this is also more of a fancy gourmet food thing
If this should be the case between the two richtest political entities in the world is another question
Street sweeper
Ludendorf tried to help hilter to claim power so from the now perspective he is a really bad person :(
The whole UK gets relocated to Spain
> the best possible EU-Exit name
When I press shift and ÄÖÜ the expected thing happens, capital letters
When I read your message I was on teamspeak with 2 scotts and I've asked then to pronounce 6th.
I remember that I wanted to go to the gym and my parents paid for a years membership and I didn´t think much about it
That doesn't suprise me, there are people who are super dissapointed when they come to Austria and see we actually have cars, not horse carriages, like they saw in the movies
Meine Nachbarn haben alle ziemlich neue Häuser ~13 Jahre
Yes
And people have major problems accepting non-white people as Austrian.
From personal experience I would add "Wittmann-Battenfeld".
The referendum has no impact on Italy's role within the EU as far as I am aware.
Usually nothing happens much in Austria
Keep fighting
And yet we're getting flak by the EU for not "reducing" our carbon footprint fast enough
A non-stop fuck fest basically
the end
Aren't they Moldavian
Both sides are responsible
Dieses Bild macht mich sehr wütend
If you don't like a question just say: "Yeah this is terrible, but what about ISIS?
A great opportunity for mankind missed.
still protected by Switzerland but a small cutie :3
Which is nice
81%
Your Mama and Oma don't cook and bake
Mittelschule and Gymnasium
Actually afaik high german, low german and dutch make up the continental west germanic continuum.
If it means increasing military spending to anywhere close to US levels, I am definitely against that
Don't forget to use the engine brake, I see many flat-landians (e.g.
EU, Islamistic Terrorists, Beer
Thanks for all the trash-TV that makes us feel better about ourselves
The shouting can be hot though.
He's not and people will soon find out
Ein sehr alter Witz, aber immer wieder lustig
I don't think there is anybody in the EU who would disagree in this
In other areas there is even different forms like Quarter over ten (Viertel über zehn)
But it seemed this trend was not stopping at all so i decided i might as well throw fuel to the fire too.
A fellow PhD
The German name of the edible Dormouse is seven sleeper, which points to his long hibernation period
The architecture i disagree with.
Subective opinion: Brexit was the wrong choice, both for the UK and Europe.
This shows that in the end what's acceptable is very arbitrary and culturally defined, and that "upsetting your stomach by eating too fast" is probably a made-up "issue" just like that as well
That was hyperbole, but I what I mean is that the EU is probably more a pushover in negotiations.
There's a reason most of the traffic isn't going through Switzerland
Specialiced on European institutions and policy making in my studies before I vered to general public management
Buschenschänke/Heurige were not invented for hikers though, those just started frequenting them because they were typically alongside their routes, and serving good portions for the money
I think it is common
He is the absolute wrong person for this job and has no legal understanding
Haha
Döner Kebab
You're absolutely right
Speaking as a resident of Madrid, you're a bad troll.
I live near the alps so my survival plan would be rather easy.
Wait, do you have more than one book then
He probably wasn't anything much out of the ordinary
\>Security said they were “just following orders”
tbf the inner and outer organs of common staple food animals (cattle, pigs, chicken, sheep) are eaten in most cultures
I mean most workplaces hold someone with a "Meister" title in higher regards then a fresh engineer and rightfully so in my opinion
alternative link (if first is blocked) [
The EU's immense bureaucracy has so far managed to be way more effective at communicating clear divorce guidelines than May's coalition of disaster
I should rewatch Malcolm in English
Yup, exact same thing
Other Austrian states: Dürnstein ruin, the historicist Franzensburg in Laxenburg (if you wanna count that), Perchtoldsdorf, Landskron by the Lake Ossiach, Hohensalzburg, Hofburg in Vienna (yes it's a palace, but it's at the same time a castle and originally it very much fulfilled the purpose of a castle), Schlossberg in Graz
some think they've mastered it, but they're not fooling anybody
Yes, but your phone manufacturer has less market penetration than Donald Trump in the US.
but in a way this whole process reaffirmed them in why they wanted to leave in the first place
Pölten, the capital of lower Austria, is ugly as hell
The rest, as in private texts and conversations are and will be in our local dialect.
I tend to apologize to even small mistakes nobody cares about due to the fact I'm a rather insecure person who doesn't want to bother anyone
Yes do this but please give back south tyrol first
I mean I’ve had long hair and most people don’t care
Like, I can guess many words because they‘re so similar to German
Some people find bread dumplings (Semmelknödel) a bit hard to make because they tend to fall apart if you don't prepare them the right way
"Geh in Oasch"
style game
there is a fun story about this.
Well yes that's the whole point of Schengen, isn't it
Know plenty of those, especially since tickets have become so expensive
Oh, tell me more
[This was the one I frequented regulary in my youth]
and a lot of traditional professions are there too
I mean the name gives it away
Let see them laugh when 2020 Episode 2 stars in 2 days
WW2 is talked about basically every year
In Austria they are almost never mentioned.
Other than that I got nothing
My top pick would be Oberwart
And being open about your salary is generally a good thing since it introduces more transparency into the system
In my eyes this is online gambling
I hope he starts his first speech with **"I am back!"** in an Arnold Schwarzenegger voice
There actually is a one letter word, "[o]  used in Standard German but it is kind of [archaic] As an interjection it is also mostly used in combination with a second word
And even then, it’s most likely so specificly German that it doesn’t apply to Austria
Speaking of a kids game, ["Tempo kleine Schnecke"] is not that old (from the 80's) but as it's easy to play every kindergarten and day care has it since then
Wait, Austria is not part of Germany?
Yeah, that would be better i guess
Which makes no sense, considering the head of state has little to do with Merkel who is chancellor.
>  the Greek government
Yeah I think last year it snowed once in here in Vienna iirc
> Ich bin auf Urlaub nach Italien, das Land der Römer, wo die Sonne scheint und die Zitronen blühen, gefahren
I always wondered about this, and this thinking does not only exist in the US - if anything I will think more of you if you obtained a good phone for minimum price and didn't throw it all out for sleek design
Was whipped to a Pulp and was judged to dark and solitary confinment for 6 months for using the word "Austria".
but who would click on that, right
The prime event is at midnight where everyone gathers to simultaneously jump in a ditch while yelling "EXTENSION".
A good example which demonstrates this is the movie "Die Hard".
yeah, much better than no sun after 5pm
Berlin is probably the place you'll find the most cultural exchange.
You have to understand the beer making tradition of Bavaria pre dates your country and for some people this is the only source of national pride they are allowed to show (football/bread/beer/other gastronomy)
I use the old fingers and knife method
It was a joke but doesn't surprise me that you thought I'm serious
r/lotrmemes
Requiring other sites than Wikipedia, to check which country this applies to, is bothersome
Is it because your clan holds some secret recipe or something
Haneke
) and there is a famous story there that some soldiers from Slovenia showed up at our barracks
If you want to use invented titles as a Nickname, I think there's no problem
In the touristy city center, you won't see many (beware of scammers and pickpockets instead)
The actual first shot of the war
Nope, there are so many countries I'd rather go to
The latter part is kinda funny coming from someone who's from the UK right now
Parents can keep their children at home and look after them, or they can send them to school to be watched there
I am sure there are more cities, either way
my tip would be: wear tighter-fitted pants and avoid certain types od shoes (wear either boots, leather shoes, or fashionable converse)
AEIOU
I actually never said I love cooking :D not a big fan, but I find it necessary
Is that really such an absurd thing for some people
>"Despicable Me"
Only then did they start bargaining for the price of the crafts, while also selling the Germans a different, worse wine that the one they agreed upon tasting, without them noticing until they got back home
So no, there's not country I'd *never* consider visiting
dishes containing poppy seeds
With SA-thugs waiting in the polling stations and people filling out the form in front of the officials in order to disperse suspicions of being "against the system" and stuff like that
In Austria, especially in Vienna, we call undertakers "Pompfüneberer". This is of course the butchered version of the french phrase "pompes funèbres", "great funerals" - the name one of the biggest funeral homes in Vienna around 1900
But other than that, I don't know anyone who can't.
Nice inner city, but due to Corona I only go there to donate blood
Of course this is often really basic stuff or things that you can't really physically *take with you* per se, but I'll just call this list "what I can't live without" so that it fits the first part of the question:
Defeating Nazis was a good deed
Hey
What did we do again
the fuck do you expect your economy to grow without massive public spending
Makes interesting drawn videos about random stuff
> Die Bart, die
Depends on the people I'd say;) A lot of people go to Thailand for the monuments, the general culture and the beautiful nature’s scenery
Last time I checked, Vienna is at an astonishing altitude of about 150m above sea level
Yes,  that sounds right  I never new that the sun was neutral in many languages
Keeping him as a bum in Vienna would be a more fitting occupation
It reminded me of all the reasons I cannot stand travelling there to begin with
How so
in short, things are hard to compare
Pölten, but other than being small for being the capital of the largest state, I don't see any problems with it
Also, Zaragoza is the only city name in Spain, where every single vocal is stressed ;)
This heraldic element is called "[mural crown] and is a typical symbol burgués and/or republican
We put the feet up
Andreas gabalier
Around 50k in Austria
We do absolutely use words like "ich" and "komme", those are common German words, it's just that nobody pronounces them that way
is that good health care infrastructure in your eyes
#Votes by Party:
Yes
Then there is also Schüttmeter for a m³ in a pile
ikea hotdogs ftw, but i'm felt personally offended when they raised the price from 0,50€ to 0,80€ or so..
Another tip: Wiktionary is a great user generated online tool for etymologies
And plenty places with names that are not accurate "anymore". Eg
Could companies like Apple get around some sort of restriction by dodging some incredibly specific definition
To me that's the real beauty of history and i wish that schools would rather focus on how all regions and aspects (technology, politics, health and desease, climate, art, etc) all work together and over time brought us to where we all are now
Oh, now I do see ...goddamn lol
Not really eternal if it's just been 10 years.
They come in buses and large groups, photograph everything and leave.
I never did it, even though I like classical music
Not really as populism actually means that the party is just using it to get voted and do not really believe it (like some left-wing parties are doing it to overcome right-wing dominance)
It tastes way too good for that
Really
above-above is just an English/internet/keyboard convention, and doesn't have to do anything with the meaning
>I mean, corruption is inherent to an autocracy / dictatorship, so that's why corruption scandals didn't exist / uncovered, because things simply weren't recorded or if they were, it wouldn't matter
Or another explanation: Neighbouring states by train, anything else I‘d tell people to take a plane
Yes that's the word
There was a huge tribal and chinese signs fad, but it seems less common now.
I always include the Northern Caucasus in Europe's boundaries - Caucasus makes a great barrier, as thr sea (yes I know Ural is not really a good boundary)
Hallo mein Freund
The mass of everything that you have to land such as equipment, resources, people, vehicles, anything basically OR the couple of humans that you have to return to earth?
We have an annual protest song contest.
Which is definitely an advantage.
Many people there are from Vienna, and maybe someone knows someone (who knows someone...) and they can point you in the right direction.
If you're in Bratislava already I would think about visiting Vienna too.
in styria
Or the same Veneto region for that matter
If you take Hitler out of the game, there isn't really a historic person that comes to my mind
Especially in engagements around the city of Al-Bab, Turkey tried several times to take the city and its outskirts and was repelled.
But yeah, it's obviously not the birds fault
I'm voting **any** party which wants to leave the EU from now on
As a life-long Wiener I learned a lot from your post, thank you
A Festmeter is a m³ of solid wood
Honestly I think in your group only two will advance, I have a feeling someone will lose against the other two world class countries and will end up with to few points to advance as third
(Though in hindsight I'm glad I dodged the incest bullet :D )
Finally
Gott zum Gruß!
I know in the Basque Country it's more common, but far from being the norm
"Zug" it can mean air draft or train ...
any big-budget special effects disaster/blockbuster movie like armageddon, independence day or a marvel movie
> Der Standard
just been to lago di garda and got greeted with apfelschorle
He is right though (generally, of course)
[The aqueduct
Whats wrong with apain and turkey
Nice, I was able to understand that
So yea i think it really is not significantly better or worse than anywhere else in western Europe.
If i were to make a decision again (being 15 and knowing what i know now, about what kind of work i want to do) i think i'd take that route rather than the academic one
Sure but it's way less difference than in deepest Vorarlberg where people from neighbouring valleys sometimes have trouble understanding each other
Yeah autocorrect
Or the Congress declares war, IIRC.
Maria Theresia and Franz Joseph are probably the "big ones" when it comes to rulers
If you like heist shows/liked the feeling of Sherlock, definitely check it out
I'm not complaining we still get hot rainy days like wtf but it's noticeably cooler than last summer, at least up til now
Frisian is completely its own thing, derives from Old Frisian, and Low German derives from Old Saxon
Depends
Thankfully
Austrian TV hasn't had to a acquire anything new in 15 years
The Parliament now has no head, this is not supposed or expected to happen and pretty much means it is unable to act
American car scene
I don't think Americans have quite realized what kind of lasting damage four years of Trump has done to their international reputation
Eggs I put on the fridge,
Which is so weird, because tourism is big business, and this shifted the whole thing more towards foreign skiiers, but now that is drying up and the reckoning is coming, the whole winter tourism industry is completely in the gutter, it's filthy expensive, it's already quickly 1000€+ for a single person for a week, imagine a family of four, nobody wants to work for them anymore, and they're already getting special work allowances to be able to get people from Ukraine or even further east because not even eastern EU wants to subject themselves to these working conditions
[like everybody here i'm left-libertarian..]
I make it myself
But otherwise spanish isn't incredibly useful
I thought I rather answer to your comment since the other guy has no flair.
It always depends - the political theory ? So Marx and Engels ? I would be proud about that since this is still the base on which things like social - democracy and social reforms were based on and developed from
Austria fuck yea
Im from Freistadt lol
> But since Bavaria is more Austrian than German
nice airport, impossibly clean
Aubergine / Melanzani
In my middle sized town
Because these were still people, these were someone's brother, father, friend
Wankham in Austria
Yeah, we're a pretty broad generation, though the definition of the date and age range differs a lot, apparently.
Europe I think is pretty dog-person
Did they purposefully kill those children
change my mind
we are chicken leg shaped
Historical: Italy,France; That's obsolete though.
Coal kills more people every year during normal operation than all nuclear accidents in history ever have.
"? Or Duke Of Pöstlingbergbahn"? I hope I understood that right
- the dead terrorist has been identified, ~15 house searchings happend 2 or 3h ago, few more people arrested during this house searchings
Oh you pesky Prussians :P
I agree with Loch Ness, but Edinburgh Castle was really beautiful and worth the visit
If you also consider Austria, check out Frequency Festival (www.frequency.at) and See Rock (beautiful location, www.see-rock.at)
Vienna “ Wannabe Standard German” there is no way you can count yourself as Austrian after that
Ist auf ein Wort, welches ein ü enthält keine der Regeln 1-3 anwendbar, so wird das Wort durch ein neues ersetzt
No not really, I think it‘s the usual „I‘m sorry“ or something like that
I think Gus' actor is Italian
Keep it for tourists and it‘s full of weird people in beautiful buildings
my foreign policy is great, amazing, greatest one you will ever see.
However most people probably don't know that they are based in Austria
Fucking Mcdonalds has uniforms.
So basically the deep frozen paella i can buy in any Austrian supermarket
Australia (Sometimes, very rarely, Oceania)
There are some good memes but yeah
Is Anti-German sentiment still a thing in your country
That works in Standard and Austrian German too
Also, it's not a frozen rock in the middle of nowhere, [but a cute little green island with trees and shit, and a small monument] I think you can also go fishing there
You've probably either been to the Zillertal, Ötztal or Paznaun
Well, uhh
This may be purely a mistake on my part or my bad memory, but I feel like we only talked about the First and Second World Wars (and the events leading up to both) in school for 2
Sweden still has diesel-electric locomotives in use as well
Ulrich Seidl even made a nice movie about it
Und ein paar zweite Weltkriegsliteratur
Of course it's not really "free", it is included in your monthly taxes, but you don't have to actively do or pay anything additional for it.
This doesn't exist in Austria, as far as I know (if you don't count Tirol and especially Vorarlberg, where Italian is common due to their geography
I‘m the youngest out of the family and have been the shortest for a long time, right now I‘m a little bit taller than my mom tho
Liberalization of the market with a few basic regulations.
So glad over here it's WhatsApp, the UI is way better imho
>And Hitler, while born in Austria, considered himself German, rejected his Austrian citizenship, and his whole career was based in Germany
Ah, similarly to what we call "Tschechei" (area name) as opposed to "Tschechien" (the country)
If you really have to do a tour like that, take one of those electric cars in an old timey look, it's virtually the same, or take a hop-on-hop-off double-decker bus
That's why this European project is so unique and amazing.
Same here
Leberkassemmerl, Bifana and Kebab
By that logic, Berlin is two cities, and Vienna, and many other
only the vorteilscard<26 is 20€, the classic one for people older than 26 years is 99€
We do eat it here but mostly in form of Leberkas
Ois Piefkegschroppn
Maybe an apartment if its really obvious that nobody is home
So it's each for 1 year
r/the_schulz is leaking into germany!
Whats the youngest (oldest)
Unbelievable that these people get paid with our taxes to release this amount of steam on a daily base
As an Austrian, I can't relate
What gendered article to use with "Nutella". Some people are wrong and say "das Nutella" (neutral) and some people are right and say "die Nutella" (feminine)
I usually use oil to heat up before I wake up in the morning and then start heating with wood when I come home from work
That's what you said
one of the long versions of Renault Master II, it's a superb car for moving.
&#x200B;
I'd imagine that that could be quite difficult.
not anything close to post ww1.
He almost ended up in a POW camp near Cologne - but since he was originally from a farm he was sent to work on a farm with 4 or 5 other POWs, which was pretty "good" compared to the regular POWs in camps
E: not it's the proper phrase
I tried listing as many known names as possible, I may have missed some but I do think I got the top of the top
We are pretty unimaginative when it comes to these things.
>German cities
in a supermarket
We live on the outskirts of the alps but we do get our fair share of snow, normally
- Same with a "spanische Krawatte" (spanish necktie) and mammary sex
I thought too but it was in Google's Vienna sightseeing list so I put it in anyway
too stupid to realize they're being played".
Is this an authentic [video]
Won't ever happen here
Look at the rhetoric lately, clearly everyone's a Nazi.
He also explains how to smuggle too high donation past the regulations and mentions multiple other people who have done so, including some of austrias most wealthy industrials
So no surprise it was that limestone heavy
To a degree no ÖVP-head has been able to do since the 1960s, or at least since Schüssel
I actually do
It's still so weird
How about your country
Our only civil war and enacting the first fascist regime in Austria seems like a big thing
in austria we still have krampus, who was reinvented by the church but was a celtic tradition to scare away the bad ghosts
That's not true at all :) they massively improved in the last years imo
Then there was this whole Bush Jr
Yeah it's still a Schnitzel
Why would Serbia even want Kosovo?
Austria has mandatory military service too, but you use military (Category A) weapons there mostly which you aren't allowed to own as a civilian.
This and the fact that guns don't really need to be stored away in a safe can cause disasters
I think we all know what I meant and you're only proving my point here
You mean by laws and law enforcement, or regular people?
Because you frequent the wrong restaurants I guess
you're a bunch of jokers in here
Here a very good video on the topic by philosophy tube, featuring the speaker of the American sex worker association: [
Turks
Our school system is built for mediocrity, awful for students with mental health issues or learning difficulties
If he steps foot on German soil he can apply for asylum there
It was a 3hour lesson about paper production
And from witnessing it personally.
Open discussion of ideas: Go fuck yourself you [opposite side label here] bigot
I actually knew at least one of the artists mentioned in all the other replies, yes
This was a democratic decision by the American people and we have to accept the outcome no matter who wins.
suomi has more subscribers, so i'd assume /r/Suomi
Official Language will be Austrian btw.
I don't know why but I like to watch the people there
If I invite somebody I of course am going to cook for them
(or i just wait for climate change to happen, then i might also like the temperature here)
You're not wrong, it's fucking 20°C here in Austria, and I hate it
/r/SchnitzelVerbrechen
Or when we say something like "Dreiviertel Vier" for 15:45h. Or the word "ein bisschen". And then there´s the word "eh" which is a story for itself
What happened
I don‘t know if it can represent my country but I can remember one that happened in 2020:
It is not one that is divided by a border
i'm not interested in how they (don't) work.
You called me you know who I am
I think most of our emperors are either well remembered or forgotten.
Countries are handling this quite differently and I am sure this (and the extent to which each country is affected which can change in just a few days) makes a difference in the perceived anxiety
I am so happy that we showed the europe(and to some extend the world) that the right can be stopped, dont give bigotry and racism a chance
the themes can't also be too outlandish because a significant amount of people is supposed to get them, even shitfaced.
how is feeling superior to those who give in to that primal instinct wrong?
" Peracetic acid is a strong [oxidizing agent] and severe irritant to the skin, eyes, and respiratory system
I hope you wrote a salty review
Bride's kinda cute, she dating
Isnt the reason for cannabis beeing prohibited that its illegal
I think it was a fascinating country with a unique overarching culture that is now lost forever
A Festmeter is a m³ of solid wood
It's quite perverse for certain peoples if you think about it
I would probably do a small Google background check
Of course sometimes they are cutting some mushrooms into the pasta sauce or they are frying meat and then they eat it with some french fries from the freezer section, etc
But I do not want to be judged by the actions of my ancestors
Yes it is stupid to stand in line for it, tourists should just get it somewhere else (you can get it in every café) if they want to try it
Btw: when they say good bye in Bavaria, they say "Füart di" (don't know how it's written) which absolutely sounds like "Fick di" to me.
I DRAW THE LINE AT ELECTING A "VULGAR PIECE OF SHIT"! Because God knows Reagan was classy as fuck
I never had the impressions that it's a light insult you'd just throw around
Sudan, or maybe only South Sudan?
everyone is burning meanwhile we in Austria have a shitton of rain and ~15°c. love it
It is the best real multirole fighter out there (together with the F/A-18).
Many believe it is the day the last allied troops left the country after WW2, reestablishing full independence
The action of showing pride of your nation through symbols is somewhat tainted by history in Germany and Austria
Ok, well since the lyric change from "home are you of great sons" to "home of great daugthers and sons" the one who claim to have the most national pride refuse to sing the new lyrics....
Says the Austrian
i don't think that he is seen as anything remotly positive in austria as well
As another Austrian stated: We miss the sea or direct access to it
I would say Germany
I think it's an "emperor's new clothes" meme.
The first terror attack we in Vienna experienced for 40 years
this is the way i eat my wiener schnitzel.
Funfact: If you look at the border between Belgium and Germany you can see the lines to some wierd overlap thing
Gigritz evidently mimics the sound a crow makes
End rant, stay safe Americans, and I hope you can power through this *attack on your freedom
Well no, they choose to wear [larger cloth] (or borrow them from their dad?) even when they could fit in [smaller] ones
I've never seen that
* 1955 Re-founding of the state, in it's current form
It is about as legit, as if geert Wilders would make one such map.
It comes from the word "Grubenhunt", which is a mine cart
My wallet was stolen from my handbag once in a crowded train station about 10 years ago
The "instead of cancer treatment" is an interesting framing, as if they didn't have any other money
It's not like people will give you a weird look or anything but I definitely feel a little bit lost whenever I'm in a restaurant alone, just because I don't really have anyone to talk to
Kids running around making noise
* see (See = lake)
Lol
I believe you
Maybe a [Lipizzaner] horse
Would you rather live in your own country or somewhere else and if yes, how many
I was actually pretty disappointed by Paris
Although that would make him look like a Tiefling, which would make him look cool again
It was entertaining enough but not very objective and definitely a headscratcher
it's very easy to define the difference.
They were necessary of course, but not everyone agreed on that matter
Which technically is different than how it would've been used a century ago (where the preposition "to" would often be omitted, also it would never appear at the end of a sentence as that was considered poor grammar)
"I sat alone in the compressor room, when - it was exactly 10:27 - the 400 horsepowered compressor, which fed the electromotor for the steam-overheater, showed a noticeable voltage fluctuation
Austria: No, it's not an issue, as long as it's not smelly food and not eaten too close to other people (on public transport or the like)
I've seen college students who were abroad for a year and they sound almost as if English was their mother language.
Absolutely annoying, if you ask me
I try to but usually I don't find a lot of Austrian comments
I don't understand this sentiment of people who want to "save" all the poor refugees.
It is NOT supposed to be breaded - everyone who pours sauce over a breaded schnitzel can go die in a hole
From where do they cross your border
I nearly forgot, Lord of the Rings got a new translation too (well that was a biiiit
It's always been like that and it's fine - your country's actions have the biggest impact on the world so naturally, the news outlets will focus on it
It doesn't get any better
Other than that I'd say I don't feel more of a connection to you than to a Czech a Hungarian or an (northern) Italian.
Would you take issue with someone dancing over Greek Gods and their Mythology and calling them fairy tales
I'd choose Berlin or Amsterdam.
he lived his Life in the Austrian Corelands, that Area that goes on to Form the Nation of Austria
Spain's craftsmen class on the other hand declined
Reich mode triggered nation-wide.
Please elaborate (if still relevant after reading 1+2)
Maybe if you just got a job (especially when you get your first job) then somebody might ask you „And how much do you get
I wasn't the one who brought up language, that was you, and I also never claimed that that's what makes cultural differences.
The best and worst thing about German Wikipedia is the high quality control
I only know the more recent "Wien darf nicht Istanbul werden" one.
We are full of short place names like au (vorarlberg)
This seems to be common with German speaking teachers
Besides I easily get confused by little things like fish n' chips
I have a Slovakian friend who is a sound engineer
That's why there's a "somewhat". That's the point of a federation - some autonomy, some central government
I also use other typical Austrian diminuitives like -tscherl, -tschi, -i etc
It's not that much, but honest work
First I rode it with side wheels, then by papa took them off one day and held me, until he didn't hold me anymore in one moment, and that's how I rode the bike
The reason why many live so extremly close and not more spread out over the village is because the area was farmland and owned by my family, after my grandfather died my uncle decided to not continue the farm so everyone in the family old enough just got a piece od land, under this people where my father and a few cousines
I could do that as well but this is against the reddiquette.
But now even in summer it get's dark earlier
And when Basque men have to be fancy, a chequered shirt is the solution
Innsbruck, Tyrol: with 400€ you can have a 40-60 sqm flat together with two roommates
Well who could that be ...
Not everything is a social construct and puberty is hell.
at account and in my account settings it says (in German) that [I cannot unsubscribe because it's part of being a free user
Winter 0
> Articles must deal explicitly with US politics
This is
> Fission has come a long way and is incredibly safe and Fusion is still entirely theoretical
In particular, the Burschenschaften of the Burschenschaftlichen Gemeinschaft are politically often at the right edge of the student connections
Waiters and waitresses in Austria (and especially Vienna) are notoriously unfriendly.
Edit: she didn't use it on me - she just told me that they used it in their childhood
Some fascist who wanted to get into power but drank to much and died in a car accident
So it's something you have to just try and pick up from talking to friends, unfortunately
So basically they would create the problem and then use it as a strawman
I've visited all states of Austria except for Vorarlberg but you could argue anyway that this isn't even Austria anymore.
Googling someone in general is not an invasion of privacy, in my opinion
> he thought I was his colleague and called me a "Spasti"
Vienna: diverse mix between traditional/imperial and modern architecture, amongst the cities with the best quality of living in the world, kind of the Austrian Berlin regarding the fact that it's a melting pot for creative people
Personally I have no problems with it and find it pretty stupid
Fun fact, the modern harmonica/akkordeon/squeezebox was invented in Vienna (Cyrill Demian had the first patent in 1829), and made it's glorious and incredibly rapid spread all over Europe and into the New World (including the folk music of the southern US and Argentinian tango music) from there
In Upper Austria I've been to the Schaumburg ruin, Clam, Altpernstein (I've slept there numerous times), Leonstein ruins, Schloss Klaus (I've slept there too; originally it was a castle), Schloss Linz (also used to be a castle, and used to be even a Roman *castrum*, and before that a Celtic one), various of the fortification towers around Linz, Bergschlössl Linz (I used to go there with my friends to drink beer), Schloss Freistadt, Kaiservilla Bad Ischl (if you wanna count that), Schloss Puchberg Wels, and a bunch of others I can't remember the name or the exact location of
I am pretty sure Iohannis did not reject her because of being Muslim.
I don‘t think we have family gatherings
certainly not have Topfenkolatschen, that's for sure
From a foreigner's perspective I'd say that the first thing that comes to mind thinking of the Netherlands would be giant windmills surrounded by tulip fields
Courts putting records online is invasion of privacy
Something especially US visitors don't understand why we have some Sovjet memorials scattered around the country and a huge and beautiful one in Vienna.
Yup :) the view is from the 11th floor.
000 Kronen (the currency back then) has never been increased
I encountered people like that in Paris, hanging around the most touristy spots like in front of Notre Dame, trying to make people sign a sheet with their contact details, and simultainsously bagging for money.
They have a couple of hundred members all over Europe.
Because it's butt ugly while offering only negligable security benefits
Thus he is considered independent.
A lot of the technical Universities (Technische Universität / TU) in Germany have courses concerning aerodynamics, flight, spacetravel and all relevant subsystems.
It's probably one of the biggest honors in chemistry/physics to have an element named after you
Die Heim-ins-Reich-Motivation ist älter als der Nationalsozialismus
[Schlipfkrapfen] They're not even that well known in the rest of Austria, but they are so delicious
The productivity on a Friday afternoon in many departments is inexistent
At least in Austria
Somehow someone needs to teach them more fitting political terminology
That strikes me as a bit odd
I have never been carded in my teenage life in Austria in the 1990s.
No without Mateschitz nobody would know of RedBull as a drink
>How can I travel to Europe without annoying the locals
The Mother charges at the dog, tourist refuses to let him go (which she should absolutely do, a dog can easily evade a cow)
Today, Austria has a very strong identity
Counties people don't joke about: Salzburg, Tyrol, Vorarlberg, Styria
Well it was used as crematory in darker times, so may he is onto something
I think they are just more specific in their target group around here
I don't think there's a major language with easier grammar than English
The name is a bit misleading
And every other ticket is directly availablie through the WL app
Germany, of course
I'm not an expert on this and since I'm not affected I don't know all the details, but what I gather from watching a lot of German political debate shows is: *they are not doing much*.
German has naja, which Austrians pronounce as na jo
SPÖ: "socialist party austria" center left party
On the other hand, more british-born muslims have joined ISIS than are serving in the UK military.
Pintxo, Pintxo bere izena du
Bin Kärntner und mag fast alles, liebe fast jeden Käse, aber Glundner
**Edit: **Correct link:
Tapakapa
Short explanation: Jörg Haider with his FPÖ-party was one (if not the first) modern right-wing populist in Europe/the world
- Give it back
Some yeety Czechy bois OR 1/3rd of Central Europe
I hate it
- salami calabrese (spianata calabra to be exact)
It's actually very similar to Austrian humour
Yeah but biologically the Iberian peninsula is almost its own thing
It would be worse if Norway wasn’t making it clear and lots of their students end up surviving COVID 19 in the USA just to come back with crippling debt
Especially if you compare it with other nations where it is normal to eat every day a self made meal in the evening, maybe even with a self made soup or salad or combined with left-overs from the previous day
] If the interior was on fire, it would be visible through the windows at the side of the nave or the large rosette window of the transept
Greece, Belgium and every other country are looking to buy F-35.
We have a chance this time around
Or something like that
I know we were just talking about sausages, but I'm not a guy
As you all have pointed out, English has a lot of different pronunciations for words that when written should rhyme and so on.
Do you have any military displays or shows of military strength on your country's National Day?
but it doesn't really apply to other cities or larger towns and definitely not to everything outside Vienna as a whole
zzzzz
Last year a conservative MP interjected: "You're not in Bosnia, we have rules here
And you can very easily write German until the day you die and not use a single apostrophe ever, it is especially not used in the possessive form
I absolutely love and adore the Italian national anthem
_Sigh
Nearly no countries in Europe are subject to jihadist attacks...
A good day for the EU
Totally not, believe me
The most popular cold cut + bread and arguably the national dish of Austria is the Extrawurstsemmel which is a semmel filled with Extrawurst.
Well, but mainly they support the international chain that owns the hotel they're staying at, or the fastfood chains they're eating at, the airline, etc
Spanish, but the one spoken in Latin Amerika and Central America
Radetzky March
Oh boy another FTA, i can hear the austrian country folk scream ...
It is hard to believe that an event that almost shuts down the country (175 million unique views) can be something people barely think about.
that doesn't make a lot of sense.
My computer
That's literally country side / tiny village stuff
Sorry, not here
the way the Austrian system works - it's basically law
If the choice is between compromise and mutually assured destruction there isn't really a choice.
Yesterday we took the frecciarossa high speed train to Naples, which was great
I wonder if they'll end up extending "historical Chinese territory" to anything China or the Mongols ever controlled
Ja, und wir sind stolz drauf
On the 13th of March, Nazi-Chancellor Seyß-Inquart officially signed the "Anschluss"-law
They like their beer
I recently listened to a podcast about Andrées expedition to the north pole with a hot air balloon, that ended in an usolved mystery in north eastern svalbard
I've got a paid account
And not a single one in the west where I live
Personally, I can understand it about as easily as an Alemannic dialect (Swiss or whatever), which is to say: I have to concentrate, but it's not all too different
I guess I answered the questions as intended though (little anxiety regarding COVID-19)
Unfortunately, it goes waaayyy further back than WWII.
Personally I feel quite safe
i would not feel comfortable letting people know about my sexuality, though maybe that's mostly because of my former bad experiences.
And it was totally clear that it would end like this in the case of Brexit
I always thought I'm pretty good with deciphering accents, but this truly beats me :D
I'm assuming you mean at school
Historically social democrats, if there still were any minors they'd likely be voting for the freedom party.
A few minutes earlier somebody criticized me for using Lwiw :(
It's a fact that the current world population and growth aren't sustainable.
Would probably be confused and intrigued
I'm for free contraceptives for everybody though, which might lead to less abortions.
Courts putting records online is invasion of privacy
And yes i started to speak and learn dutch a year ago so now i could even apeak with then in dutch (at least to some degree)
well the first written record of the name Ostarrichi was in 996
Dude it was an example that we must not blame someone before we know anything at all.
a name you will say to anyone if you listen carefullyyyy
Googled
It’s been about 7 years that I’ve lived here
No, I would say the close second is trying to pet free-ranging calfes.
The Little mermaid is also pretty dark in original variant
No, I meant instead of Wienwoche
L'Europe a besoin de vous
He defiantly wasn't insane in any clinical sense
Why should you earn more then a worker with decades of experience
Late marriage was more or less considered family planning
(Have seen this several times from backpackers in Italy)  Also, go to the South of Spain if you want to go to the med
No offense, but Germany has no idea what coffee is
Holy shit look at those mountains
Aulla	FI
Carpet floors in general is something I don't get, but even at home some people keep their shoes on
... could work ...
The diseases which vaccines prevent against - whether it's polio or even the flu - are not a joke
I've been a fan of Kern since day 1 but this..
There's [flimmit] which is an Austrian VOD service, but I'm unsure whether it can be easily accessed outside of Austria.
Well it didn't help that the US fired the whole Iraqi army and armed anti government rebels.
Schneeberg, meaning snow mountain
What do you mean with hostile rethoric ?
Just ask Stepan Radic
austrian here too, can confirm.
Deshalb rennt er mit ner Kornblume herum :\^)
Also: the best Spanish region is Cantabria
i think that emblem is a little bit too complex to be on a flag
In my opinion they're doing it right, it's part of their culture and identity, giving that up is a grave mistake.
Pretty sure it is not effective against air strikes, as of now
Mhm actually I know the other one, but I don't recognise this picture
So repression of the Slovenian language was not a constant over time
maybe because most people who own cattle have a truck or transporter here
I think he did something that would be comparable to an American Football player donning a KKK hood during his touchdown celebration, or making a nigger/jew joke during an interview.
The "youngest" Austrian state is (probably
-\_-
If you ever see a car with flaming wheel arches being pushed down a mountain by a trailer it's almost guaranteed to be from the Netherlands.
Using other providers than gmail has nothing to do with being tech illiterate, and of course all company email has custom domains on top
Yeah it would be, but I never thought about it
> - the French ~~police, probably~~
When we learned what become really means, the card became (ha
I'll check tomorrow, I think there was one prepper guy that ended up being too suspicious and getting killed quickly because he wanted to defend his bunker
Where-from come They
If you live in Vienna you don't have a Wienwoche :P
Source
The inner city has some garish baroque houses on every corner.
For 20-30€ a day, you can find (cheap) hotels, but metropolitan areas will be more expensive.
The protagonist is a racist arsehole and they aren't afraid to show it
But these stereotypes exist and some people believe them
Fishing feels less violent but I think it would be very boring for me.
Rename to Nebelux to get neighbours right
So first it would be nigh impossible defeating your countries + NATO forces and then they would have a very unstable region with lots of unrest and guerilla warfare, for what exactly ?
Austria is a Republic
I‘m not sure tho, so it would be nice if another Austrian could confirm or deny that
- Something that is "behmisch"/"böhmisch" or bohemian is something that is a knock-off, a poor imitation or cheap quality (sorry neighbours)
This map is hot garbage
Oh, but of course you’ll defend them, since ‘daddy’ Amerika is the only reason your pos scumbag apartheid country still exists
Is this discussion about Germany or Austria?
Not that changing countries is easy or anything, but it's hardly shaking your world to move from Ireland to GB.
Poor you
Descendent from germanic tribes are people from north germany, the nederlands, north belgium, england, norway, sweden and denmark
r/Minecraft
Which I think is great
It looks like a standard washing mashine, it has a additional dryer function.
Oh well
Typically the groups just move from house to house in my town on the 5th of December
I was expecting a gross exaggeration, but that actually does sound bad
When our son just started eating we bought Barilla on purpose because that stuff gets very mushy
These numbers are absolute or relative?
You can see clearly that there are still the rest of the candidates listed that didn't make it into the second round.
The old people said leave, the young prefered stay
Turns out one is French, and is what we call in German *Haschee*, and is probably related to *faschieren*. The other one, *hashish*, comes from Arabic
But politics completely aside, Strache and Kurz are much more intelligent than Trump
I honestly have trouble wrapping my head around this concept
They must really hate those old windows
An austrian who doesn't like schnitzel or drink beer
locally and to me personally, I'd say it has slightly historical and dialectal connotations, old people might use it more often than younger ones, and less educated ones more often than highly educated ones
We know what you are talking aboot
But now there is the question : how much ? And should there be an age limit ? If someone comes here as refugee and is 55 he can obtain citizenship with 60 - is it realistic that he learns the language on the needed level for that at such an age ? And is it needed ?
And so they presented him to the locals: “Das ist der Schmecker”.
> aprés ski
What
And my biggest problem is not with the sauce itself, you can eat your schnitzel with sauce but you do not poor it over the schnitzel like most do it
Chicken definitely is the most popular poultry meat, both in traditional cuisine as well as everyday cooking
Yes, in the rural area a little bit more common than in person the cities.
Also my account was suspended, idk why, all I'ce done is adding m own pics under a CC license and asked in the discussion pages If there is more Proof to Things I've found online to some topics
My cousin was actually in Afghanistan for a few months - I think we put in some 50 troops to the peacekeeping mission.
I never understood for what it is worth, but since our last Right-Right government I happily pay for it, because without it the public news media cannot be independent since it is not tax and goes directly to those institutions
>	So Johnson did the exact opposite of what Macron did
Were I come from there is an event the day before Three Kings Day called ["Glöcklerlauf"]
Of course there's still people further left of him, but he's a pretty good ballpark in general
No, I'm just going by what I hear back then when all my friends and me had to do military service.
Portugal: one of my earliest vacation memories is going there and i've wanted to go back ever since
Hmm, I haven't been in a Lidl in many years it's not as popular as Hofer for example.
>.. eine Kurve, die scharf war, ...
Church St
Best time to go since all the squat racks are free.
Now I‘m intrigued
Is yours gmx
Totally unexplainable, on the other hand, was, that my mine dog, sleeping in the laboratory, showed signs of extreme nervousness, half an hour before
Or so I have gathered from the Wallander series
Compare U2 stations (extension and classic) to U1/U3 and U6 stations - they're all different because those sections of the network had different ideas of what "modern" looked like.
Right
Diaphragm ... ok, that's just a tough muscle, nothing wrong iwth that
Bratislava, the capital city of Slovakia, is slowly but steadily growing and given how close it is to Austria, they are now building directly at the border (district: Nesto)
Why are they hated
Some don‘t even have german names by deafult, like, I recently googled what chapstick would be in german and the *dicitionary* said there‘s labello and labello only
Vienna is another story, because my apartment is on the canal facing the most central district so I can almost walk everywhere
They are kind of a language minority surrounded by Italian and German speakers who might or might not be a minority themselves
Then we find the Old High German name *Wenia* in a Latin text from around the 9th century, which certainly derives from *Vedunia*. That eventually turned into *Wien* or *Wean*.
Also we wouldn't want to invade Russia, so we wouldn't necessarily fight on their territory, causing lots of structural damage to eastern Europe in the process, which already is worse off than the rest.
I'd hope the country wises up before then
My old school recently added some big things to what they teach like more advanced excel and even scratch (programmimg language developed to teach young people)
Next to a teenage girl from sweden
So your bank will withhold taxes you don't have to pay and you need them to stop doing that.
Also why would hydro produce double the amount of nuclear.
If you eat food with low nutritional value but you eat a lot of it, chances are you will still sort of get enough of what your body needs
my wife like the shelf one better, cause she fears "poseidons kiss"
Which one is it then
A Trailer Park Boys reference
I'd consider getting around by train.
What do you expect
30 pm) so Golden Girls was on (not a kids show)
[Spinach dumplings]
RIP
They literally have no reason to exist other than make politics for themselves and their wealthy backers (i.e. "the rich", cliche as it may sound)
I guess it is that the last government got suspended and the so called “expert government” is the first in years to actually make wise decisions
So is this really how it happened, they built those beautiful solid structures for an Expo only to be removed 6 months later
Dutch is german spoken by a drunk englishmen and written down by someone who had a stroke while doing so
Picking some underdogs here (esp
In Romania all military establishments belong to the Ministry of Defence
Tax heaven status works for micro nations but not for the big economies.
>attack on our embassy
For sure
-**bike
Plus we still somehow manage to share a border with the Germans
Mattine	IT
Staying out of the Warsaw Pact and Nato, givigng Austria the rare oppertunity to trade with both sides
Not really - cause you do apply it to all people
Really not that far from how it's written, since after learning a few compounds you can really pronounce every word almost perfectly.
the name
However, after the last economic crash 10 years ago, our economy got badly fucked up and we haven't recovered from that until today.
You spent an entire empire to deal with an united Germany
Even if the eurosceptics would win in some nations
Morgenstern
One in France is being built right now, but this one will only be used for scientific purposes.
Aufm Austria sub is er mit Vorarlberg betitelt
I just dip the piece I am about to eat in it or spread the jam onto that piece
Gotta agree on that one :‘D
:("
Man some people must live really cheap, because sometimes it feels like I spend this in a week
Suitia	FI
I really have to visit this region someday.
000
"Héroes del Silencio" was a quite good spanish Rock band
This is something I have to blame myself too for
For nightlife Berlin is arguably better than these.
r/evilbuildings
Kopf und Schulter, Knie und Fuß, Knie und Fuß.
ÖVP dying to the Neos would be hilarious, I have to admit
Over the radio he was ordered to continue the assault, now alone in his tank with this dead buddy in the same compartment
Unless you are extremely slow to react
Just yes, really
Disgusting
Like Alfred Dorfer once said: "The Chinese have Yin and Yang
Open air museum Stübing (old farm buildings)
Or like cigarettes
Fun fact: i spoke to a farmer because i'd noticed a burnt spot on one of the meadows high up and he just casually said "yeah a cow took a fall and we had to burn it right there
Still my favourite expression of all time
I hate it
But damn, that‘s interesting
Every person over the age of 14 is allowed to change their religion without the parents okay
He was not near that, but he spun a story that should make him look like the heroic surviver of a terror attack
Vienna expat/student here
If I were single I figured my target would be a nice scandinavian girl.
After the loss of Skane every external war Denmark participated was a loss or a costly stalemate, which is all the worse because Denmark often was the attacker in these situations
Yeah I know the CIA has/had their fingers in many many places around the world I was just surprised that they did it in Austria too
It's not so much misleading and more like an honest mistake.
Stopping welfare payments for migrants and their children and grandchildren, maybe
Germany
So you get a bunch of hotheads.
I mean the old movies are quite average, it's more nostalgia
Very common in academic research but not so much in terms of copyright, universities rarely care about that, but about intellectual property (patents, licensing,...)
Don't bother
Especially when talking to strangers, I could be joking with a shop assistant in Linz, but I wouldn't really do that in even a small villiage like Windorf
Well, we have exact the same story, just that our (Babenberger) lord was a crusader.
Well than we have something we can agree on, I am also pro Brexit because I think it's better for the EU
The prices technically change, but unless there is mass inflation, things won't actually be more expensive.
No idea what that user meant with "first independent country". Independent from who
laws that prevent nazis from congregating in public are not anti-nazi laws.
Kind of erroneous to say the Cyrillic alphabet is from Bulgaria
only some of them are slightly cringey in hindsight, mostly I'm glad it went this way
It's not even just in Austria, brexit and co had the same divide.
Wouldn’t do that
Thanks to you you guys we look like the Shiba Inu puppy of nations, when really we always have been more like a really bitter, bitchy, and psychotic old house-cat
I don't know exactly only that the government and the owner couldn't come to a compromise over the usage of the building.
Slovakia wasn't in the Soviet Union
Back in my youth it was Gina Wild
Depends on how old you are, but as far as I can remember we always had great tap water
In German, the correct term is Tschechien.
I have heard jokes like "I can do whatever I want, because I built the Autobahn
It's really interesting how loan words and words in general can change meaning over time
Also because it's the flattest region of Austria
The tradition is still very strong, however mostly in the valleys
You skip right over them, right over the conference of Jalta just so you can blame them.
Are you sure stayed properly in the lineage etc
Ruoti	FI
just wait until someone reveals the real numbers of China
Often in the morning the area is covered in fog
9%)
I think this chart should properly show the US somewhere 5 pages above everyone else instead of making the jump from 50 - 100k show in a single line
I think it has something to do with convenience, sometimes the English expression is just so much simpler than the German one (big surprise, i know) that i tend to use it more, simply out of laziness
Beidl
"What hill
Then there are 20000 burgenlandkroaten that speak that special croatian dialekt and that dialekt is an offical minority language
You still have many places in Baden-Württemberg with the Austrian flag in their coat of arms from the good ol' Outer Austria days
I don't really have an issue with this
So if grandma or uncle comes for a visit and wants to pick up someone, parents have to send in the information beforehand
Who're you calling German here?
Mozart is from austria
He also spoke German almost exclusively throughout his career and resided in Vienna
However if I got asked whether the wine was local, my answer would very much vary depending on who asked
10°C would be far better
Looks like a ham leg
Exactly this is how it's done here as well
Too bad that Erdogan banned the Austrian archeological mission to Ephesos, who had been there for 120 years.
keep in mind that Denmark ~~is~~ was the world largest producer of mink pelts
I have deep respect for the French people and having spent time on r/France and other French subreddits recently, I wish my self-taught French wasn't too limited to show my sincere appreciation for them and their country
Loved it, still like it
Not every Austrian lives in the Alps
In my mind, nobody likes the US
I don't know, but he went on and on about the tactics in the mountains
I don't think something between 2-3 is too high, even with lot's of old people, who have no or very basic English - after all, most people <40 have learned at least 2 foreingn language at school.
But that only works because changes are not published until they are through a quality control
There's also A LOT of people who believe HC Strache and Gudenus were not drunk in the Ibiza video, but they were drugged and somehow led to say all those things, totally not their fault
So you are saying there's only 6 big countries out of over a hundred
My personal favourite from recent history would be the Bundespräsidentenstichwahlwiederholungsverschiebung
You can use Spotify and google maps etc
To the best of my knowledge, you get your time from the cellular network anyway, not (only) NTP.
Definitely do that ;)
But basically it's just pulling your legs
If you were an Austrian citizen you'd have to declare those gains by filling out an "Einkommensteuererklärung" - not sure if it's the same for you as a foreigner.
keep in mind that Denmark ~~is~~ was the world largest producer of mink pelts
It came about when an satirist got fed up by journalists writing incompetently about technical topics; he wrote to the "Neue Freie Presse" a letter which contained phrases like "variability of the pressure thickness" and "cosmic earthquakes".
Really
We had one article a few hours earlier, claiming that he would lose, even if he wins.
So a total of 150 which is very good and a ratio of 2:1 which is also good
If you are only cooking occasionally (and only for one person) these premade packs make a lot of sense, if it comes down to things that can go bad
No but I only can speak for your gas stations, really
We had hipsters before they were cool in the US!
Try to beat that economic advantage alone.
The difference being that a middle-aged drunk guy who's cussing you out because you won't let him cut in line at Billa on a Sunday evening feels a bit less scary than three young dudes having an all-out fight in the middle of the day, while a dozen others are sitting and standing around them, just watching.
Bratislava is a wonderfull city with a romantic danube flair.
Looks fake
English - Vienna
Austrians definitely have Kapsalon
That makes sense
I love this old, self-deprecating Austrian saying:
People joke about it sometimes, but it's definitely not a complete taboo
Right now the FPÖ seems to be more nebulously claiming that there are "too many" (without giving any indication how many would be fine) and that they are "dangerous" (again: no actual measurables given)
I don't know why everyone (german) forgot "Egal/Mir egal". It is a word apparently only we use and it means I don't care
I do genuinely hope for you fellow people in the UK that you get another chance to vote
Interesting, in German we have "Rom sehen und sterben" (="You see Rome and then you can die")
Da haben die SdAP Politiker wohl auch die Verachtung der Kommunisten auf die Sozialdemokratie mit voller Härte realisiert
Our very own super-Aryan, not-at-all-corrupt, and certainly-not-Nazis-I-swear-that's-just-isolated-cases-I-promise-my-right-arm-just-has-this-tick right wing knights of the Austrian Freedom Party *love* to use terms like that
However it was to popular and they couldn't do much
It's not even about being conservative or far-right.
Shouldn't there be a purchase/price icon beside the links as well
Also, use your inside voice outside and your outside voice inside
But I don't think it still works
While there is more media available in English these days, people's everyday conversations are still in the countries' languages, as is TV, school, all the laws, etc
> As the hussars fled through the camps, a corps commander, General of Artillery Colloredo, thought that it was a cavalry charge by the Ottoman army and ordered artillery fire
Beim ersten Bild hast Bayern vergessen sonst schöne Arbeit
Freudian slip
English guy: perfectly says the Latin version
Nonsense
He desperately wants to be the strong and stable leader during crisis, so crisis gets to go on until it fits into his schedule
I think that was in 1998
I‘d rather have a hassle buying cigarettes for my dad when the cashiers know my dad is (almost) behind me than knowing I, as a minor, can get cigarettes easily
The opposite experience of being touched by "profound" lyrics has happened to me maybe once or twice in my life, at most, and it's just not something I go and look for
I think the main argument is that skyscrapers next to buildings like the Hofburg, Grazer Uhrturm, Hallstatt/Hallein or other historical buildings that are extremely old-style just doesn‘t look right
But in my opinion the mentality of Austrians is very much still "monarchist", even if they don't consciously realize it
Hob ollerhaund iwa Europa und a poa klane Lända glearnt!
Also from a usage standpoint: While many people do have Gmail accounts, especially in their private life, still you'd be excluding everyone who uses a different provider (gmx, yahoo, work email address, ...)
I used to love the sound of Spanish, and I still do, but ever since I speak it fluently, the feel is different, because there's so many other things I can concetrate on other than the sound
It seems spanish to me
I mean that's your opinion
Judging by their dialect, I think they should be attached to Vorarlberg instead of Germany.
My ex gf definitely didn´t know the word "Jänner" for "Januar" and asked me about it
the best way to remember it: Soy ciego = I am blind
The EU has collapsed and our economy is fucked
It would be hard to give up our name but you have to make some compromises, right?
Just like a lot of other pre-military children organizations all over the world including Austria and Germany.
English can be weird though, but it can be understood through tough thorough thought.
Used QUERTZ until I moved to the US
OK so assuming this would actually be built
It just shifts the attention from the human to the object to the time to the place etc etc
Even Steam had a "Finland Anniversary"-Sale :-)
He used to be leader of right wing party FPÖ (later a breakaway faction) and governor of Austria's province Carinthia who died in a car "accident" in 2008.
Da tirola dialekt moc t and tirola zum tirola, da steirische an steira zum steira, da fränkische an fronkn zum fronkn,...
Joking about how miserable you are whilst actually really being hurt on the inside
But he also smuggled other things that were legal but hard to get, like nylon tights, or random stuff, like alarmclocks
Whether Kaiserschmarrn is a full meal or just desert
The plumber needs to park somewhere, so does the Amazon driver
Washing your hands after each patient in the hospital, probably
Can we now get back to something about Europe
According to police of Graz, half of the city's mosque associations radical.
;-)
maybe it will work the second time right
But it was never used for enetgy production
After 5-10 minutes they SUDDENLY remember how to speak english
Nope it's totally weird, sorry that happened to you
"Scheiß weana
Not because they were sex-related or sleazy in any way, but because the ladies mostly used their elbows and it really *hurt*.
Honorary mention, of course: O-zone - Dragostea din tei
other countries' top leader positions seem to get translated less nowadays as well
BIERZELT STATT SHAKESPEARE
There are also many common Slovenian surnames that got "germanized" : Čebul -> Tschebull, Strnad -> Sternat, Šoja -> Tschojer, Čižek -> Schischegg, Černi -> Tscherne
* Many Serbs are aggressively nationalistic, even for Balkan standards, which is annoying and obnoxious.
Yea Switzerland, UK, Norway,Iceland etc...
The EU should stick together and start to actively boycot any country that stands against France in this matter
Then there's those people that think literally everyone is a peasant and more often than not I've seen people say 'WIR SIND EURE HAUPTSTADT IHR BAUERN!' meaning 'We're your capital you peasants.
Did they have Meinl supermarkets in Hungary?
I look up the German term and switch to the English article
However, certain generations are used in specific sectors that focus on segmenting and differentiation different target audiences (marketing, politics etc
we have sparkling wine instead
Immerhin wissens endlich wos a Mohnflessal is
Austria numbah one
We've had 4 days of 6 classes á la 50 minutes and one day with 10 classes.
In german it's  "mit Wasser
We really didn't have separate showers for example because we were a smaller catholic school that only admitted girls since the early 90s.
It only stands out compared to others because they were very eager and specific about it, so it doesn't *seem* like an empty platitude
It was focused after the Austrian Prussian War
It is even played on the münchner octoberfest and i heard it in a linzer disco so it isn't just the countryside that knows it
Generally, the people who have most contact with foreigners use the most english swear words and phrases.
No, they usually pass out while having a cig and set their room on fire
They are not going to reduce terrorist attacks or gun crime by banning magazines above a certain size
Same in Austria and it makes perfect sense, although there are some people from the country side who don't seem to get the 8:15 part or 8:45 while they use the 8:30 part as "half nine".
Glasses are a few hundred years older than you apparently think
It's crazy to me that Conservative parties up and down the continent seem to be emulating Sebastian Kurz
If you have any questions, please ask them, I will try to answer them as good as possible
The thing is, driving there is so unattractive and annoying that people just don't do it unless they absolutely have to because trams drive by every couple minutes and pedestrians are walking all over the place.
Sometimes you end up admiring the posh area with all the embassies and sometimes you end up in a pub in a weird area with locals who speak very little English
Tschechei
while there *is* a word with the same meaning, we're just not going around as much declaring our exitedness about things
Frankly, though, I wouldn't put him in the same league as Atatürk or Sun Yat-Sen.
There is some affordable stuff there too, it's not only villas and shit like that
Nice
it depends on the party, and the amount of people and food that's left over
That's basically the German "One, two, three, Freddy's coming for you" just without Freddy
Life is not fun there
When we begun this crazy relationship, marriage was kind of an avoided subject.
It's hard not to love that one, it's just so legendary
There are some very good pieces of information in there, but I think a couple of things could be improved.
Kappel | FPÖ | 441 | abstained
] But I don't like the Croatian font as much
Next to Schwarzenegger is probably Christoph Waltz (not as iconic though)
Really cool but it's the first time I've seen/heard of it
Let's hope that we'll get fusion
Last updated speak of 7 deceased, there are multiple videos online
Austria would stop hating the north and start hating the south
Cari Cari - they make awesome rock music
Nah, he's just a big fan of the Naruto dub.
No proper lighting (ceiling lights) in living rooms
What if the new government is ISIS?
Thats because French elections are ealrier.
At least that's what my grandpa told me :)
Pölten
Those are well regarded in that Scene (but otherwise pretty unknown of course, since DnB isn't exactly Mainstream in most places).
It hasn't happened because the pro Brexit side doesn't have a plan
This one is from the early times of Austria, during the crusades:
I'm sure that the judges are going to think along similar lines.
We can make a tri-stand and see which side has more customers
Only the two brothers of my granny actually fought in WW2
Today, in front of all government buildings of Linz, Austria...
It's now been pointed out several times that this seems to be a justified copyright claim
" / "That's plum to me
You can't change your name to that officially
Im pretty convinced that he is only successful because we don't want to repeat the last time when we ignored a wannabe artist with horrible opinions
Spain is both Western Europe and Southern Europe, one could call the country's position South-Western in Europe
I would figure the amount of people who won't visit the UK anymore for ideological reasons will be very small.
How have i never noticed that one even though I'm in linz pretty often
>CK2
Spanische Hofreitschule
Tons of people love the green party (I don't)
Muotio	FI
Ponchielli - Dance of the Hours
You assume your values are "better" than others, but this is simply not a valid statement.
(In other words, there are a few words that are used for the same object, depending on where in Austria or Germany you are, and of course, the other one is WRONG and they should start learning the proper word for it)
Vll ein bissl was von beidem
Its stupid, disparages the victims and is just plainly disgusting
I'll say the way we view our *military*.
Linz: Heavy industry, steel etc
Or if someone's wearing a hijab and the future roommate turns out to be someone who hates muslims
I know, that´s why I wrote it as I knew the Cloggies would get the joke in it
Not really - cause you do apply it to all people
> I didn't find any strong opinions from any party in Austria regarding nuclear fusion, what are you basing your statement on
I don't understand how anyone wants it to be dark earlier
Like those people saying "I speak Bosnian, Croatian, Serbian,..."?
Yes and no
The only thing that annoys me about most germans is that they think of Austria as little germany.
But in general you would use your drivers license to ID yourself
>And if diesel is more energy dense, why don't we mainly use that in cars
If you call someone saying “hey there is a problem here that can be solved like this, but in the end it’s up to you” jingoism well - then everything is jingoism as soon as someone dares to say anything that doesn’t fall in line with UK wishes
Have you ever seen that [ballot
He held some [good speeches of his own] though
Beggars with really weird body deformities
You could probably do stunts with that thing
5121, Austria
Frohe Weihnachten
Ich komme
"The major problem—*one* of the major problems, for there are several—one of the many major problems with governing people is that of whom you get to do it; or rather of who manages to get people to let them do it to them
It's unimaginable for me
People who put jam/nutella on whole grain bread vs people who put it only on white bread
Last time I went home at that time was when I was 15 and had to be home at a certain time.
We're still kinda figuring out what schedules works best, but so far I'd consider it a positive change
(Which is actually a bad thing because we have fewer opportunities to save on taxes)
I think that's good
Austria is eastern europe confirmed
But no, thanks
Yeah, their sacrifice deserves a lot of credit!
no, but if her father would have been a plumber we wouldn't have heard of the story.
But they didn't completely
Much like in F1, short term financial gains drive all decisions
Maybe an atomic fusion reactor
Calling those right-wing parties populist is kind of dangerous as people could get the feeling that they don't really mean it, which is not true
I'm from Vienna and learned it in school.
Chibi or Chiui
For example would Hungarians want a German speaking province like Burgenland back?
I never knew him personally, but there are tapes of him telling stories from the war
Doesn't make a difference whether it's north or south Tyrol
(Standard German word with a similar meaning \[minus the pimp\] would be 'Lausbube')
I personally cook and bake a lot
I am a big supporter of minority rights regardless and wouldn’t mind a regional economical self-governance for the area which is overwhelmingly Hungarian, if that’s really what they want for the territory they live on
Butter has nearly no lactose and you're not eating a big portion of it in one go, so it should be fine even for lactose intolerant people
Wouldn't drive the RV into Manhatten, though.
History is often more nuanced than people make it up to be, you know ...
An Siasn und a Essiggurkal
It's like they took German and removed the hard bits...
However we didnt encounter too many people further up and most of the italians looked more like tourists than hikers tbh, so i guess thats it
if you like driving you could check out the Großglockner Hochalpenstraße (high alpine street) in austria, its goes up to 2500m and you can enjoy great views.
How have 0% of english people not heard of Austria and Poland, and 2% don't know what Germany is
Putin won't do it because of chechenya
Franz, Erich, Johann, Walter, Karl
The UK isn't much into tectonic shifting, therefore they're not leaving Europe, they're *just* leaving the union (sad enough).
And with some rifles
Anyways, you probably need to prove your knowledge with an exam from an approved source.
BUT NOTHING ELSE
There are only the mail votes to count tomorrow and they won't be able to change the result
There is nothing nice in this city
I hope we would be allowed to use German.
**Slovakia:** also as a respresentative for many other countries further (south)east, a BIG *thank you* for taking care of our elderly
This is the average monthly salary including housing, transport, and other benefits
But alpine skis, not cross-country skis like you nordics
Wenn man in die Kataloge schaut sind beinahe alle Türen selbstsperrend
I feel personally attacked
I do miss a lot of reptiles here
It's now been pointed out several times that this seems to be a justified copyright claim
And since nobody else mentioned it, lets not forget the Order of Malta, as the only territory-less "country" that is still officially recognized by others
•South America
Certainly not using that
Controversial topics, eg
Outside the city: Anything with less than one to two hours driving necessary is close, anything above that is far
We do not have any active fossil fuel power plants and ~90% of our energy is produced with water
Think about how history would be different if the Romans won the battle and eventually subjugated Germania.
oh very cool, thank you :)
The country that took in the second most refugees per capita after sweden?
That would be a bit different indeed
But you just can't reason them out of their mania
It's not that nice of a city I think
Back in school (Austria, early 90ies) we used [this set] which officially is called "Ausgangsschrift" (base font; writing from which to progress on to your own style) for that very reason
Woher kommen Sie
The sad thing is, it's really only worth watching between around midnight and 5 a.m., where they go a lot easier on the propaganda and broadcast some pretty decent documentaries.
I'm quite sure that God wanted paper to be red
If your surname is "Hettegger" or "Prommegger" you are probably from the valley of "Großarl".
the ones who take the Frankfurt - Paris train
It is really shame that European conservatives think Putin is a good guy.
So the same we would do with south tyrol and italy
All of them except Nazi and Allied occupation I guess
Super spaßig
As for the much more uncommon poultry options, there's quail or gamebirds such as pheasant and partridge
Not European, but they hate Trump with a passion.
mies bruder
Need to maintain the safe space
(average of 7%-10% per year, depending on the index)
good enough if you just need emails fetched from somewhere
There are only two ways forward.
They also installed a ski lift in North Korea
Every person over the age of 14 is allowed to change their religion without the parents okay
[True, but it's a bit more nuanced than that, since there were even state officials that were openly gay and there wasn't a clear line until Stalin criminalized it again
Mlinar | NEOS | 405 | contra
I am shocked that Mailand is at the same latitude than Milano
oh very cool, thank you :)
And Jewish refugees have been turned away at the Swiss border, knowing that they will die in the Third Reich
They got explicitly forbidden after 1945 here.
It’s war, then
That's the hardest one in this thread for me hahaha
Edit: that makes me grantig
The time thing also overlaps with the card divide
I live near the KZ Mauthausen and wanted to go there, but because of Corona I didn't get the chance
The main army however, who heard the shots fired previously, assumed whatever was coming their way was a Turkish army, so they opened fire
Not a thing in Austrian German
Mustio	IT
Needless to say we were a little on edge about what awaited us on the other end
Because Austrians as a rule don't have a voiced s, and it's pretty hard to learn it and consistently and correctly use it
> Only UK and 1-2 other countries do it otherwise
Whats wrong with apain and turkey
However, in Romanian it means a cunning/sly person
The Käsekrainer was invented in Upper Austria in the 1960s/1970s. But the base sausage Krainer (i.e. without the cheese) is traditionally Slovenian (Krain = Slovenia)
I took a brief look at the tips for the first few courses from English-Spanish and if they were available in German-Spanish too I don't think there would be much missing
Netherlands and Denmark: your bicycle infrastructure is inspiring
That's common in the countryside
Berlin going strong as well
yes, in dialect you can make whole sentences with it (mostly due to the common dropping of "ch")
But yeah, the rest dont have those i dont think
Operation is still ongoing and all the special forces are being activated
Low german 80%
The Universal Declaration of Human Rights:
September 1788
It is hard to imagine that people actually live in this village
no need to go overboard koelkast :)
If you're not Catholic you don't have to be there
What are their views about topics like politics, morals, other beliefs and perspectives
Almdudler is already mentioned
There was one small extreme far right party (National Democrat Party
Red deitsch du wappla
So maybe something needs to change if we don't want this shit to keep happening.
> Are the houses built differently
Ferlach: Guns
Schuchnigg gave in, but Hitler gave the command to move in anyway
After that you have the first floor
If the other language has sounds that are not part of you first language you will probably never learn to speak them correctly
I hate how these businesses are trying to bully the EU into weakening regulations by blaming their shady behavior on them
So why is there no vote or something like that against it
Them getting huge fines is satisfying though
If you live in the countryside, yes, but a lot of people (most people
And yes i started to speak and learn dutch a year ago so now i could even apeak with then in dutch (at least to some degree)
At this point, the main problem is storage.
I'm so angry
There's a few letters that you change, just because you get sloppier or adapt because you can never read them
He basically covered the religious right of the GOP, being pro-life and whatnot.
I am reasonably sure the "proper" spelling for "ollwail" is "allweil" or "alleweil". Less common than "immer", but i am pretty sure it's a real word, like, in the dictionary and all
And old cashier women are typically way better with numbers than any of us young people
But that doesn't necessarily mean Vorarlberg is, or ever was, part of historic Switzerland.
Might motivate both sides more to take part in elections (increasing voter turnout) - the ones that are pro-populist right wingers to "prevent another disaster" and the progressive ones (or anti-populist right wingers) "since there still is hope out there".
Now what do we make out of that...
At some point of the evening somebody "kidnaps" your newly wed wife and you have to do a scavenger hunt through the are that normaly ends in paying a large bar tab somewhere for half the invited people at some local bar
not only period
i hear guilty whirlpool is really nice this time of year
Most are either "New York Jazz Club" in design or "Texas Cowboy Yeeehaaaa!", if you know what I mean.
We just got Austria/Austro-Hungary, then some 1st republic, then those nazi assholes, and then the 2nd republic
WOW what a reaction
And it always has, throughout all stages of history, even before humans emerged
Joke is on them, i live in a landlocked country
However i just remembered after reading another comment that the tramways in Vienna have little european flags on them in the first weeks of may in celebration of these days
This is Austria btw, other countries might differ.
Especially when they like John Paul II had serious problems like for example ignoring the child sexual abuse going on within the church
also, standing on the left side of escalators
Then y'all leave to Germany and we have suddenly a shortage of doctors.
Ah yes the town Jump not far away from the town bunny
Apparently it was already there for me because I'm self-employed.
In Austria the fastest and newest train is the Railjet, operated by the ÖBB (www.oebb.at).
Barely ever been to one, it‘s kind of on the same rank (or maybe even outranked
>*laughs in German*
Otherwise not really
Im a historian xD Also helps that I love France
Nah
And I'm not even sure if I should be that mad about it since that's going to cost his old far-right party some votes
First time the driver went off his line, second time she almost pressed me down into a ravine when I tried to overtake them (driving 30 where 100 was allowed) and she suddenly started driving in the middle of the road
ETA: In 1800, it was already 270
I always considered it slightly problematic for that reason, because it's denying the Czech people its own nation, or at least not caring that things have changed since then
8 trillion
The whole debate about "straws" being banned is just so fucking dumb
So you can't blame them for that
It's mostly used to refer to lower Austria, but can also mean "anywhere in Austria except Vienna".
i'm so glad people haven't forgotten beyond good and evil
When in Rome
Also, in Austria every unblemished adult person can own guns for self defence
Historically Cyprus used to be a British colony
Wish you all the best still
Both had rifles in their hand
I avoided it during school time since languages weren't and aren't my strenght but at the 6th grade we could choose between French, Italien, Latin as 3rd languages or more focus on science (which I've choosed).
One of my favourite words - Italianized "Knödel".
The only votes in there would be constant votes of non confidence against the new FPÖ govs members.
As an Austrian, I like that philosophy.
You don't need special permits for CC, but you won't get a regular permit that allows you to carry in public unless you have a very good reason.
but at the source, not to the state where the Institution is located of where they reside.
I guess most Romanians I've spoken to are also immigrants though, so that would make sense to take pride in one's origins in that case, but the same can't be said for my parents and people they've spoken to
Ich brauch Freiheit, ich geh auf Reisen
Yes of course
They knew that was insensitive, but found the arrest over the top
I wouldn't like cursive either if I thought *this* is what it was supposed to look like
But I could leave the hospital on the same day since it wasn't too big of a surgery and I felt well (despite beeing exhausted)
Ah okay
Its so malleable that it becomes meaningless
(The village has 300 people)
000 inhabitants
You only need hydro-power etc for peaks (daily and year over) and in order to get a nice average, but for the base load you can use renewables
Here in Austria the summer has been quite rainy and not very hot
I live in Vienna and what you often find here in the inner districts, seemingly completely random between the beautiful old buildings, are ugly newer ones
Roosevelt and Stalin were pretty great friends, as it happened
so you set military on the same level as criminals or what ?!
Edit: And if you chop up Palatschinken to make soup with them they are called Frittaten all of a sudden, and the soup is called Frittaten-Suppe
From personal experience, I'm mostly used to the Pacific Northwest (where I have family and spent a lot of time) but hearing other dialects, esp
Damn Germans with their stupid dubbing
Well, the Austrian high command started WWI, so injustice is a bit of a stretch.
That's because I am criticizing him, the person, and say that he shouldn't get any attention.
That's just what we remember when talking about Italy and WW1.
Oh, no wait
I always get everything mixed up when it comes to English and German
I thought of exactly the same picture
[... there are kangaroos in Austria]
Unterm Bauernberg
We don't have a "right wing gov".
I'm in Vienna and I hate Vienna too ;)
...and thinking we could actually fight amd win a Balkan war without it becoming a World War
You're not guaranteed a quiet hike, that's for sure
Is that really such a big thing in Czechia?
The last execution was 1950
That's fucked up
com und www
I mean you can hardly blame the first 3 for it and i garantie you that the city will burn if that happenes
It's funny that the official name of the German republic was Deutsches Reich.
You are 31 and it was not mandatroy in high school for you
As long as there is compulsory military service and conscription for everyone it might be something to consider.
I'm not seeing any better solution being proposed after removing Assad.
She's an artist, what do you expect.
The best tap water I ever had was somewhere in the Scottish highlands
They are made of debris from the ruins (cheap material found on the streets back then) and would sometimes have huge junks falling out
Once you know it, you can't unhear it
> Welcome to the Club
Plot twist: it was stolen and the thief forgot to turn off the camera.
Im not sure if that's the only reason, but it definitely contributes to the whole picture
We are more Slavic influenced than people might think
Pretty dumb)
Only the Emperors' intestines are buried there
You can criticize politicians for their decisions, you can't criticize the whole of the EU for decisions of a number of democratically elected politicians without also attacking the whole process by which they were chosen
**Vienna** (= german: Wien, Austrian dialect: Wean) is more complicated as there's two separate etymologies:
Something a bit more unknown would be great
Often ice cream on top of fruit salad
Said the person from a country where they put sugar into everything, including bread
Kind of - This graph actually **cannot be used to compare the performance of the individual funds**.
Malvasia
Oh no, I hope he is alright
Austria didn't exist from 1938-45, and was part of Germany, but many Austrians were high ranking Nazis
trödeln/herumtrödeln I  guess comes closest
I like that last Swede, we should name a price after him
You say 50 dollar too
It's almost ridiculous how we got away with claiming to get occupied
How dare you not allow google street view
I was super confused and at some point I told him straightaway to tell me where he is actually from - turned out he was from Chechnya and was ashamed about that
20% Emerging Markets sounds fine!
that depends on how much money you collect in the end
It's only great if you go skiing
We got you in our news almost daily and it's 90% about *The Donald*.
Don't block any exits staring at your map or your mobile phone
Not for domestic flights, chief.
That shit is a bit terrifying
I too love it
Not my native languages, but I thought I could add two interesting ones:
Why is it controversial; because of the cost
I remember once getting stuck in a one-way street because there was like more than 1m of snow infront of us
(of course I apologized and told him that this was a misunderstanding and tipped well afterwards)
At least in the large/capital cities.
Interesting that Germany imports way more from the EU than outside of the EU
Everything other than a complete humiliation is a win in my book
If not we're good ... I guess ;)
I think they took name and your NhS number thing and that was it.
A few years later they reformed it and now it looks even simpler, [like this]
The thing is - it’s not an arbitrary decision
What's up with shit like Liechtenstein, Andorra, San Marino etc
My in-laws don't refrigerate eggs, but keep them in a cooler pantry
Once Upon a Time Life is imho the most popular and is about the bodyduntions and has the several cells as personfied characters (like the white blood cells are "police starships" shooting at bacteria)
Can't remember seeing those when I was attending it.
However, the Nazi-leadership also got inpired by those riots, they were a main inspiration for the "Kristallnacht" in November later that year
It lasted 2 days or something
schorle has to be my least favourite german german word
It's partly in the history curiculum here
The *full proof* irony snatched me bald :D
from Germany or France to Italy or from Germany to the Adriatic Coast.
- many petty food elitism memes, like complaining about people who put sauce on their Schnitzel
Their supermarket concept in Austria was kind of stupid.
German being ethnicity
Pyrrhic victory means a win that was a loss
So if you need to know something quickly, wiktionary is where you wanna go
You can understand about every other word
> In 2008, [Karl Schwarzenberg] (Czech minister of foreign affairs) and [Jiri Grusa] who has acted as Czech ambassador and as director of the [Diplomatic Academy in Vienna] shared the opinion that Austrians and Czechs are of different language, but of "the same nation", the same character
If they do, why make saying scone harder than it needs to be, since there's just an s more at the start
And overall, sorry to say this, but around here the balkans have the stereotype of being quite poor and asocial ("shitty") people, and yes I know that‘s not true and a stupid stereotype but Austria definitely doesn‘t have that stereotype, if you mean this
My dad is an English teacher so he forced me to study my vocab and grammar every evening, read a lot of books with me etc
Doesn't sound too difficult though
It's tought to drive so you can stop within half the distance of your sight
küssen = bussln
Bottom of the list again...wait
As for my hometown of Timișoara, Romania, you have Iulius Town, City Business Center and ISHO as the most modern areas in the city
To give you a point of reference: there are loose plans to build a reactor that would be big enough to produce enough energy and that would be put on the grid by 2050.
Its just a trick some waiters pull on annoying tourists
I am in engineering and professors often tell us to get American literature, because many German professors just want to show off how intelligent they are and how long they can go on with a single sentence
The other great grandfather was sent to Ukraine
It is suspected that they could have served as mystic places, or maybe they were simply hideaways during times of war and pillageing
Wait, Matura is called Matura in Poland?
Comment so i don't forget to check for the ragecomment of a moravian that will come in a few hours
Girls in my School used to double every vowel and add a b in the middle to not be understood by us boys
PS: Latvia has easily the most attractive women I've ever seen
3 of the 4 things you named, culture, language and terrain only extend to the very southermost parts of germany and not further.
Nice username
etc
Saying "I am x" is not fine, because it will be understood as "I have x nationality".
Last-minute opera tickets are available at the ticket office *in* the opera house at the left side entrance (you'll have to wait in line on time), and are quite cheap, other concert tickets at official vendors, usually at the respective houses, NEVER in the street
Very, as long as your wallet makes it worth it.
Notable exceptions to US-style freedom of speech is that you can't distribute Nazi propaganda, wave swastika flags or deny the holocaust.
The ÖVP is christian-conservative, so there you go, but they are a center/center-right party and very far removed from the zealot ways of the US christian-right.
I blame FDR the most for this, since he was a very close friend of Stalin
Only found the statistics separately so:
Wait 5 years
It rained the hole week (yeah could have expected that one)
> How does it affect you and other residents
I do see the SocDem parties not turning a blind eye to intersectional problems really positively
> Die Presse
If you remember the beginning of the movie Gladiator, where Russel Crow's character goes north to a military camp to fight in a battle against Germanic tribes
It's really lovely
I didn't know about him, but I follow him now
We just start from 21
- An "Engländer" is a tool, which you would call a monkey wrench in English
It was also done with popes, except with the current one everybody agreed that "Papst Franz" sounds silly, so the media went with Fraziskus instead (which is half Latin half German)
That gives a whole new meaning to the [Pacific War]
Same here in Austria
Japanese: オーストリア＝ハンガリー帝国 (Ōsutoria-Hangarii teikoku)
Literally: If flys fly over flys, flys fly after flys
Not hugely, but there's at least one team in all the capitals of the Bundesländer and some more in larger towns.
"with Hungary, Poland, Austria outright refusing to do anything helpful."
That's better than the UK, Serbia and - Austria (1
Karl-Marx-Hof in Vienna is the longest (1
They're on that website you linked
The US needs Trump just so the democrats get their shit together.
Austria - Vo Mello Bis Ge Schoppornou by Hollstuonarmusigbigbandclub
(I think he means Austrian Styria)
That's the austrian variant, tho not a lot of people know these any more:
All of them are paid degree mills that finish with an MBA, but still, there's more than one would think
I actually thought that price per 100g was quite common for the region
Latest reports say one dead attacker, on dead civilist
I had the same experience in the US.
This happened **without** the official directive of the Nazi party, Austrians (Nazis, Anti-semites, thugs, regular people) did that all by themselves
In my valley alone there are hundreds of Aus
The internal cohesion of the SHS state suffered tremendously under the prevelance of a Serbia first mentality among a part of its population
Or it could be that all the smaller companies dream of becoming Bosch one day
There just isn‘t enough available land that housing is allowed to be built on, yet there is a ton of open farmland/pastures
No fish and game, which is just delicious
I loved The very hungry caterpillar
In the book it's just a name for a character
I always found the word for the balcony which connects several flats funny, but I forgot it...
On a more serious note, here's a nice article about [Margrethe Vestager] one of the EU's politicians that I think would just not be possible on a national level
* ß is a shortcut for sz
Schürze = Schiazn
Gift in German means Poison, in English it of course means „present“.
Same for the saturday morning fleemarket in that area.
Almdudler is already mentioned
> Much quicker and easy to use than a pizza wheel
It’s really like „the whole village raises the kids“. Seriously, Italy is awesome when it comes to this
But that's also due to Austria joining the EU only a few years before I finished school so most teachers were completly clueless about it
Aren't Netherlands really good
Actual whole roasted turkey is very rare
> A crown for aristocracy
That the super-thicc couscous right
Okay
Halloween themed parties were you have to go in costume or get some drinks free when in costume are common.
Fräulein, as direct translation from "Miss".
In Vienna you can get a 70-80 m² appartment for that money
If same-sex foster parents can't adopt their kids you are denying the kids the safety of a "real" family.
We obviously get an intense education on WW2 in school, but to be honest, first time I heard about Pearl Harbor is when the movie came out.
The main reason for this is, that the struggle after two lost wars left a ...
> near innsbruck
Trip to school was about 1h.
the list goes on
when the NSA spies on people from other countries they usually don't give them citizenship and free money
One nation who came together with 3 others to form kind of an...
That's why I prefer EU regulations over EU directives
It's coarse and it's rough and it gets everywhere
But people should have gone to jail, anti-corruption should have been made agenda #1, etc
Just like Hungarians probably have heard of Eisenstadt but our other neighbours haven't
And what is Salzburg part of today
What we getting taught in school: *Doppelmonarchie Österreich-Ungarn*
So, yes, the European comission has the power to create laws that are immidiatly valid in each nation
There's a reason it's Baby Jesus
your dirty hands off my beautiful blue hemicycle
While I do agree with that, he still was a failed artist while in Austria and in Germany he was a politician
>allerdings ist ein Schnitzel mit Champignonrahmsoße und Fritten auch geil
That *is* a lot of consonants
Funnily Austria has a huge percentage of donations to NGOs by individual people when compared to other European countries
It all started with a dispute over Schnaps
Leon's/Lion's Stone), [there's no lions there]
Well /r/de is for Austria, CH and Germany.
President of the European Council isn't a position were someone could "lead" much.
It's one of the best European projects ever.
However later social insurance was tacked on to it and now it's just annoying.
First NATO then EU
Instant declaration of war
Now it’s “hey you can’t do that - the UK is a member state, so free movement of goods and so on ...” but then ?
Wow, so far I have had exactly 1online lesson
Maybe he really sucks at that ?
Please correct me if I‘m wrong
Except perhaps Ukraine, where I know for a fact, there has been a least two fist-fights involving more than 3 MP's in the last 10 years
100%. anything else sounds very very wrong down here
Both are iconic images
> and neither are Austrians
and its gonna be one hell of a step!
I have never felt lonely whatsoever
They make way more money than hard working people here.
r/europeporn
Obviously it differs from country to country.
We hate the Chinese
Its important that all war crimes get puplished, not only those who you dislike
This
000(!) Euros for someone to establish a ring of protection around the hospital to protect it from "Bad Energy". Yep high government officials regularly pay for esoteric things with public money
>I don't think it's assault rifles, it's smg's.
You'd get a glass from the tap.
Exactly
It also costed like 225 Million too much
Interesting, we say prosit only to wish a good new year "[Prosit Neujahr]"
Much luck to you, hope everything works out
Both of our countries are part of the EU already, that's enough
Source
exceptions might be made for busy train stations or areas frequented by lots of homeless folks or junkies
Lots of forest (=wald), nots of people
This myth was constructed by Exiles to get support for an independent Austria after the war ends
And therefore I don't know anybody who thinks cooking is an important and basic life skill
Dumplings filled with mashed potatoes, spices, garlic and chive, cooked and then served with grated cheese and melted butter
One of my favourite words - Italianized "Knödel".
Interestingly the same can be said about Trump, but still the smart Hillary voters somehow are way poorer than the stupid Trump supporters.
And yeah, there isn't any good German word for "not sweet". Take that, people who say German has a word for everything ;)
Sure, let's chuck out 3,000 years of cultural achievements because pressing those buttons is so comfy yo
[I really prefer a bit of color]
while having carpet floors
The english flag looks too close to scandinavian flags.
Plantation agriculture on good soil in mild climate has historically been a very profitable business
Why the hell would you not salt it
He and his party just nuked the government coalition
E.g. I just looked up lots of stuff on wikipedia when I was a teen, but maybe I just was really dorky
A friend of mine, who is a lower secondary grade teacher, once told me an interesting anecdote about a conversation between to ~12 year old students of her that went something like this:
What are the maltese authorities gonna do
TIL and TIL for both of these
I wonder how much damage the Netherlands have done to other EU member states with their tax avoidance schemes
They can't adopt children together.
I was born and raised 5km from the Czech/Polish border (I'm Polish) and we made trips to Ostrava every other weekend to do some window-shopping
Not really untouched but there are some places where you will not see a dingle human for miles
> Some people would use the word Pfannkuchen for a Berliner
Also countries that have sharia
As if any upper class Dutch person wouldn't at least a passable amount of English
Believing roman-catholic, daily prayer, daily bible reading
Was ich mich noch erinnern kann (wahrscheinlich manche falsch geschrieben)
>Hereitkuchen
Banks don't give interest and you are not allowed to invest hat money.
Why do you think you can't regulate it?
How do you even survive
Young men around 19 years are the most problematic group of potential drunk drivers and that's the age where most get their cars (after military when you start to work).
I have only been there 3 times but I am somewhat familiar with things like very basic language, the food or Islam
Sorry you had to experience that
I really don't like that kind of Deutschrap but if you like it I won't judge you
There are talks about bringing one game to Berlin in the future, like the games in London and Mexico City.
Sure, it sucks for her to be dependant on others driving her and using public transport but she would have killed herself or someone else in traffic at some point
I think it needs an existing "structure" in order to allow individual figures to take over
This is not about "evil China" (and even less about average Chinese corporations) but how Blizzard makes themselves a lackey of their political agenda
Eidt: I've actually misread something, Pardon me
I've never met any of my grandfathers because they both died when my parents were children.
The lowest two Lego sets I found on the offical Lego website are about 79,99€ (a Fiat-car-thingy / I‘m no good with cars, it was just a car and I think it was labeled as a Fiat >.<), and a Jungle Rescue Mission thingy for the same price
True, didn't think about good ol' Yacht
After Rome and Lignano, they might remember Pisa or Bologna or Naples
Naturally there's less need of speaking loudly
If for example you separated by tectonic plates, Eurasia would be one but India is a separate one
-**easy access to wooded areas (forest etc)
Can confirm, hate Germany for no reason too
There is also a ton of people who don't fully agree with any party
The source of the disagreement is well hidden here:
Except for half a dozen and a dozen, those are ok
For what is kinda unknown, but his name, along with often his birth place, Krieglach, is known
Externalising the countries own collaboration or communist movement and faulting "Russia" as the single responsible historical actor
PS: tastes ... sweet and strongly of wood resin mainly
usually the candiadate for the Chancerllory is the Spitzenkandidat for his/her party and thus, at least initially, a MP
Okay yea sorry for the oversimplification, I'm from lower Austria so I tend to wear Tracht on those days you mentioned as well, but tbh I only see my generation putting on a Dirndl when it comes to these October fest events, where you're more attention-grabbing if you don't wear Tracht
But if I go to any other country without a shooting tradition and/or universal millitary service, I'm actually scared of people wearing guns, even when it's the police
The entire link tax just won't work out as expected
Don‘t tell me it‘s only to prevent the Germans from occupying it
I generally want people from Vorarlberg to understand me too, and vis versa for example
All land is owned by *somebody* here, but in return we get to enter the uninhabited parts that are used for agriculture/forestry, as long as we don't damage anything
Yes, polack is (as far as I can tell) offensive.
I always thought Linz was a soulless city with nothing but industry and the main shopping street which is compared to salzburg or innsbruck quite unimpressive
Only if any of them have content filters according to EU guidelines
And again, the EU is the larger bloc
Most of the countries in Europe give much more to their state television annually, they just don't get bad press for it (instead they get bad press if they want to spend less on government propaganda)
&#x200B;
Croatia bemused
If you are so certain that the majority doesnt want independece, let them vote
You're missing the DOM-ROM
Same here
AFAIK, it is related with "Guten Morgen", but actually with the "Guten" part, not the "Morgen".
This is believed to be a remnant of ancient Celtic, Germanic and other Pagan traditions.
Why is she so hated by Scotsmen
Exactly my thoughts
You do find that many people are more conservative but that being said I know many stereotypically conservative types (country folk) who are liberal, cannabis smokers, and describe themselves as anarchists.
Never change a running system is the unofficial slogan of Austria
I'm told the sound of music is a crappy depiction of Austria, but I haven't seen it
In the fridge, both in stores and at home
> Hau dich ueber die Haeuser
Austriatt (Austritt -> exit/discharge/leaving)
Actually there is no dialect continuum between German and Danish.
E.g.
Ireland is really bad as well :/
The nicholas gives a small speech and then children say poems they rehearsed
Usually I can immediately say: Oh yes..
I think most people are grateful about that ;)
Its just plain wrong
Quadrillion = 10^24  = 1 000 000 000 000 000 000 000 000
There are about 20 tickets for that price, when they are gone, there will be some slightly cheaper-than-normal ones, and then the only the normal priced ones.
Vienna for the provinces
de (JnRs and straight PvP mainly), uwmc
They even have this weird white clown with the black mask and the guitar sitting on a counter
playing sounds of loudly flushing actually to mask for he sound of farts and actual shitting
Sauerkraut was a big part of my grandmothers food
Padva	FI
[Here's what it looked like (it's the one where it say Brits and Americans]
> I nominate Switzerland
German language in Wallonia, Spa-Francochamps, cute villages that seem to be built with Lego City blocks
This is an emergency
Austria
I only have to look into a history book for that!
Externalising the countries own collaboration or communist movement and faulting "Russia" as the single responsible historical actor
Maybe stocking, though not really that either as far as I can tell
How precise do you need to know the air temperatur if you are not a scientist?
Well, yes
He ended up being captured and imprisoned, and was released for a hefty payment of 6000 buckets of silver
Ah, okay, thats pretty weird - youre right
we had an habsburg monarch as the leader of spain, the royals from gb, prussia, france and russia were related to austrias emporer
I can somewhat communicate there though
Thanks :)
But he also smuggled other things that were legal but hard to get, like nylon tights, or random stuff, like alarmclocks
let's give it a really abstract and pseudo-philosophical ending": [Der Unfisch] [Hinterholz 8] [Poppitz] [Indien] [Die drei Herren] also they're usually morbid, and showing underdogs having nonsensical conversations, love it.
What the fuck
So glad they mostly banned religious slaughter without sedation where I am from, I mean, how can personal religious freedom even extend so far outside of your personal space, like slaughter of animals for example?
:D Even their beer
It was not the biggest Empire ever, far from it actually, many others also expanded(duh!) and also rarely receded(what do you actually mean by that anyway?
And the classrooms get locked afterschool, so I just took the stuff I needed to study home with me
They just (currently) can't do it
Sure, but he is also right then, just pointing it out ;)
The crazy thing is that I study 40 mins away from the border
Is the US even old enough to drink beer yet
But I actually like the EU
-10° seems ok-cold to me, everything below isn‘t really for me
&#x200B;
And there's something similar to the Reichsbürger, but in Austria it's not common at all
Bündnistreue (loyalty to an alliance) is very important where I am from.
Facebook is really popular in Austria.
Regarding wars: I don't have a complete list, but we fought several wars against Bavaria also
2020 lets get it done
doesn't the eu have consumer protection that you can involve?
As if that 800-inhabitants-town hadn't way too much tourism anyway
Always has been
Yeah that’s fitting
At least in Austria we are also saying "those are bohemian villages to me".
You can only call others nazi so many times before it becomes second nature.
On top of that pronunciation and spelling are nothing less than a mess
* Richard Lugner, TV-personality and millionaire who was running as independent
There can be no power greater anywhere beneath the sun;
Around 13/14 or so each of us decided we were grown and wanted to sit at the adults' table, only to quickly regret as we grew bored
e.g. Aal (eel), Aas (carrion) or Paar (pair)
Disgusting
Shouldn't trust, it's better to ask locals outside the hotel
Austrian here, totally grew up with Asterix and Obelix
I'm surprised
Wasn't this story disproven
Almost all of Norway consists of North
I began at around age 13, mostly beginning in video games
That doesn't mean I love the way in which Austria governs itself or that I necessarily think it needs to be 100% independent.
I knew someone would suggest sudern
The alternative would be no free trade with nations that are considered less developed.
Interestingly, we also have Kauderwelsch in German
Let's start with ZKW, they produce LED and matrix lighting, especially for BMW for example
machste nix
Probably only well known in Germany and Switzerland back in the days
I've never heard of chlorine or uv desinfection failing in Austria
I think Spanish, Mandarin, Cantonese, Arabic, French, Portuguese, Hindustani, and maybe Swahili are roughly on a similar level regarding usefulness
Since most of the goods and services a EU citizen consumes are sourced in the Eu on one hand and since all EU economies are export economies this is not a bad thing.
99, you pay 2
Summer time is so much better for me, it's ridiculous how much of a difference it makes
Ambulance (correct translation: Rettungswagen)
I barely play any european country if it aint given, but if I have to Germany or France, if the countries have stats (like eg health or battle tactics) I’ll go with the better one
Also foreign titles are allowed, when I'm not mistaking
Chill
Sobieski isnt that important for that
Where I live the bus drivers will close the doors if they think you take too long (aka you are like a few meters away).
Braunschlag (2012 tv show)
We remove those because they aren't questions, but rather loaded statements.
If you read the article, they think that it were illegal immigrants, who used those barrels to travel from GER to UK, not some kind of systematic, idk, pantsching?
If I speak the language, I'll use the language specific names for a country.
"Weil ohne Faschismus wären wir ja gleich von den Nazis überrannt worden, oder wir wären unter den Roten eine Sowjetrepublik geworden
Well in my last job I went to lunch every day, so make that 10€ per day for that alone (so about 200+€ per month)
1 	pinch salt
Here is the link to qwant ([ for those reading the comment and also wanting to try it out ;)
People here go to threads like this to rile each other up
Yeah, frustration is even too strong a word.
I obviously posted this map about Australia in r/europe ;D
Thanks to Czechia for delicious beer and having a great captial city to visit
Of course ️
Most people just blame fate
Are apricot (or other fruit) dumplings a thing outside of Austria
I've tried
I'd travel between my houses in Oregon, Socal, Florida, and my apartment on the Upper East Side.
I find it fair that places 1-3 are only awarded to countries performing at "very good", if noone fulfills the qualia for a very good then the places 1-3 can't be given out.
you forgot the coffee ;))
Yeah, it's Miraculix' sicle, crazy!
guess what, it was for free
Such a great and relevant answer
Yes, it's magic fantasy money that everyone pays to the EU and which multiplies after salaries of politicians and their entourage and pointless travels between Brussels and Strasbourg are deducted and every country gets so much more than it paid as a result
Well, it was mostly salmon, potatoes, parsnips and chicken
Very similar
Also the road isn't unsealed for the most part
A few weeks ago, he claimed that there were no muslimic nurses
> Articles must deal explicitly with US politics
At first I thought it was a specific city where people were so ridiculously friendly, bzt then I realized that no, it's actually us, we are the outlier
Romana = best Pizza
grandma's [Paprikahendl] with [Semmelknödel]
Now that I think about it it must be a similar same case for Vienna (and probably many other cities on the map as well).
is this really a thing, that people believe the nazis didn't run the camps?
Some of the kids speak Arabic and Basque, but barely Spanish, which is funny
Same with locations like Ibiza and Bali, that are whole islands
In WW1 it was allowed again
Did they purposefully kill those children
There was a research that these filters often worsen the quality since the filters are not set up properly or not maintained regularly
To those who don't know: they are an acapella (drums are usually the only instrument) with a bunch of original songs as well as great covers of classics
That’s sweet of you
>"Rachel that's not a toaster
* It is a good opportunity to attempt unite the politically divided Turkish people
Wait, are you serious
That might have to do with the fact that you think every Venitian looking building there was built during your short reign, which is not even remotely true.
secular society means separation of church and state.
There was a huge outcry at the new translation of A song if Ice and Fire ten years ago
I think this doesn't apply to me I wouldn't do that
I' good with Dreibier
Germans tweeting in English seems to be unthinkable.
This man has kept a cool mind and much needed composure while all this was going on
The use of Steyr sniper rifles by Turkish forces was the instigating factor for this ban.
He was an orphan and volunteered for the paratroopers (Fallschirmjäger) in 1940, when he was 17 years old
The first military operation in both World Wars got commanded by an Austrian born guy
Yet another channel will show FIVE episodes of Criminal Minds in one go this evening, followed by repeats, which means TEN HOURS of Criminal Minds
"Europe is utopia so let's walk there"?
I wouldnt really say that its just the viennese
Do the polish people really find the Palace of Culture and Science ugly or is it's connection to the USSR which makes everyone hates it?
It doesn't matter where the people come from, as long as they're eligible to vote, their vote should count as much as everyone else's. The people of New York or California are not a monolith, just because they have bigger numbers doesn't mean they should handicapped in comparison to other states
thank you for doing so
Just recently discovered him, and he is Austrias most subscribed channel afaik
Dude, please stop with all those stupid questions.
Well then ... nobody is stopping them from going home to their beloved Führer
As far as I've heard, Tyrol is also a bit more hardcore sometimes.
Austria
I haven't heard anything about "large scale shootings" in Sweden, care to share a source
ahhh, da old country
They use the numbers of how much value per capita is produced and not how much people earn.
I wish it wasn't necessary though
Other than that one no city really comes to my mind that is unknown by tourists
The Irish question affects the whole of the EU though
I also really like places like Kufstein, Wörgl and many thermal baths in Styria
Seems like there was a lot of roman influence in addition to Germanic/Celtic
After all, he saved hundreds of thousands from death and rape
No, but extremists are a lot more likely to drop hints when talking with people with a similar background.
>Haven't you heard this
I suppose because we tend to think of them as being very densely populated
It's kind of exhausting because nobody talks about the great music but instead of his nationality even though this concept didn't even really exist back then.
Conquering each other's territory just brings you closer together, doesn't it?
For many Austrians, the former Eastern European countries are popular cheap shopping or day-trip destinations.
Yep, sounds like something the British would do.
shouldnt the most googled country be the country itself
Can't really think of anything small that was blown out of proportion
* Name including title
There is also the Business Academies also common
[Papanași] Some kind of deepfried doughnuts with sweet, fresh cow cheese inside
recommend 10/10
What I've noticed is that the more reserved a country generally is, the more ballistic people go when drunk
000 inhabitants
it sounds like a polandball script
And the Swiss only border an Austrian region which is very similar to Switzerland so they don't even border the real Austria.
They are not individually persecuted.
The boiling alive is a massive fuckup by the worker and should never happen.
Bernie Sanders would fit in sorta well with the Social Democrats in Austria, and they're centre-left
Seems like he/they attacked a Synagogue
I don't really know anything special about the occupation
It funny because the opposite is true in the west (in the mountains)
I was saying I doubt police work or refugee management are the determining factor
In Prague, Vienna and Budapest you'd literally park it in the outskirts of the city, not use it for 3 days and then return to it just to go to the next city.
Gut, dass du fragst
trödeln/herumtrödeln I  guess comes closest
wow
It was renamed to Fugging because people stole the Fucking- road signs all the time
And that left a mark on austrians
As a mathematician: There has to be at least one fixed point
I haven't visited the Balkans for some years, but damn looks like half of the countries are below sea level now
Yeah, all the german speaking people who care about cusine migrated either to bavaria or austria.^^
Kaslewakas mit Mayonäs, *des* is da Hit
Same with the flag, but people chose their favourite myth in that regard
Over the whole population, not too popular
Exchange students mostly chose Public International Law related electives, which I didn't do myself.
Yeah but why use multiple words to describe one thing.
That's just normal
Really
We prefer to call it the empire thank you very much.
That’s what Jan would say
Tax cut for the rich, repeal Obamacare, increase the debt, etc.
>"eine Exrawurst kriegen" (to get an extra sausage)
Even worse that a chair is стол, it always makes me think for a second
I can tell British and American apart (most of the time), but even through all the english media I consum with the internet I couldn't really tell apart someone from Texas from someone from New York or so (if they are not standing next to each other and going full cliche - I might recognize "Cowboy")
Hans Solo sounds like an the name of an Austrian Schlager musician
Crying because they're not in the EU and therefore exempt from deletion
In Austria  it's "Ministry of defense" (Bundesministerium für Landesverteidigung)
There are pushes for it here and there, although small
Thats like the angriest juice bar ever.
Most people speak at least English here but I’ve never actually heard of someone speaking in a different language so that their child doesn’t understand
Also, the city borders of Vienna are markers as well: people don't greet each other inside the city (yes, we have hills and nature inside our capital), but do greet as soon as you are outside the city limits
New jobs will be created and overal level of prosperity and weath will increase.
Depends: alive or dead
Resigned because of health reasons (burn out) and because he received numerous death threats
I like the ÖBB app for train travel
Out of curiocity, are those towns close to each other
It was amazing
"Sinn machen" is perfectly fine in Austrian German at least
Also, it's nice to be able transport larger items without a hassle or to rent an Ikea truck to move homes
Grauslig
Have a nice day and goodbye
na kenns nur von meinem Tiroler Arbeitskollegen (IBK Umgebung) + oi, aui - kann sein das er sich das "amoi" auch bei uns angeeignet hat, das sag ich (NÖ) schon immer.
Last summer I saw a very old campervan with Irish plates stop in a back street in a tiny village in Burgenland and to this day I have no clue why
But Belgium is such densely settled country, I thought that was kinda surprising
Well, the law apparently worked until 2011.
Altough this is changing again.
I'm sure some breweries something like this, but it's not a broad tradition
The Austrian ones are a mess and they could actually safe some money by just giving them all a consistent design.
Sure, there are differences in taste depending on brand, but while I like some less than others, I've never met a Leberkäse I didn't want to eat
Completely off topic, but i got hungry by just reading about debreziner sausage and szegediner goulash
We had a cooking class in primary school
or nothing happens once there has been one and government said it would act on the outcome but instead everyone just sort of twiddles their thumbs.
Visiting relatives right now in Turkey for New Year's.
Can you tell us more about your situation?
You brought us Lotus cars and Monty Python
puh
I'm from Austria
It's only appropriate that Loose Bottom be in the Brighton area
It should be legalized but controlled - i.e. only sold above 18 and in specialized stores
would like to bring it if I could, or travel to places where it exists anyway
But politics completely aside, Strache and Kurz are much more intelligent than Trump
But they voted for him only to get rid of Trump, not for his own merits, so they won't feel responsible
But there isn't really a movement
Indifferent; very rarely amused by their government structure (dukes and princes) and/or annoyed by the fact that they're all fucking tax havens
Vasto	FI
All for fighting communism, eh
i mean this is mostly about tourists, but i have to rant about my fellow countrymen too - i think austrians wouldnt be able to form an ordely queue even if their life depends on it, i never saw a queue here where not some selfentitled pricks were skipping because the whole world just waits for them..
Even as an Austrian, his Styrian accent is quite amusing
What do the movies misportray about your country
In the first round there were 6 candidates:
I also have some friends living close to me, who I can meet
So less of a genetic link to modern day greeks but more of the modern day Turks being descendentd of a population in a largely culturally "greek" (read culturally, religiously and also linguistically influenced) multiethnic empire
We were six students in my whole year in this class and one of I believe only 10-or-so schools in all of Austria that offered it
best things I ever ate when in greece
also Nigeria
Second then
even in old cities there's newly built up areas and new buildings, but if you buy or rent an apartment in one of the old buildings (typically from the 1800s), you normally know what you're getting: possibly hard to heat and shoddy plumbing/heating system/windows installed, unless it's been completely renovated
I would say traditional music bands often have a Hammered dulcimer and a Zither
Don't know which places you've been to but the ones I'm talking about serve platters for 5 or 6 euros which i wouldn't be able to down a shot afterwards for fear of exploding
"Sranje"
Post this to /r/Dataisugly
I would say the peak of the animosity was during the third Gulf war, most people found that very stupid and the never found WMD fueled this.
The national library has changing exibitions, visit that only if the exibition is interesting to you, the cafeteria of the library is always a good stop for lunch though (entrence from Burggarten).
Even writing this hurts my family jewels
That's me
But to my understanding both "rihi" (ahd) and "richi" (mhd) can mean both
Maybe somebody else can help out
If you find a job abroad they might be able to help you move too
Honestly I loved Paris, but that's probably because I had no expectations
8 per 100
But I wouldn´t want to have an encounter with a wild boar in the forest
>The most iconic would be, in my opinion, the guy who travels around and eats stuff, Jumbo Schreiner
I wish you loot and stable connect, comrade)
43% are the most people
I got a Spanish speaking operator and a translator on the line, which wasn’t bad
Three words:
I get a phone for personal use from work (it's not declared as a work phone but as a goody and I can choose to pick up or not and can't be forced to carry it with me) and working for an ISP and phone company there's no limits regarding voice/data use in Austria and quite generous limits in Europe + I can use 2 complementary products (the portfolio includes Spotify Premium, mobile TV, newspaper epaper, movie theatre rebates, 200mins of telephony in a country of my choice and a couple more) for free
Most of Austrias exports come from here
Don't know about his other robberies, but in his last one he robbed an individual.
A famous example for how Viennese German dialect/slang has been changing over the recent decades (due to the influence of immigrants from Slavic countries and Turkey) is "Gehen wir zum BILLA" (Let's go to the supermarket) turning into "Gehen wir BILLA" (Let us go supermarket)
And since I am so grateful that my friend helped me, I will of course help him whenever I can
[In reading up about it I learnt] something new about the relationships between the Southern Slavic languages which was terribly interesting, though
And sometimes when I say for example 'try' it sounds like 'dry'.
They had to land in Austria because they ran out of fuel and France, Italy and Spain denied Morales' plane to access their air space because they suspected Snowden was on board.
More recently, Wanda have been consistent with their good music
Te imaginas Colacao con Cabrales
Also, drunk and stupid added together, always guarantees a good outcome
The Slovenes are a recongnized minority in Austria.
I know a guy who needs a train ticket back home for about 10 years+ now
In 2005 (just looked it up :))
That Beethoven was austrian
Because there is no chance in hell that the Social Democrats in a democratic system would agree with the German demands
Das waren nur wir
I'd love to go back again once the pandemic is over
The current Austrian president Alexander van der Bellen was born 1944 in vienna, but he was Estonian citizen until 1958
Although I have to thank "Funiculi, funicula" for actually understanding what the Italian tourists want when they ask me for the way to the funicolare around here
works best for newspaper articles and the like, they're so good it's kinda scary
Also this response makes no sense for a German speaker
Why make the effort to get to Switzerland
But in case where a sudden irrational policy change like Brexit happens you can't leave companies a lone without serious risk to your national economy.
It could be more challenging for non German natives or for Germans the further north you come
Towards the cities it tends to blend into some sort of standard German, but in the countryside the accents are often quite thick
Das finstere Tal (The Dark Valley) - A really good western that takes place in the Austrian alps
Budapest - Vienna costs around 40€ via train, Vienna - Prague around 60.
At that point nobody will want to become a citizen any more
But that must have been from the late 70s (i.e. was already old when I was a child in the 90s)
That cant be the reason,
Wenn ich Griechisch lesen wollen würde, würde ich ja wohl in einen griechischen Subreddit gehen
I don't even know where i could buy such an insult of a beer in austria
Netherlands and Denmark: your bicycle infrastructure is inspiring
I love your language but everytime I see a polish text I have the urge to send you a gift basket with some more vowels
We have a subject called "History and politics" but the politics part has been completely ignored
Much lower now
Very nice
Its actualy very easy to get a gun here
* Habsburg family
Things like Oil, moose, an old, not really livable house or smth and other stuff are kinda weird to pronounce for people who only know German (/Standard german)
The hallow of the white hazel, the rapid whirlpool, the chruch of St
I wasn't suggesting any stereotype.
Only on the national holidays, it's usually the municipals which decorate the streets and public buildings with it
That's probably not a problem anymore.
De ersten kannst ignorieren
Then drive over the border to Slovenia for cheaper cigarettes/etc
If I'm not mistaken, we *do* deport to Iraq.
Personally i think it is the internet.
Disney Princess**** is an [actual franchise] after all, which is why Moana and Pocahontas get to be princesses even though they're not royalty, and why Elsa from *Frozen* actually isn't a Disney princess despite being a princess and in a Disney movie
It's all Brät - ground meat, but the texture depends on how fine or coarse it's ground and also how fatty/lean the meat is
It eighter comes from the wealth and privilege of the clergy in pre revolutionary France, or from the lack of influence the catholic church had after the revolution, meaning that in France God has now retired and can lean back and enjoy his life
> Sneakers
There are multiple reasons to vote strategic
It doesn't take much to do these kinds of attacks
Younger Austrians are usually more adapted to standard German through media and it is more enforced in schools nowadays
Usually I rent a trailer
In a presidental election in Austria you don't vote for a party, but for a single person who will then have to stop all their work in the party they belonged to and take on a nonpartisan position.
> but reading the whole thing in middle high German would probably be a bit much for a seventh grader
* toll (toll = great)
5mbit was ADSL1 in the late 90s (Perth)
If you were to include this one you would have to include all of them (e.g. Bosnia, Kosovo, Mali, Lebanon, etc
It means taming nature to stop the winter and start spring
JuSt ShIfT gEaR lol
How bourgeois
There's Perfekt (I have gone), Präteritum (I went) and Plusquamperfekt (I had gone)
Depends on the company
But I probably remember this incorrectly.
We usually rapelled down, took a dive and climbed back up.
Danke für die Information
Why should you earn more then a worker with decades of experience
It does a pretty great job mimicking the condescending tone many of the real documentaries can't seem to avoid
Have the 6T and it Works like a charm
I partly agree with that, personally I think just politically now is kind of better than the rest of our history, because we‘re finally independent and neutral
> When an Austrian says Schnitzel it's breaded
Turks
Born in the USA is a song that critiques the US
Let's not forget the magic that is Lordi
Also pretty sure your southern states would not really appreciate that, because they got fuck-all to do with the nordic countries
I always get reminded of that fact when I visit Prague
"Scho recht
And unfortunately mainly act by this ONE book
>Similarly some countries stop allowing their citizens to vote if they live abroad for too long
Most german / austrian memes are rather bad
Lots
There was a transition period for years where both forms were correct even in exams, so the switch wasn't hard on people.
If the vote to freeze talks doesn't pass, Austria will exercise their right to veto.
No one speaks it here, but we easily understand it when reading (just kidding)
Heidensterz for soup is on of the last still cooked dishes
That's 'Hand me ruler please
not quiet in the same genre, but I want to add "Zucchero" to the famous Italian singers here
Then we have Peak Technology, they are currently creating a heat resisting shielding for the European space agency, in the past they also worked with NASA
Nah, it's good bro
* Nationality
Also some rural areas are quite wealthy due to tourism
Unless if you're from Vorarlberg, I'd be surprised if they don't understand you
Of course there isn't an all-encompassing dialect for all of Austria, however, all of Austria except for Vorarlberg and parts of Tyrol talk in a Bavarian dialect.
World Museum
> For private calls in Austria most people answer the phone by saying their family name
-people who buy tech stuff for the looks
by public transport, by foot (+skateboard :P) or by bike.
I can't think of many jobs more pathetic than being member of an army to be honest.
During communist times people didn‘t really bother with religion, but many kept their religious customs anyways because the Yugoslav government wasn‘t so hard crushing on religion as the eastern block (remember, Yugoslavia was not under the „control“ of the Soviet Union - the army was always prepared for an invasion, be it from the west or the east)
Well, google maps proposes the boat.
That's what I'm saying, so the settlement is likely older than that
I’m from the south of Austria and i didn’t understand a word of anything when a Swiss person talks to me in Swiss German
Charle's Church ... but the weirdest are probably the massive [Flak Towers] in Vienna
I don't know much about podcasts, but the English media outlet of the German public broadcaster is [DW] Check out the site.
(And yes, i know that I am collecting downvotes with my opinion, but I don't care - something is wrong here with the People's ability to question the narrative)
Dear Germans: Putting any kind of sauce on a crackling, crunchy Wiener Schnitzel is an abomination and should (and maybe even will) get you kicked out of a restaurant in Vienna
>HoI
Also, the connection Vienna-Triest
> public exams, university exams,
It could always be worse
Idiocy knows no borders, also there is a difference between sharing values and exercising them.
* [Admont Abbey (Stift Admont)] - Fun Fact by Wikipedia: _Admont Abbey contains the largest monastic library in the world as well as a long-established scientific collection
Noice
Also it's not only incredibly unfunny and unoriginal, but also incredibly illegal
It's very popular with foreign students, which we get a lot of
Just talked about Jämtlandstriangeln with someone yesterday ;) but I get your point, Lappland is definitely internationally known
It's only great if you go skiing
We arrived in Da Lat, probably the 2nd or 3rd sentence the guy who picked us up from the bus stop dropped was "There are a lot of Chinese tourists here, I don't know why they come here
Sure, but it also gets annoying when you downplay the shit they actually do, yet point out you hate them.
I don't ski or do any other winter sports, and I don't go hiking
So why is Austria almost always missing from these lists
Miguel Ángel Revilla told me so at least
Bavara a gdp of 600 billion and BaWü of 500 billion
However, you would have to pay yourself for braces, etc.
Don't think they ever had a majority but the name Graz does come from Slovene origins.
[this is our president last summer]
The interesting thing is that basically every slavic language got their names "germanized" differently
Read my comment about the intended learning process [a bit further up] some people are stricter in sticking to what they've been given, others deviate more – it's all fine and part of properly learning cursive
> Welcome to the Club
Should be a naval cannon operated by monkeys
Does it start at a "you have to bribe that policeman or that small government official" level or is it more of a "the ones on the top will split things up among themselves".
On the day of the event, however, the cook was sick and so the tricky task of conjuring up “the dessert of the evening” fell on the 16-year-old apprentice chef Franz Sacher
9th-13th century: HRE Prince
Can only speak for myself and no, I don't think the US contributed little.
visit my house, take your shoes off dammit
I kinda miss Austria, just having an existential crisis in the middle of it all
Say the elevator is full for example, you can say „Das geht sich nicht mehr aus, I’ll take the stairs
Yes it's pretty common and expected to shake hands when you meet
Always sad to see "hurr durr Iran, sand and terrorists" comments
For some reason it's way less threatening if you know the person is occupied/minding their own business/not being sneaky
The willingness to give a hitch-hiker a ride severely dropped with the refugee crisis lately.
Kinda depends on where you're from
He knew that and he played them
I‘m Austrian and have never heard of that place
Yes
Honestly now after the brexit i support Scottish independence, i didn't before though.
The bigger challenge is probably taking food along, since once trees and grass stop growing, cows don't tend to be very willing to explore further up.
I even know 3 people who shifted their whole schedule this winter (working from home made it possible) and stayed on summer time since last march
This comes with so much peace of mind in difficult times
I have certainly seen people saying that Sweden is a lost cause.
Some move out with 16 others with 25 and again others never
Fair enough
I remember her having to wander the earth doing good deeds to finally go to heaven
I thought this goes without saying, but I was talking about private users
not "not right", rather "hard to understand", akin to "ich verstehe nur Bahnhof"
Ananas or death
I'm quite sure that God wanted paper to be red
I haven't heard of those dishes until now, must be an eastern austrian thing
I think swedish does that even more
I agree with the point that it's not very precise
Insert gif of trump saying 'wrong'.
Every democratic election in Vienna, the capital, since 1919 has been won by the same party
well, I citated the State treaty, afaik you can count both as our constitution
The only legal aspect you have to check is whether there are constitutional hurdles and I don't believe that there are legal protections for foreign citizens campaigning for foreign elections.
> To my knowledge, we didn't cross a Slovenian border crossing yet, but we did cross the geographical border for sure
* hut - (Hut = hat)
Bulgarian shampoo doesn't compete with shampoo on German supermarket shelves.
As someone who started working in the 1990 - I have much more quality time at my hands now than back then, tbh
Maybe not a German one, but I do know someone who does porn who lives in Vienna.
What happened here between the wars had very little impact on the rest of the world, and it's easily overshadowed by 1938-1945
Alpine skiing is the only form of skiing that counts.
He was surprised when the lunch ran away and the cook didn't want to catch it again...
> Viennese People use it, its not very creative
Translation is incredibly widespread in the EU, so if you know you're horrible at English why not speak in your native language and have someone translate for you
your post is at +120 upvotes and your comment at 40 upvotes, stop crying.
So it's meant sarcstically
It seems to be quite the location if you are looking to purchase cocaine
Can't speak for whether it's true or not, but it's not racist if it's the truth.
And would you like to become an independent nation one day
Also it appears you have a horrible violent crime problem and only one detective to solve everything
Eggs, no
[Martin van Buren] is making a political comeback
[Here's the trailer]
"Das sind für mich böhmische Dörfer"
At least its namegiver is located in Germany
Oh and all that is for up to the millennial generation, can't really say how it is among groups of older people (40+)
Butter contains so little lactose to begin with that you'd need to not only have an intolerance but a _severe_ allergy to have any effect from normal consumption.
&nbsp;
I don't remember the details since this was a longer time ago.
English guy: perfectly says the Latin version
Absolutely munted, i can smell the liquor through my phone
We love them
It's just a soft drink with artificial sweeteners
It is not ok for the usa in behaving this way
And it looks really like a Bully would act
Then it will be shoppoholics that think of buying stuff as a hobby
Europe is now full of far-right nationalist populist parties with prominent positions and even governing
Historical reasons still
Don't take it all too seriously
German can sound badass if spoken by an angry man (i.e. Christoph Walz or Till Lindemann) but serbian always sounds badass and sexy, no matter who speaks
I'm not sure if it's woth the hassle.
Austria issues them on request but they are not commonly used.
That's most likely just the most recent version.
Great in soups
the problem is there is no clear definition of what such an emergency would be and anyone of the hundreds of people knowing that combination could basically break into every household nationwide without leaving a trace.
Unless the UK rolls over that's the only possible outcome.
*looks sad*
I'd say Germany, Italy, Hungary, Russia, Turkey
And of course I offer guest slippers to everyone
That's what happens when you make controversial statements.
I was born in Vienna, and I know this song
All of these are fairly often seen in Vienna
Even fucking Italians come here and pick our mushrooms
Graz has an air raid shelter network under the castle hill "Schlossberg".
Instead they have commercials about what a great time people have at casinos, socializing, drinking and smiling
Funnily as little child I always thought that means the Alm is a serene and untainted place
From Austria ;) I should probably get a flair here too.
He did say he doesn't have any sympathy for a man that got beheaded.
>	I pay nothing for healthcare (covered by employer), neither does she (covered by the German taxpayer)
Once you have your initial equipment such as ski's/snowboard/attire/etc the fees for slopes are your main expense and that varies from slope to slope.
But the fact is that at least militarily, Europe is basically a US vassal
* Hight
He and his supporters later started a witchhunt against the presenter of that debate
Although if you hadn't mentioned it I would probably have forgotten about it
Any wedding drama
\- Fred Sinowatz's sarcastic remark when it came to light that the former Secretary-General of the United Nations Waldheim was member of the SA (Sturmabwehr; a predecessor to the Nazi SS) and when he was confronted with an [Old Foto] where Waldheim was in SA uniform sitting on a horse and still told people that he wasn't part of the organization
I can hardly understand them and the food seems weird to me
And the rescheduling and retaking of the election isn't at all typical, simply a freak occurrence (I hope at least).
And the license plates were completely wrong as well
Ha, that north/south divider on Italy.
Das ganze hatte sich die KPÖ auch selbst zuzuschreiben
This act was brutal and inacceptable.
I get a phone for personal use from work (it's not declared as a work phone but as a goody and I can choose to pick up or not and can't be forced to carry it with me) and working for an ISP and phone company there's no limits regarding voice/data use in Austria and quite generous limits in Europe + I can use 2 complementary products (the portfolio includes Spotify Premium, mobile TV, newspaper epaper, movie theatre rebates, 200mins of telephony in a country of my choice and a couple more) for free
I need to move to Skandinavia
Edit: I just sound like Yoda honestly
The change since 2015 is tangible, people are slowly waking up
WW2 is talked about basically every year
I  believe my school now has lockers for everyone
I'm not Conservative by a long shot, but I can respect Merkel
Yeah, I have some of them too and honestly I've got no idea what the text means
And check the weather before you do
Not necessarily
Idk how they‘d do that with the Plasma, but I‘m sure it‘d be cool to have a CO2-neutral source of energy, a big one at that, and nothing will happen if something goes down (aka no country will be destroyed by nuclear explosions)
The podium
Doesn't "pronto" mean "hurry up"
agreed
I hope you are aware that this "fence" would have been 150 meters or something to enable border controls.
Barbarians
&#x200B;
Austrians are in general quite bad at geography
visit my house, take your shoes off dammit
He was an army man through and through - in the end his maxim was: Legio Pater noster
A couple of days ago I read that top is Japan with 13 ICU beds per *1000 residents, my country (Austria) is in the middle with 7 beds per *1000 residents and the US ranges quite low with 2
Rich people can't afford a private jet, you need to be super rich to afford that (in a sustainable way)
&#x200B;
You forgot our forest cities and our explosive trees in Austria
Ja, absolut
What food from your country area is sometimes "raped" in other parts of the world?
You can imagine how "democratically" that whole referendum went down
Is that why they elected a guy who's living in his ivory tower in Manhattan, sitting on golden thrones and avoiding taxes like there's no tomorrow?
Austria was several german states which together where the Habsburg Corelands, you know
It really depends what kind of work you do
I've made the experience that Italians are even louder
The source for this is Simon Hix:
Bye
I couldn't think of a country we like
The breading should be crispy, the inside soft and Tender
In German there's a type of tree cricket that's named *Weinhähnchen* (little wine cock), maybe that has the same reason ... whatever that might be
I've only heard it being used in old movies or series
I eat 7-8 eggs daily and my blood is fine
Neither
*reflex salute to a great nation*
And Austria was occupied by the Allies just like Germany until 1955, when they left on the condition that Austria declare itself "eternally neutral". How exactly do you think it should have been punished more
I'm happy with 'love', but a waitress recently called me "my love" and that was a bit startling
) and refers to Slavic speakers
Austria's a little better at the french pronunciation, but I don't speak french so I can't actually say how close it is.
This really looks like townscaper (game) in real life
So, dear Triest, wanna come back home to good old Austria
I've been to Bolzano a few times because of the cultural ties it has with Austria, but other than that I wouldn't really know why anyone would rather visit Bolzano over for example Milano
No idea what that user meant with "first independent country". Independent from who
I seem to have the superpower to be able to sleep even while not being tired enough so that i actually *need* it
What if you didn't go in the wrong direction but were too far away to reach France
You forgot about the beer
Definitely quite a few similarities between the two as well
Technically the Vienna Forest, particularly Leopoldsberg, is the very last northeastern tail of the Alpine Arc
Thanks for that insight
Nope
not really forgetting about it, it’s merely slipping my mind bc I barely have to think about it
I think it was renamed to Fucking because the local sign was vandalized to say Fucking all the time lmao (don‘t quote me on that one tho)
Werkzeug - work thing - tool
well he's a jew, so duh
And then there are no dotted lines between other countries that use different words?
Then there are people who are just crazy and say "der Nutella" (masculine) but they are fortunately a tiny minority
They're so underrated
I don't know which thread you are reading or which comment chain you followed but we clearly aren't talking about the same topic.
(She is Hungarian but always complains about foreigner Jews in our district)
or is it regular number of drinks every week?
And can you imagine how surreal it is for us now
Because they compete with shit in other countries.
For nightlife I can't really give you any informations.
Im Deutschunterricht, Hochdeutsch
Or even worse: „Austria eh
Then you see like 10 crosses of the accident-victims next to the road and then you see 2 huge stop-signs on both sides of the road
I've been there once and wasn't blown away
Why is it controversial; because of the cost
By having less and less people immunized against diseases, the disease can reach these people and kill them
Definitely, but UKIP specifically had ads about EU legizlation that was made up
It's a good song though
ik zie het als een absolute overwinning
An austrian who doesn't like schnitzel or drink beer
They get herded around like cattle and rarely stroll around :D
Mainly used for shopping, e.g. meat
Ugh, it's a stuttery slow mess
The hallow of the white hazel, the rapid whirlpool, the chruch of St
I'm guessing Russia and China
Height is very specific and personal, yet we can certainly generalize it
yes, I tasted it, not a fan ;)
Tbh, to make Gulasch authenic hungarian you just need to add wayyy to much Paprika and spice
Finally a time to plug my subreddit /r/flagsinreallife
Neither proper AC nor ceiling fans are common here
Several politicians, media outlets and many redditors were outraged about people worrying it happens at all.
* [The Hofburg] (the former home of the Habsburg family, currently our president lives there and all of our political debates are in it, but it‘s also classified as a museum)
We also have that rule with the uneven numbers
Ugh it comes up so often in discussions, like some people really believe that 1000 year old methods are superior to new techniques.
They're not the Ottomans anymore!
It's accepted some countries (like Austria) and in some countries it isn't
" ("Turks
Iceland
I think we should concentrate on creating a command structure that links all the national armies we have right now.
Ein Leberkasschnitzelkaiserschmarrnkäsekreinerkrapfen
Entirely depends on your purpose
Otherwise I have below the counter the standard sentences written in French (and Italian)
FIFA and the IOC both have their HQ in Switzerland
/s ^^^^not ^^^^really
Traditional locals who grew up on the countryside are more reserved than all of that, they would often just nod or wave at people
I cannot understand most people from one state (Vorarlberg) because their dialect is so different compared to the rest of Austria
- I love sausages, Leberkas, pork roast grease on bread
lmao what is this shit
Fuck yeah
But most Austrians don't care about the topic.
Honestly they just didn't even try
I'm not happy about those groups either but you're making it sound like that's a new phenomenon.
PPCS (it's PPS but for consumption.
It was the English who finally decided to take the intestines out of the sheep though
or where does it appear the most
So what you're saying is we should not discuss this yet, only once it's legally proven?
or to Istria, through this lovely train aqueduct an past the tank and you are in Croatia
Primary schools typically don‘t. Middle schools typically do and higher education varies
Those Grand Duchies always thinking they're better than Principalities
She explained it by saying since pm is for late things and am is for early things
+ about half of Switzerland
>allerdings ist ein Schnitzel mit Champignonrahmsoße und Fritten auch geil
Why destabilize the EU for this?
Twice a year
Weird ppl
I don't know anyone who doesn't speak in dialect, people who speak standard german here get joked about
Add a simplified/modernized version of our emblem eagle
As far as I can tell the more you go north the more drugs they have haha
TIL: She is Mrs husband of the president of Moldova
" In den 1870er Jahren siedelten viele Mennoniten von Russland nach Kanada und in den 1920er Jahren von Kanada nach Paraguay und Mexico
It’s cool to have everything I need in reach as well as spots to go to if I need to relax
Pretty sure there were dragons in Carinthia called Lindwurms.
Even many Habsburgs were fervent antisemites, such as Maria Theresia
TIL Switzerland is the EU
And in the end people will say "nothing has happened" and we'll never hear about it again, also mainly because major media and news outlets are to profit off the directive so they're inclined to keep it that way
Post with Austria in the title.
And I like to believe under certain circumstances and with enough reforms, it could have survived and even thrived, possibly to the present day
Sit under a roof outside and just watch the show
It's not like I was disappointed, but I'm not a big fan of Paris
Well I have both an Android and an iPhone so I needed something that works on both
And yes, Germans ARE in fact morally superior than Americans for the most part
Of course we use a lot of English words
Churches have burned down during the war as well, and were rebuilt
But this guy thought those clothes are all we have
Ich dachte, das ist sehr beliebt in DE, no joke :0
With vodka the distillate is basically 100% ethanol
Europe will either unite in some form or become more and more irrelevant.
No because the toll is collected by the ASFINAG a private entity which owns the highway network.
It's probably also because we are culturally very similar, however almost no austrians identify themselves as german, so we have this kind of rivalry to be "seperate" from germany
here you can search if your desired ETF is sparplanfähig:
It's weird
I have witnessed my fair share of fun discussions about the civil war and Franco
Its subtle but extremely effective manipulation
It gives individual states more options regarding ~~fiscal~~ monetary ~~politics~~ policy by manipulating the value of the currency
I'm pretty sure a lot of brits would be happy to join for some more stability since that weird brexit thing threw everything into chaos over there
Icelandic is super cool IMO
We say it like, sorry for the weird example, the guy in the HA
I certainly have more things but it is late and I am tired
And a few cannons
Unitedstatesofamerica -> America, Unitedkingdom -> England, Côte d'Ivoire -> no thanks we'll stick to the local one that we know how to pronounce
Is that one of those one-sided rivalries
Never heard "Prost" in response to a sneeze anywhere, ever...
Thankfully we don't have a chlorine taste in our water that would make filtering necessary
Still, that the HRE is not the same as Germany
For real
Well they were part if Austria after all, it's lovely that they still have the drink and use a name based on the Austrian one
But *everybody* knows Strache
Swiss people also don‘t speak Vorarlberger German, they speak Swiss German
Obviously, this is a broad generalization, but:
nope, not at all, since people would probably recognize your accent anyway
I'm not using FB so I don't know how easy it is to make friends there, but I think it's your best option.
Literally every US president has been a stuck-up pseudo-dictator who only ever gave a shit about the 1% richest of their population
I thought the Romans never invaded them
Yeah
All for fighting communism, eh
An Austrian who doesn't eat Schnitzel every day
ich is I in English
I just puked in my mouth
> Some will get offended and argue if you label US policies they support as "socialist".
No, but you can always learn from mistakes.
Have fun suckling mustard out the tube I guess
if anything, we would have to call them UMTS or LTE now, and nobody does that
What are your most common problems with English, when speaking it?
Just like Austria doesn‘t speak Bavarian German, but Austrian German
The venecian doge had this stroke 45 years ago in a crucial war.
Since we Austrians know how to do do-overs (just look at our last presidential election), we also have an alternate version [here]
Not just monocultures but also fruit trees from small farmers
Pölten only boring amd not ugly
My favorite was [Meister Eder und sein Pumuckl] It was a German live action kids show, but the little kobold [Pumuckl] was a cartoon.
Also something that I do not understand.
I am not talking about languages but regions
An now those parties are the bad establishment?
Definitely quite a few similarities between the two as well
> but after what happened in Brazil this week,
In Austria you learn it in school if you want or not
Which kept the Swedes from being invaded and getting their cities turned to rubble themselves
Because Apple benefitted from it and they basically have to pay back the ammount that distortet the market.
Cool
Did you really think we hate the germans for no reason
I think if you wanna be nitpicky we technically invaded
I was 17 lol
Why the hell is Austria the only country on that map which is empty
A few years ago there was a hype about fixies and single speeds
Well they are all Italian already and one notices that when compared to North Tyroleans xD
I haven't heard about any of those tbh
South to Malta and west to Portugal
I hope that answered your question, if not, feel free to ask again
You really want the EU to be gone and thus the greatest peace project on European soil ever?
I was thinking the exact same
so my brain really thought he did not followed his own rules to covid, was in a restaurant, got covid and died
Verleihnix (Ordralfabétix) literally means "lends-nothing", which I actually find quite fitting for that character
So you would help set up a country who will go to war with its neighbours (e.g.
So, you revert to this child-like eating style in order to look extra fancy?
There are college sports leagues in the US (NCAA), and afaik you can get into colleges in the US based purely on your abilities in sports.
I'm very happy that with Dark and Babylon Berlin the niveau is finally getting better
I don't notice it much nowadays, but I remember a time when I would think of something and had serious troubles expressing myself, because there was either no good expression in German, or I couldn't finish a train of thought in German the same way I could in English
*laughs in Austrian* what colonies
That doesn't suprise me, there are people who are super dissapointed when they come to Austria and see we actually have cars, not horse carriages, like they saw in the movies
You don't downvote just because you disagree Mr.Joko.
i didn't understand a single word of what you just wrote.
And would you like to become an independent nation one day
I know it's dangerous but we all found that funny at that moment and the people where like "Those teens are weird and the teacher isnt a good role model"
lol, the fact that you frame it as "Brexit won" gives such great insight into what politics in the US have devolved into
They "unified" Germany but left out Austria.
Disinfected it myself, stopped the bleeding and bandaged it
Oh hey reverse Austria
Du bist ja no jung ;)
Haven't been over to Switzerland for a while then?
I live in Vienna, where a lot of people commute with bikes and/or public transport instead of cars
In other places it is quarter past ten, half eleven, quarter before/to eleven
Edit: I just now noticed you said „relax and enjoy“ at the end
Ukraine also specifically moved further away from the EU before this Crimea stuff happened...
well you don't even border us so that makes sense
Yeah that sounds reasonable
1978 - The only date that matters.
Nice 15
Because Austrians had just gotten rid of the Habsburger, after almost 800 years, so being a republic was a big deal
Germans anyways always have their "Personalausweis", which is a valid ID for Schengen area flights.
While we are talking English ... Who the fuck came up with "hurdy gurdy"? That's such a ridiculous name for an instrument and sounds like it was invented by a drunk toddler
Thanks for sharing
What
She absolutely does know stuff about her religion and takes ramadan pretty seriously.
Finland is second because I like the melody of the finnish language, Iceland because apparently it's the closest to old norse, Denmark is rated so low because it sounds like Standard German and Sweden is just everywhere in comparison to the other Nordic countries.
Holy shit that's beautiful
But I didnt even know that you guys get much snow at all to be honest
I'd change ours to anything less boring - double speed would be a first step.
when you consider it's been part of Germany many times
Four awesome countries, brought together in a union.
Found on our [flag] too
But, for the rest of winter we had almost no snow at all
**proper** bread
The city itself is great though
Portugal: one of my earliest vacation memories is going there and i've wanted to go back ever since
Adagio in G after Albinoni
I'm stupid, sry
Geographically the Netherlands might be small, but they have quite a large population, pretty famous cities (Amsterdam, Rotterdam), and are well known in the world
Because loving something simply because you where born there out of sheer coincidence is kind of stupid.
Whilst the simplest languages do just fine with only one past tense, romance languages need an uncountable amount.
Personally I can only assume they have a contract signed in blood lying around somewhere
The fire was triggered by a faulty fan heater
I like to picture the Alphorn as some sort of Swiss didgeridoo, it makes both instruments infinitely more funny (maybe it's just because i'm easily entertained)
Well, there is no restaurant, but sometimes the roast a big at the plaza...
If it is we'll all be dead before the approval process is through
You pay for these bins a monthly fee
They also have a bunch of Sahrawi families who live there for good
Extreme examples, I know, but I guess you get the point
Guess which one is the better solution.
>Don’t ever use that in an actual conversation though, lol
Besides there wouldn't be anyone drowning if the route wasn't such a viable and easy way to get to Europe.
Weather sucks for the most part
It is common to sing the English version however
>Try being a software dev in Europe compared to the US
"Yes, it's the best city for the rich expats they interviewed
In German this old meaning is still preserved in the word *Mitgift* (dowry, literally "with-gift")
Also they don't border Germany
200 	g 	Breadcrumbs
In Austria, school starts when youre about 6 or 7 and is just mandatory until you're roughly 15 years old (9 school years) where about [1/3] start an apprenticeship and the rest continues with school until they are around 19 and then go to uni
And that's why we shall recreate the Empire to take back what rightfully belongs together
we find ourselves sliding into an unwanted conflict which has existential implications.
Die CIA sind die größten Verbrecher der welt
With regards to animal producs for instance, the US offer them a lot cheaper than we do, but they also have way lower standards in terms of production.
It's 2 parts and probably more about the hotel itself rather than drama between people staying there, but it could be interesting.
In some parts of Austria Senner were mostly women
Yeah that's why Rock Papier scissors Spock lizard works, but it gets complicated
Just wow
Silvana, Serafina, Estefania, Kilenta (?), Loredana (?), Gabriel/Fabienne (??), Lavinia (????), Jeremy, Pascal
If he had said “we want Irish unification cause it’s the only solution and we don’t care about the UK at all” well yes then I would agree - but he didn’t.
> Wtf is a Kellernazi, never heard about that ~~impression~~ expression
I feel so appreciated right now
To be fair, Kindershooting sounds kinda weird to me as a native German speaker as well
Could it be that those numbers are related to the deaths in the World wars?
There's also a Maori-language version, Wikipedia doesn't say what she teaches there
Pölten has a population of about 7
The UK never belonged in the EU, and that is fine, but BJ also should not force the UK into some deal with the US
It's just a matter of practice I guess
My grandma use to talk about them as kids hiding from the Soviets in the woods after the war because they would drive around the countryside/villages and while „inspecting“ houses rape girls if they were in the mood
Ich mag den vom Kebabhaus in der Faulmanngasse recht gern
Austrian teenager here (Lower Austria, which is in eastern Austria, to be more precise).
But generally, if one of your furniture breaks „Ikea furniture“ is often used to describe it, afaik
>Paper ticket wich you get from the driver you do not need to validate
Good to hear
Breaking Bad:
Handy means mobile phone in german
Edit: And on top of that I've never talked to anyone from Murmansk Oblast before so that's kinda rare also
If i wanted karma i could whore it out and be positive by miles, but i don't care about reddit karma.
Der Nutella
And us Austrians have the same love-hate relationship
Every country agreed to the ruling and could have prevented the legislation with a single vote in the council back then
Der / Das Joghurt
Puss I had no idea though and just thought that might make sense.
How far along the roadmap are you to get NBN put in
Same for Spain and roughly Portugal and Italy
West manner, everyone who activly supports the NATO is West.
Not really a choice when Slowenia/Italy keeps sending them up, and Germany sending them down.
I don't believe in it
The people have the Power
Do you have any more resources/links on this
> "Dick" in German would be "thick" in English, whereas "fett" in German would be "fat" in English
~~I didn‘t know Laeioum is a universal Austrian pronounciation but I‘ll gladly accept this reality~~
Because that is what I have been told
And I think Russian is one of the languages of the UN
Here in Austria its basically the same
I always include the Northern Caucasus in Europe's boundaries - Caucasus makes a great barrier, as thr sea (yes I know Ural is not really a good boundary)
I do not know a single Austrian person - my mother included - who cooks really regularly, if they are in the mood for it or not
Jörg Haider was killed by leftist anarchists (or insert whatever group they're currently pissed off about) in order to prevent him from becoming chancellor.
Not dollars
Whether the UK benefits from these deals or not is simply not our concern any more.
It's interesting to look at cases where people defended themselves
This led to some pretty strong anti-american sentiments for some people
Did I or summatclever dispute the fact that she is still popular?
hooly, I haven't heard that song in ages
Especially because it has the "every Russian guy ever"-actor who is actually from Croatia or so in it
Although it's more of a narrative than a running joke
the social democrats of the church^^.
presidential votes, Russia happened upon an almost perfectly divided electorate.
i mean they don't even get their second amendment right either.
I think the highest temperature is around 12°C, in Vienna depending on where you live it can be down to 7°C. For some towns it was even a reason to change their water source because temperature was to high
Not really a stereotype, but lots of americans, when you tell them that you are from austria, instantly respond with "Ah, the sound of music!".
Traditionally they are served without vanilla sauce, but it's often added
" *East Austria has entered the chat*
same here
It's kinda different from country to country and the age moving out varies
Check your privilege one head cis shit lord!
It's relaxing, isn't it
The chance of getting in a terror attack is relatively low.
If you continue that train of thought, it wouldn't make sense to call 10^3 ten hundred either
Welcome, bro
hooly, I haven't heard that song in ages
Check out [my reply] to Worldgnasher
I'm really happy and this is great for Slovenia :)
Btw
Because that's what's south of Bavaria
Also real world karma doesn't exist that is India/hippie BS.
Reminds me of a story a guy told me
Des Liad ged ma derb aum beidl, owa mid der Üwasetzung siachi jz endli in tieferen Sinn dahinta
- a goodcondition apartment about 10-15 years old, 2-3 bedroom, with 80-90m2
I went back to English and then back to German:
A Krapfen (very similar to a Berliner), filled with jam but then also with a slice of meatloaf in the middle
Fine, how about an austrian-led German state this time
Don't know why
If I may take a guess from which country you‘re from: Greece
Google said [this] I was too young back then to renember.
I doubt that any Austrian dialect uses these verbs in the preterite (except for "sein" and "wollen" in your list).
I know you are talking about cross country skiing, we are talking about downhill skiing
TIL i am Gypsy
So yeah it's pretty nice
Sestola	FI
And how fucking ridiculous is stocking up on toilet paper
You're way better off with America than China in the long run
There are variants that do contain cheese but they are called Käsleberkäse (cheeslivercheese)
Get over here and we'll throw a shrimp on the barbie
When you're living here you miss some sights many want to visit
That theres way less spontanious singing and dancing going on that expected just adds to the dissapointment
I loved it
Basically, to become president of Austria you have to get 50% + 1 vote
Some people got inflation adjustments as well, and prices of different goods changed different amounts, confusing total amount more.
I'm not very knowledgable about this, but as far as i can tell CFDs are unlike traditional investments in that you don't put your money somewhere and it either grows or diminishes - instead, you're basically doing a "bet" with a counterpart - if you win, they'll have to pay you some amount and if they win you'll have to pay them.
He or she can't, hence the troll answer with edgy 3 dot ending...
The curriculum is not truly enforced
His successor Adolf Schärf was born in 1890 in Nikolsburg (Mikulov) in southern Moravia again
Nicht für Kinder ist der Tühürkehentrank, schwächt die Nerven macht dich blahass uhund krank
Ehhhhh bester Stand Josefstädter U-Bahnstation
5121, Austria
How generous, you are allowed to take unpaid time off so you can try to figure out how to magically pay for your ridiculous medical bills
Feber is a lot more common than Februar where I'm from.
Pretty sure english is one of the youngest languages
You think that is the direction Europe should take?
We don't have many high buildings/skyscrapers (tho some more are going to be built atm) that makes it a bit difficult I think
And Mostschädel, well originally its a derogatory term used by the people of Innviertel (which came to Austria with a bavarian density of breweries while the rest of Austria drank "Most") for the rest of Austria or especially the despised rest of Upper Austria
Travelled & sometimes lived abroad since a baby, but the first time I actually did some planing myself in what I wanted to see & do where we went, must have been when we went to Egypt when I was 12.
What can be said is that the provinces hate Vienna and Vienna hates the provinces
German-Turkish comedian Serdar Somuncu made a lot of good stand up comedy sketches also pointing this out
Almost everyone knows that we got anschlussed by germany during ww2
It still snows every winter
In 100 years they will be seeing 2016 in the same way we're seeing 1933.
around 64% of Dutch Turks voting AKP
Seiko, founded 1891 in Heidelberg by Hans-Friedrich Seiko
Everyone, take a good look at OP's history.
I give up :)
Its time for the cut
We would most likely write "reden" instead) so wie wir schreiben
I do not see how that is even somewhat similar but I might be missing something here.
>This isn't a comparative issue, btw
No language has the capability to become universally understood when spoken louder.
E.g.: Dutch "niet" and Austrian "net" ("not" in English/ "nicht" in German)
What is the stereotype of the capital in your country?
Another interesting facet that I find is hardly ever talked about is that in the phase before the Anschluss Schuschnigg contacted country after country in the attempt to find support for an independent Austria, but nobody was willing to help
nice, I‘d like to see them rockin‘ it
In my country you have to be seriously weird, old or super religious to go to church at sundays so I just can't relate
The "Baumaxerl" is just the icon of a wood/constructionshop and he essentially commits horrendous warcrimes
okay, lets take russia out of the picture.
Doesn't sadly excuse those who collaborated with him
What is it you don't understand
Weak EU => Strong America/Russia.
Pedophilia is a crime in the US?
[I was hiking in the Esterel Massif near Cannes in october and it was just stunning.]
Every new appliance we bought is from the build quality and reliability worse then the older ones
They should already have noticed before even measuring that they have a problem.
Some communities try to pay people to settle there
I'm sure some breweries something like this, but it's not a broad tradition
Also aus Österreich nach Liechtenstein ausgezogen
Why
I did not know that
There are quite a lot of conservative people here, especially on the countryside, but in general we are becoming more and more open minded
". ;-)
He was denounced personally by a high functional several times within the party
They are quite nice - like a combo of Windbäckerei and Kaiserschmarrn
good youtube channel about the topic: [bald and bankrupt]
Steirisch-Lernende müssen hier ganz einfach Wörter lernen, genau so als würde man Französisch oder Spanisch lernen
Europe is highly taxed and cash heavy that's why you see those figures.
Probably not
Fun fact: We had several head of states born in places which were part of Austria-Hungary the time they were born but weren't part of the Republic when they became head of the state (e.g. Karl Renner)
It doesn't taste bad, it just tastes different
Yeah like Iraqi insurgents only less organized or successful.
0.02€ from a fellow austrian here:
No, and it is absolutely frustrating
I don't think so but I don't know
Not in Romanian, as far as I recall
Sadly Vavda shows a pattern of alligning with [alt-right] [talking points] and [people]
Frohe Weihnåchtn und a schens neigs Joa
Roughly, this is what happened on 4
Austria is also somewhat inert to change, so introducing stricter laws against it takes a lot of time
Wheel, or just a knife
Madame Tussauds
Not to forget Denmark sold its only Caribbean possessions in 1917
Even "Tschüss" sounds way too informal to me, always made me queasy when I heard it being used in business settings
you are annoying
That's even more nazi-like
We‘ve also got the [Tiroler Schützen] and every village has its own marching band
I studied law and most of my classes were in German.
Yes, but if I was that concerned (and not vaccinated), I would rather ride my bike there than taking the tram
It's just a really beautiful language and I also enjoy visiting the different countrie there
Deutschösterreich ist not in any way the same as eastern Germany
Being hit with an ice hockey stick when exiting public transport, by some drunk youth, who couldn't wait until people are out before getting in
timolia
Austria didn't exist from 1938-45, and was part of Germany, but many Austrians were high ranking Nazis
Cake and Christmas cookies
I do lament, however, the loss of the words "hither" and "thither" which are not only fun to say but convey meaningful information that we have to now express in two words "over here", "over there".
id call that a win-win situation for us
Every time, man
For half a year: yes
Confusing, there's no hole in the ground and no space-time distortions
I think the golden is kind a "Best of" from all his books
I was stationed there for training for 8months (I think
dystopian
Barely
You know, there are things we are calling "Airplanes".
I will do one if I need it
Snow if there is a bunch of it at once and it is cold enough for it to stay, its fine
We more or less only have 2 major ones, Westbahn and the federal Railways, and they are both okay.
I know the story of two of my great-grandfathers as well, but they aren't quite as interesting as his, just sad really
I think it's noteworthy that in Austrian constitution the Slovenian language (alongside others) is protected and that this paragraph was taken over from the monarchy times
The state treaty reestablished Austria as a fully independent country and ended allied occupation
Käsekrainersemmel
Austria has been governed by Social Democrats for much of the past 40 years.
Younger Austrians are usually more adapted to standard German through media and it is more enforced in schools nowadays
Now we'll see if we'll have a blue(right wingers)/turqoise or green/turquoise government
Schnitzel
One hint for potential tourists: if you want a nice hike, make sure there's no cable car going up that mountain
I guess the appeal was that it was the most caffeinated drink before Energy drinks were available
2012-2018: 37 shots were fired at people
Vienna isn't as horrible as people from other parts of Austria think
Fast uncensored internet access for everyone and community moderators that keep the internet clean.
But yeah, there is 0 promotion of our dialects which is very sad especially if you look at switzerland who have fully acknowledged their language and incorporated in TV and Media.
Snow of course is common here in Austria, but even I am still quite amazed about how beautiful it is when there is a lot of snow (I live in an area which doesn't have that much snow usually, but we've got a lot of it on thursday and it was just beautiful)
Some kind of a health care system where nobody has to worry about beeing broke or in debt after some serious health problems
Holy Shit
They renamed it to "Das kaufmännische Talent"
Each was great and breathtaking but my favourite was probably Horseid since there was no one else around at all
It's a classic tactic of defamation against your enemy though, make him seem smaller than he actually is to the point of ridicule
Or the general "thank me for my service" posts where suddenly someone is still in uniform or out of the blue mentions their military background unnecessarily
Ich existiere eh nicht
I once ate pancakes that were shaped like eagles, sprinkled with unidentified syrup and blue, red and white sprinkles.
“ when I realized my mistake
I don't know if I'm ready to be this depressed on a wednesday morning
France is not the second largest country
I was about to write Austria and Germany, but its really just Austria and Bavaria
Yes, you can just learn the borders of the Balkan peninsula, but the cultural/political definition of the Balkan is not as clearly defined
there are a few FPÖ politicians who make a big deal about it to get some votes from people who have literally nothing but their faith in their life.
Another extremely interesting historical figure from Poland was witold pilecki
Austria: I have a passport and a drivers license.
Edit: [
They probably have less patient rights and just lock up whoever behaves a bit too weirdly
Jesus, that map would look disgusting
we need more of this kind of stuff
Depends on a branch and people
My dad's Austrian, so my surname was atypical for the region; in primary school heritage was really emphasized, everyone knew their family back to their great-grandparents or further back and had at least 1 cousin attending the same school
I maybe loved the rebuilding Monteriggione part in AC2 the most of everything in the game
You may declare the artist dead, but even the death of the artist does not wash away the vision invested into the artwork  during its creation
Now they're even closer to print letters
Hobbiton, The Shire, Middle Earth
The relation between Germany and Austria can be compared to the English and Scots, or Yankees and Southerners
They just have everything there
Drinking vodka while eating something salty makes it very enjoyable.
At least in Civ the units get pushed out of the borders on declaration
In german (and many other languages), when you combine nouns, you lose the space in between
The ECB is independent and outside of the control of the member states.
Yeah we have a lot of shared (cooking) history, that's for sure \^\^
nice destination for a bike trip; all the bars having outside seating make the old town a nicer place than Vienna, tbh
VIRIBVS VNITIS
I usually use oil to heat up before I wake up in the morning and then start heating with wood when I come home from work
Handy is the most used word for cell phone, yes
Wemma daumit fertig san wast a nemma wo obn und untn is.
A single page load of the verge eats up 6mb of data.
Beer or Spritzer in our hands, a cigarette in our mouths and complaining about that from the start
Europe in general has advanced in the left tech tree further than the US and it shows in the political landscape
If it is true, it implies that a man who can't find a woman to fuck would necessarly (or more likely) be a rapist.
Yeah, my vocabulary is more limited in german and I forget words pretty often
The Mother charges at the dog, tourist refuses to let him go (which she should absolutely do, a dog can easily evade a cow)
The problem I've got with religion in the US is that churches and religions have a huge influence on for example laws, which just shouldn't be the case
So, the British Raj will be reastablished?
Sometimes I see deers, more in safe distance on the fields and not near the houses
In hindsight, so am I!
It was totally worth it
Romance language,Germanic language, Slavic language.
Which is cool af
It‘s not something I see every day
Not really a problem in German: Rumänien, Rom vs Roma & Sinti
You're right, apparently they are.
Nevermind, there is already a thread here:
Are people allowed to vote for them and would you support helping them set up a proper state?
Both forces were unified as police with much of the Gendarmeries tradition beeing integrated
I wanted to take a taxi back to my hotel from the mall of Istanbul and the driver wanted payment in advance - he did exactly as you said, I think I handed him a fifty and he switched it for a ten
It has always been there, no one of any significance lived in that house
(Never happens with Bavarians, I guess they might be told the same)
I had a really great history teacher, and they spent a lot of time talking about Vienna between the bread wars and red Vienna, which was nice and really interesting, but my other history lessons often revolved around Rome, and things like this
I'm baffled
- in religion class: ancient desert peoples that are featured in the Old Testament
Well, that mess started over thousand years ago when German was similar like the Slavic languages: Without articles but the ending of every noun showed case and gender.
And you expect anyone noticing that those are three separate links
So since the difference between written and spoken is usually so big/noticable anyway and there are a lot of possible pronunciations because 300+ (sub)dialects, it makes sense to me to use standard spelling when writing a generalised example like this
Always thought Infineon was Austrian, but it seems they are German but have their production Sites here
Not only in Germany though, I think it's like that in many Civil Law influenced countries
#Titles_and_styles_from_birth_to_death
Swiss guy #2: "Nah, just invent something
askhistorians is narrow and I can still can respect them.
Do cars drive themselves or are driven by people
A few more noteworthy would in our folklore would be
As long as Danes also have to work there's no discrimination...
In Germany maybe, definitely not in Austria.
I suppose that would be Vienna vs
You do realize though that the FPÖ is as much establishment as the SPÖ and ÖVP.
If you are well-off the US may be "better" individually speaking
It has always been there, no one of any significance lived in that house
No one in Austria would understand "three quarters nine" as 8:15 and the confusion usually is only with "quarter 9" and some people see that as 9:15 or "viertel ueber (Neun)".
Goulash outside of Hungary is more similar to Pörkölt, I think.
It's pretty obviously made to inflame German speaking Slovenes:
I live in Vienna and have never been to/in:
Stiegl also has a Radler, I think.
Well not dry as a desert, but Schnitzel usually should be juicy enough without liquid on top of it
You need to work through a long bureaucratic marathon and for most types of businesses you need an accepted professional qualification.
Yes, it was a few years a ago in Italy, we were  there with our school
About an hour
Even if you don't need a passport for border checks within the Schengen area , it is still always highly recommended to take a passport or ID card with you, so you can prove your identity if needed (if stopped by police, boarding a plane, etc
It's all about knowing somebody who knows somebody
It's really simplified as often every valley and village has its own dialect
I can attest that it's super common among Viennese workers and in certain regions of Lower Austria (Waldviertel etc
They also installed a ski lift in North Korea
Oh and all that is for up to the millennial generation, can't really say how it is among groups of older people (40+)
It is refered to as the inofficial anthem of tyrol but it is not the state anthem
Get potato dough package from store, take core out of apricots (and if you are a grandma replace with a cube of sugar for that extra sweetness kick), make potato dough as per packaging and wrap apricots in it, boil as per packaging
maybe this is way different in France, but I doubt it
Thats not unique to Germany
Like rice cooked with pasta, or cheese with Arequipe
Ferlach: Guns
It's shocking how many people - even austrias - aren't aware of the fact that there is an official, well definded correct way of österreichisches Hochdeutsch - just as official as the german standard german they speak in Germany
So I just happened to come across them
I mean it's not like we are any better lmao
"You are exactly the one head short where your brain should have been"
Only brewed on the 6th of December and then stored for 10 months before it's sold
Hope all of you have been staying healthy and that your christmas and new year will be awesome (:
That alone is not that unique actually
Edit: sorry I did not really answer your question: the US has a poverty and violence problem
People don't get criminally charged here if they buy/consume/possess small amounts.
So they were given an extension until April 11
We barely did anything and for that reason we only got Slesvig-Holsten back
as long as you don't speak 100% in cockney to everybody and expect them to understand what you say, you'd be fine
It was a strange time
There actually is a one letter word, "[o]  used in Standard German but it is kind of [archaic] As an interjection it is also mostly used in combination with a second word
Most of vienna thinks austria has 415km² and has about 2 million inhabitants so a viennese will most likely answer everything outside of vienna
A childhood without Asterix & Obelix must be a very sad one
In total yes, but which were the exact dates with more than 10k people/day?
I know right
We usually are not in the media, but when we are, we [go big
Same for police, guards, etc
Is our great linguistical variety.
Creating a humanitarian crisis in some field in Serbia doesn't do shit.
Living there is extremely cheap
Well i guess Wiener Schnitzel it is..
I blame you for a lot
The center of Zürich, and skiing in Kitzbühel in the high season
If one of my friends got a new job I do ask them how much they make, but I can’t imagine asking for instance my uncle or my godfather how much he makes
Welcome to my life
yeah, they were
I think you are on to something....
The website is in german, but you only need the names of the regions anyways :)
Dude, why are so pessimistic
Dialects: I'm sure a lot of my fellow Austrians will complain about this map
Was fishing once as a 11 year old.
"Ich komme" is valid Austrian German
wasn't there a fire on top of the hofburg a while ago?
has taught me anything, then that identifying a virus is the most important step to eventually finding the vaccine
This is a very local thing, but every year on the first day that the sun sets before all work is done/closingtime and artificial lights have to be turned on, the owner of the business will invite his workers out for food and drink
***
It's because Austrian German is more conservative than German-German
They might influence the 3 branches of power, yes, but they cannot force them to stay within their powers.
There is also Murelli, which comes in many different varieties, which is sadly not as popular as it deserves to be
nothing
Swiss people also don‘t speak Vorarlberger German, they speak Swiss German
For example: Georgia is one of the oldest european/christian civilizations
Vind ik leuk
You never googled anyone you haven't met yet but are going to meet
I think St
An sober Austrian not complaining about anything
Recently watched some austrialian and canadian tv-shows --> come into the mix
She does include some Spanish lingo at times though
nice to see how the eastern block recovered
with that
(I saw many trees today in Austria
Absolutely, especially concerning my own future children.
Bavarian 100%
It is possible that the Nazis would have won nevertheless but thats what happens when a Nation offers thousands of jobs to an austerity ridden nation (thanks mises you prick)
Can't ever be 1000% sure, but it seems people who post these have some kind of agenda
i think that emblem is a little bit too complex to be on a flag
Germany I wouldn‘t like living in so much but wouldn‘t mind either
Also make sure to read up on legal requirements in countries along the way (e.g.
As far as I know there is less of a political exploitation and Radio Burgenland even broadcasts partly in Croatian
The broken chains were added after WWII and signify overcoming fascism
The first blood moon I had in that game was the scariest shit ever
Villach voted Hofer and is quite small in comparison.
I'd say they're more than half way there
Not even the Rhine border
Nice joke lmao
Go to refugee shelters or do some community work.
An equatorial launch site is therefore more interesting commercially .
For the longest time I believed that the  regular border between East and West just happened to run through Berlin because my teacher always talked about the Berlin Wall as a wall between the East and the West and mentioned it in the same breath as the iron curtain
Hell no, that would be ... weird
Also  astrology
Thats such an unnecessary knockout argument when pointing out Hypocrisy
More comments = more traffic = more clicks = more €€€
Valmala	IT
So far i have only heard of french, swedes, polish, austrians, turks and germans freezing to death in russia
And surprisingly, none of them are even close to doing anything so incredibly disastrous that it has made worldwide headlines for several years at a time
A lot of civilians dont know the difference
There hasn't been a closed snowcover at all this year
To enrole to a german university you probably need to proof that you understand german quite well, that's at least the case in austrian universities.
Well it can be really limiting in certain situations
Many shops and whatnot are missing, and street view simply doesn't exist
O Sole Mio by Eduardo di Capua
- the only slightly cool thing they have is a huge and extremely shallow lake that is really more like a puddle of dirt + lots of storks
But thats just one of the two cashcows
For example I did my military replacement service at a nursing home by Caritas.
I only wished the rest of the EU had the balls to actively support you
Yeah, people call it just Lada, because the other doesn't sell well
- I despise nobles and royalty
And its killing other similar traditions that are not just about money
School, peers, siblings, parents, the internet (and I mean the whole internet, not only porn
Honestly I think it's rather civilised in comparison
It‘s not huge or fancy, but it has its very distinct charisma
Most more right-wing opinions are getting heavily downvoted on this sub, so why even bother answering such questions?
* [Universalmuseum Joanneum] - Fun Fact by Wikipedia: _It is the oldest museum in Austria as well as the largest universal museum in central Europe with over 4
And if you reeeaaally must go to Eastern Europe avoid Vienna at all costs.
There's a [Simpsons episode] called *"Burns Verkaufen der Kraftwerk"*.
Slight correction, she can have a trade agreement with the EU, as a third party
/u/LXXXVI has mentioned it in spirit but the region bleeds out of human capital in exchange for subsidies
Don't get too high on your own farts
The hussars fled the scene, thinking that the Ottoman army's attack was imminent
Especially since so many Democratic supporters are anti firearms.
That Austria started WW2
Especially if you consider that we're only 7 million people
But the Emperor thought it was a good idea to make his hereditary titel on par with the Arch Bishops and the Imperial electors, so he forged a bunch of documents providing him with many new privileges and consolidating several he already had
" to a MP who was born in Bosnia
Don't think so, under normal circumstances
Just look at Traunstein, Kleiner Sonnstein or Schoberstein
The groom and his car have to drive after them and find them, if they’re unlucky they also have to pay for everything the bride and her friends drunk
I think there's a lot Poles living in my neighborhood
17 in the class of my daughter
D Germany
Charle's Church ... but the weirdest are probably the massive [Flak Towers] in Vienna
So, your only argument is that you are ignorant and rude
My wife's grandfather spent the last month in intensive care
Some startups do this with their "beer fridges" for late night crunches but that was different
Some stores import more american stuff and you sometimes find more flavors (highly overprized tho!) but I've never ever found the cool ranch ones here :(
And Burgenland
So I will try:
I wouldn´t say this still applies nowadays anymore though
Concerning russia: it might have been relegalized in 1993 but was already legalized following the Russian revolution in 1917, in the wake of Stalins rise to power many Civil rights were revoked
It's like some weird mixture of Dutch and Greek designed by an Austrian patriot.
The turks themselves came as concquerers only 500 years ago.
Mostly safety reasons
Interestingly enough, Synagogues have 24 h police protection in Austria
I think you're the first person I've seen who doens't like Germnknödel
("*Austriae est imperare orbi universo"* or "*All the world is subject to Austria"*)
When my dad was there they charged him 8€ for an Espresso
And maybe gloves
I also really like that name
Back to the Church State
At first I thought it was a specific city where people were so ridiculously friendly, bzt then I realized that no, it's actually us, we are the outlier
€ 150,-
To be honest looking back at my time in school I am surprised how much special knowledge and trivia they teached us, while omitting the basic stuff it built on
* Alpine Skiing World Cup
second, there is like a million cafes and bakeries everywhere, all of them offer amazing pastries
&#x200B;
Just as I don´t take personal pride in the good things they might have done, I don´t take personal shame for actions they have done
~~I didn‘t know Laeioum is a universal Austrian pronounciation but I‘ll gladly accept this reality~~
Those are user generated internet dictionaries
From head to toe
>Other than that: Vote in 2019 and spread the word
When your newspaper title reads like a the_donald excerpt
Have been to Rothenburg ob der Tauber with my parents about 30 years ago and I still remember it fondly as being one of the most beautiful towns I have seen in my lifetime
(well most of them are purported to be humans anyways)
I hear Murcia is basically what you just described, but 10 times worse
Connected to that, anything involving highway/freeway culture, specifically diners and mom-and-pop highway rest stops and quirky small-town sights like "biggest chicken statue of Texas". Our rest stops are all professionalised chains that serve fancy buffet style restaurant food at overly high prices (not much competition on the freeway), the equivalent to highway truck stops are probably the cafés adjacent to gas stations, but they're always sad smoky places and only good for coffee, a dry sandwich, or some greasy sausage or kebap
That is not a prove, just hearsay.
#Milizsystem in German, the English article sucks in that regard.
[The Ars Electronica Center in Linz was also in Black-Red-Gold after the attack.]
> But those will vote for him anyway, because they never would vote the SPÖ, Green party or Neos
Israel) at the first time possible?
Its more about new viennese which is very piefkenesisch
In a more serious note - he has no real power afaik ? And the parties in power are apparently not so eager
Since November there‘s a new rule that you can‘t smoke in closed off public places (restaurant etc), and I love that rule
In the aviation industry this is known as a CFIT
But apparently there are lots of excemptions for that.
I still had to say it to the elementary school teacher, but nowadays it's only used ironycally (and/or degorative)
The fact that the Muslim community is so big is the reason why they do not have to assimilate into European society.
It's funny, both aren't that different, the one in the second pic is only less cared for...
When the Chinese People heard about this they sent them a large sum of money and monthly food packages, to which he replied with a personal letter every time
Consumers should know that a part of the money they pay goes to the credit card company
Nobody is allowed to go into my bunker in the basement...
Never
But if you become a citizen, you should accept the laws of your country.
That‘s actually a good point
Yeah, but some parts of upper Styria feel also so desolate
You can read the law and you will know what you can or cannot do.
Austria has a similarly odd thing were the most formal standard greeting is "Grüß Gott" the equivalent of "God bless you" or just "Bless you" without anyone actually meaning it in a religious way.
If you use Erdapfel only for certain dishes but say Kartoffel otherwise you are too far gone
Yes, i can
Yeah Romy Schneider looks great in it
Do you mean to tell me that McDonald's in Ireland doesn't sell alcohol
Speaking of Hundertwasser, I recently learned that he was a monarchist
"In English, people are much more polite than they are here, so always use *please* and *thank you* when asking for something
**Switzerland:** Our red and white alpine bros
> We became the centerpiece of international politics
seriously
* [Schönbrunn Palace]
Every since "polarisation" has become a thing
This took place in the time when the former roman city of Iuvavum was refounded (696 A. D.) as Salzburg around 200 years after the collapse of the roman empire
The greater good
The annual ticket is a personalised plastic card like a credit card and shows up in the app
Also, that one has 3 Es
Spelt with a 't' but pronounced like a 'd'.
surely the brits have not lost their country to another blonde moron want to be dictator like the U.S.?
> estadounidense
Villamo	FI
kangaroos
too bad they are not doing the same in america that would be great
Krapfen is quite German as far as I know, but Palatschinken came into German from the latin Placenta via Hungarian, Czech and Romanian
My grandfather used to make cider out of the not-so-good looking apples
I just noticed the incredible number of houses for sale in Dublin this summer.
Our spelling is pronounced like крушчов.
But that's not the dual form
We straighten our slippers
Surely there's a local equivalent to Craigslist where you can sell them, maybe for 6-7 € apiece?
We better get our shit together quickly though.
Considering everyone says "not much" and regrets it, why don't we do a cultural exchange thing in r/Europe again
Vic II: Mostly Austria trying to reform into the Danubian Federation and freeing all its nations from Prussian, Russian and Ottoman opression
Was soll das
However, the way they brought it up is NOT okay
You should store coniferous wood at least 12 months
We would be truly in the dark without you
Not fair, you are going to get so much Karma now
I think Austria is one of the few European countries that have a North Korean embassy and for example North Korean passports are printed by the same company that prints austrian passports (company is owned by the state)
The only difference is that they won
[We've won the Nations Cup 27 times in a row now.] [And we're the most successful at World Championships as well]#Medals_by_country).
I cant tell the difference between gone and cone.
In German it's called Drehleier (turning lyre) which in contrast actually makes sense (because it's quite literally a lyre where you crank/turn a handle)
Here is the link to qwant ([ for those reading the comment and also wanting to try it out ;)
However, once you need it, its a lifesaver without question
> I've seen countless comments on /r/TIL that British accents used to sound American but we changed them as to not sound American
Some years ago they decided that in order for the law applying to you you have to pay a fee (this is the most fucked up legal thing ever, you shouldn't need to pay a fee for a law to work)
Obligatory served with bilberry jam and cream
Ich verstehe jetzt deine Argumentation.
Ok England
The slums of Austria
I recently moved from Styria to Berlin and holy hell the water is shit here
Eisenburg (Vas)
Usually not
You won't find many Viennese people there anymore
This is the center of a major Austrian city, from above
Salo	FI
pflücken = brockn
Well, nobody asked ME
But we - humanity as a whole - should probably get over it
Well, you don't have to refrigerate them if you don't wash them ^ ^
Unfortunately I haven't found a cheap tax-compliance ETF yet.
It has, however op asked about downsides
I think in my mind this archetypical figure is a representation of the primal fear of the dark and the uncertain
I agree with the point that it's not very precise
10°C would be far better
> In Flemish Dutch ‘poep’ means the butt and ‘poepen’ is the verb for having sex
I'm pretty sure it's Mariupol
I think I saw something about that on Vice once
I'd say he's the most hated
Yes that's what I meant, that it's the same country but differently spelled.
Martin's Day celebrations or traditions in your country?
sadly not
terms and conditions apply
Telling you that imports / exports will be scrutinized ?
Many of those typical Carinthian names have a Slovenian root, describe an area and end with -nig(g)
"Damn Scots, they ruined Scotland
First, I highly doubt that Turkey has a healthcare systems thats miles ahead of the western world
Nobody under 60 would say that we were the first victims
Nobody can enter or exit unless their skin tone is [in the lower part of this chart] There's huge portraits of Shakira - hips be upon her - in all the streets
Whenever she writes a text, I have to correct her phrases with "das Bild von dem Künstler" and put them in genetive (i.e. "das Bild des Künsterls"; "des Künstlers Bild" is too hardcore, even for me)
¡Me kago en los clabes del kristo
It was still being used for evading taxes.
There wasn't a large burgher class nor were there any really big cities beside Thessalonica, which wasn't conquered until the 1890s. Athens at the time of Greek independence in 1830 had 4000 population
Wow i didn't know this was the same day
Mission: bsoffane gschicht (drunken story)
We are obviously only 98% responsible
What do you think about the culture & people
It's our nature
Pölten deserves to be forgotten
I can see where it comes from, I guess I would sweat in Brazil climate the whole day,
Correct
The problem is that globalisation doesn't just stop just because you decide to not participate it just makes you less competitive.
In my current company if you need something to be done, you better hope it's not Friday
Meanwhile in Bosnia
You forgot the forest cities of Austria
It's not so much about overall turnout but about voter mobilisation.
No, I don't want to be ruled by Germany any more than we already are.
**Vienna**: Stuck up and arrogant pricks who can't drive and think of the rest of the country as some backwards hellhole
I think Austrians would benefit from the business
It means that people are interested in your country and it also brings a lot of money.
Victual Brothers and Likedeelers, Pirates and privateers of the north and baltic sea
Well, my reasoning is that a theme song for the continent I live on should be a one that's known by the majority of people.
Absolutely munted, i can smell the liquor through my phone
Hellweg sometimes has free buckets too
well, besides the different dialect, vocabulary, history, traditions, politics, laws, cuisine, humour and mindset we are basically identical.
The most bland of all the breads
I think every Germanic language has them
South-Eastern Austria here, last year in November we had record-breaking snowfall here
Marcel Hirscher and David Alaba
>Just seems to discriminate poor people, without any real gain
fucking left leaners are getting desperate.
Wow funnily enough my mom trimmed me to stand on both feet bc standing on one foot is unhealthy or something
On normal days too, if you felt like it, just grab a beer and keep working
So we have either 18 or 31 nobel prizes as a country
Were these state companies relics from the Salazar era
Oh, I was attacked once on Landstraße, and once on the Hauptplatz
And we're only talking some 500km distance here
But it's not a proven thing, exactly
In this field it‘s always important to have your study input up-to-date and to keep it international, which hasn‘t always been the case at TU
I am also from Vienna and in my early twentys and it is shocking to think how much snow I experienced as a child and generally how different the seasons were
No one who walked to CE came "directly" from such a territory if that holds true.
where alt-right and New Age mixes Asatru is a bit common.
Ice lollies, ice cream cornets, fresh fruit (mostly berries and apples) ...
OTOH everything below ~35 is easily bearable, bitching about 28°C is a bit
Crumbs: get some butter into a pan, throw in some breadcrums and sugar (I'd say about 2-3:1 ratio should be _plenty_ sweet), roast until they are nice and golden brown
I think our equivalent are german tourists getting killed by cows
Probably just throwing everything on the back seat of their Walmart-trolley and later in the bed of their pick-up truck?
Everybody knows that Ukraine is not trustworthy.
Amnesty International is not a controversial source when it comes to slavery and other human rights abuses
Driving licences, post, bank or tax cards are not accepted as valid travel documents or proof of identity
We have so much shit on our plate
It always baffles me, that so many US people rant about it
> But since Bavaria is more Austrian than German
I have multiple family members that often stayed for decades in African or Arabian countries as engineers for European companies.
For Vienna I can't think of anything atmospheric off the top of my head, but in general probably some 80's Austropop or Falco
small budget: usually no importantvoice acting -> ger
yeah but because L2-speakers always try to overcompensate and don't care to take the same shortcuts that a native would
I mean, we often tell Americans that they should at least learn hello/please/thanks in the local language
But as my wife does not like flag flying and has hidden the flag, I doubt I ll do it this year
No, that stands for "All the world is subject to Austria" (Alles Erdreich ist Österreich untertan or Austriae est imperare orbi universo)
Or you know, being a part of the Austrohungarian Empire for about 400 years
if you want a detailed explaination of what has happened so far i recommend googling for riseup warrant canary.
The rampart looks like a natural hill, but really it's an artificial earth wall that was constructed by some Celts ~3000 years ago
- A Bulgarian pacifist
Science problem 2: Malicious textbook authors
A friend of mine is also from northern Slovenia and he said his grandfather was German speaker
Jessica Lange in American Horror Story: Freak Show
Austria usn't quite right
(death statistics are from 2016, smoking statistics are from 2015)
People sometimes joke about Sebastian Kurz because of the cult of personality surrounding him
Your Jonathan Frakes
Well, there's a guy like that in the book too
I see, you have truly grasped the concept of Austrianness
They‘re great
Of course not, as a Hufflepuff, I was very happy to help out.
It's impressive that locals can deal with that, my inner clock would be completely off
(postponement of the redial of the run-off for the federal president)
But it is not to be compared to the German one
A physics teacher in HTL (school for the Last 5 years of school with more emphasis in tech)
"Hev we told yu about ze Blitzkrieg
Cubic decimeter of granite or something
Is he the guy who flies planes
Joined Gundam research agreement coming up
I mean pretty much all of our grandparents and great grandparents were pretty much a bunch of assholes, commiting all kind of atrocities, especially during WW 1&2, and tbh it won't be a big loss for the world to see a generation raised by racism and overflowing nationalism gone
After WWI, they even held a referendum whether to join Switzerland or not
Though Bavaria is actually bigger in terms of population
-**standard bag of medicine
Radetzky was a member of a cosmopolitan class of people within the empire who are not easily classifiable
Are there any official communication channels from the EU commission, that give details about what that deal will most likely include, or what has been negotiated so far
I gib da glei a Lapperl
another interesting one, sushi has only become a widespread dish in Japan since after the introduction of uninterrupted cooling logistics
If you travel by plane you might be sent back, if you don't you won't even get close to the NL border unless you're swimming.
** missed it sorely in big cities in south east asia
But the rest of the country IS a backwards hellhole xD
The FPÖ has softened it's anti-EU rhetoric in recent time and according to polls Austria staying in has a 40% lead, so I don't think a Hofer win would cause much of a crisis.
Is that impression true
Competition by cheaper manufacturers from China is strong, capturing the "I don't care I just want a cheap phone to call my grand kids" crowd
Then it won't be a problem at all.
then i can understand the tripping
From Portugal to Ukraine these "traditional clothings" all superficially look kind of similar.
Except Beer, 25€+ for a six-pack is criminal
Looking at the hydraulic press channel stuff, yeah Finland definitely has a certain eastern European vibe to it.
Basically, it's just wasting a vote
All the best and lots of strength
us logic, parties are condensed to their respective leaders, the actual political movement gets sidelined
The [Kruckenkreuz] symbol of the dictatorship 1933-1938
It is a commonly agreed upon social norm, that at >1000m over Triest people are as a rule always per Du (informal/intimate *you*), not per Sie (formal/distant *you*) when adressing one another, regardless of age, social standing, provenance, or anything else
If I remeber correctly there is also a chase through some backyards and alleyways etc and they look so American
That stuff holds months, if not over a year if you store it right
why use 3 maps when you could use 1
3rd
I am sure he will return somehow, they always find ways
The land between the lake and mountains was sparse, and the town itself exhausted every free patch of it.
good youtube channel about the topic: [bald and bankrupt]
Only for medicine, psychology or Fachhochschulen (universities of applied sciences) you have to do an entrance exam
Same goes for Germans ofc
r/KochenundKulinarik hätte Potential
Uhm
You just have to credibly prove that the chosen name is, well, a name
In Austria it's the [State of Vorarlberg] in the very West.
I'm not sure how true this story is
Turns out one is French, and is what we call in German *Haschee*, and is probably related to *faschieren*. The other one, *hashish*, comes from Arabic
The cakes look all the same to me.
Just one dish explains it: Deep fried Mars bars
Well that is the effect modern media logic has had on politics
A party with tens of covicted politicians - a lot of them because of sedition or "Wiederbetätigung" which stands for "re-engagement in national socialist activities" - alone in the last 5 years
Dutch is german spoken by a drunk englishmen and written down by someone who had a stroke while doing so
Yeah, I'm waiting for those too
Still
And my mother, to her credit did not have an aneurysm with he walked on her carpet with them on
Then this happens:
If my mom baked and I‘m down I go with her apple pie, but mostly when I‘m sad I either don‘t eat at all or go with [Toffifee]
Have some fun but be prepared to take responsibility
But hear me out
This
There is no room for individuality or greatness, just like there is very little room for failure
That's not to say that there were no attempts to alleviate the situation
Well, sadly the most "patriotic" (I wouldn't call them that) turks always show up and basically say how great they are and how Turkey did nothing ever wrong.
I studied art at an international summer academy, and all of our projects were ours to take home after we were done with them
I like that
Where do you live
You should probably call your jalapeño-infused food "sharp", to not cause any misunderstanding :D
Yes praying mantises are specifically female here, even the males get called Gottesanbeter*in,* which is weird now that I think of it
Ketchup, mayonnaise, mustard, sweet and sour, I don't give a damn
Her party ended up excluding her from any public positions in the end; I think it’s obvious why
Which was not Germany or Austria but its own bishopric in its time
Well, I currently don't have any close American friends (lost touch with a few) so it wouldn't really affect my life on that level.
His book "Nachrichten aus einem unbekannten Universum" was great too
>Orbán doesn't actually want out of the EU, not while *he gets* lots of money from them anyway
Worked very well
One of their neighbors was shot dead when his window shutter jammed and opened with a loud noise, startling one of the soldiers
~~former is floor in the context of building levels; latter is projectile~~ see below
[here‘s a picture of it‘s evolution on the german wikipedia site
He also doesn't see why it would be weird if he - in the event he does get elected - would don the traditional sash of said brotherhood which is colored black/red/golden.
What about [the guy who sings about dumplings from Thüringen]
But i got incredibly angry when they made a huge cliffhanger at the end of season 3 and then decided to not make a 4th season
Vorstadtweiber, Soko Donau we dont really do anything besides crime shows
Princip's shot started it, but that wasn't yet war, just terrorism
Half of mosque associations ≠ half of Moslems.
There's some weak shit on TV around Fasching and I'm not too fond of our "Kaiser" (a show around the concept of the emperor of Austria talking with prominent people) but we got some funny stuff.
Also isn't an appropriated version of "Gott erhalte Franz den Kaiser".
>We usually just say "fuck it
Like we are still part of Bavaria.
Indeed, but he was german
"Daytona Beach" with a load of random English words also seems common to me
edit; I guess it's not to clean the sink
China
You can do many things with cold boiled eggs
\- a ("auch") meaning "also"
In Austria we don't really have that
Since my grandfather was a farmer called johann, his father was a farmer called johann, his father was a farmer called johann, ... that goes back 7 generations or so, and the head of my family moved not more then 50 km from the area we lived back then
Are the LR-EPP and the EM-NI close to eachother, that the predicitons give them in the 2nd close to all votes from eachother?
Well I could say basically the same about my visits to Prague (besides linguistics of course)
Except for Vienna
It's either Liezen or maaaaybe Graz if you'd ask me, they're a not that ugly but I'd say they are somewhat close
Zum Glück zeugen sie Flug und zeugen kein Feuer.
In 1832 the Austrian State Chancellor, Prince Klemens Wenzel von Metternich, was expecting guests and instructing his kitchen staff to create a special dessert for the occasion
Bavaria
Kacey Musgraves is my favourite.
Also lots of Celtic and Roman stuff
Well, when we went there we learned "and btw, the old Winnetou movies were filmed there" but it wasn't the reason to go there, but because it it a beautiful national park, the water makes it cool there even on a hot summer day.
Just imagine if someone would have to pay, even if just a part of it
Thank you, even though I am not directly affected the support I see on reddit and the internet in general really means a lot
Cause if so, then it's kinda amazing how it changed the meaning to be the exact opposite.
but that’s just my opinion
All masked people signify something: the rooster - fertility (if he jumps you it means you'll marry soon), the couple - marriage (they fight a lot, lol), the moss-man - the woods, the bear - hunting
I'm pretty fucking positive your average Swiss *can't* afford to travel by private jet
Are you guys all slaves to the brand?
Nope, the EU wants to force those laws on Switzerland even tho they are not even EU members.
Google just stoped linking them and in the end they got less traffic and less income
I use mine for years now, but don't have special feelings about it...
The young dude looks more Hungarian, true.
a few minutes ago but the Time says that they apeard hours ago.
Really, we aren´t mad at those Piefke
AFAIR These were created by someone from Frankfurt in Vienna, where butchers weren't split in the beef and the pork kind (whereas in Frankfurt they were which made the Frankfurter Würstl illegal in Frankfurt at the time)
Mark Rutte won the election with right-wing populism...
There were some very controversial and very swiftly indexxed [Neonazi games] in the early 90s that came from Austria and Germany
Now what makes this fun is actually adding more than two nouns
Below 10 and rainy is just miserable
... Empowered by the Germans
But what with the blood covered sheets and the transparency and the lack of proper address, how do you know you haven't counted most of them twice
> He won with a 73
agreed
>Orbán doesn't actually want out of the EU, not while *he gets* lots of money from them anyway
Yeah, I guess most European TV stations shared there kid shows and most of it was produced in cooperation with Japanese companies.
' and nothing more because the polite thing for me is then to answer in normal German but then I have to realize you don't speak (normal) German and everything gets complicated
(that still exists) is from 996
deleted that post, made a new one.
"du wappla
Real estate agents, followed by journalists
quite a lot - otherwise not so much
We just are
It actually tastes pretty darn good
There are literally hundreds of exceptions from the whole "no dual citizen deal" one(the most prominently) is, that you can keep your citizenship if you have it since childhood.
You add an e sound to the end for a count of 1 or between 5 and 19 (except for 7) and a ge for 20-99 (from where it skips 100 and restarts at 101 from the beginning), seven changes from siem to siewane for some reason, 4 changes from fia to fiare,  two and three don't have such a form (and therefor also 102, 103, 202, 203
I haven't heard that song in ages
Pretty good, the Dutch are probably the weakest (or at least most beatable) team from pot 1, Ukraine isn't a great team either and the potential playoff teams should be manageable as well
The first one sounds like “Wer hat Angst vor'm weißen Hai?“ (Who's afraid of the white shark?) [which is the politically correct version of “Wer hat Angst vor'm schwarzen Mann?“ (who's afraid of the black guy?)] in german.
Huh, didn't know that Inzko still has the job
We didn't have to carry our books around all day because for most classes the teachers came to our classroom, we didn't have to leave
if the tech were there, which most definitly isn't the case
I'm a German living in Austria and I'm already on it
&#x200B;
An Austrian that likes neither skiing nor soccer
Absolutely unplayable - Found my house but the basement is inhabited
Also for Austria: Es wird scho glei dumpa
yup, teeth are like stars - yellow and far away from each other
If you weren't geo-locked-out live, you can probably rewatch it for 7 days here:
just like the russians they would come to ski.
VERY active and big online community.
Coming from another single man btw
We should just let everyone who wants to cross god knows how many borders into Europe, coming from god knows where, do however they damn well please?
You mean, you are good at distinguishing between these countries, or you could just tell that someone is from *one of* these countries
It would be eventually since neither the GOP nor Trump would stand for this shit.
Also I knew that in some countries it was very uncommon to show flags or nationslity openly (such as my own), but I never would have thought them to be so many and that the Netherlands would be the exception
You know what's worse
I found Finns share the same sentiment towards Sweden, for example (but correct me if I am wrong)
No same-sex marriage in Austria.
or "Hintertupfing", but I dont know the origin of this expression
Criminals fleeing across state borders; police not having jurisdiction across community borders; sheriffs protecting "their" town
The US will want to screw the UK over and destroy the NHS through privatisation
Just like legal judgements, laws also have to pass a jury of US citizens who in a public forum get explained exactly what a law should do and they decide if they understand it.
1658 Skane was conquered, in 1814 Norway was lost, Schleswig in 1867 completely
glad you asked, I also just thought about that
If you buy concert tickets, only buy the at the official box office
Still GDP per capita
My hope is that this leads to a better climate in total, with right wingers realizing that just making outlandish claims and spweing hate is not enough to win elections without some actual program behind (Hofer was actually quite good in this regard most of the time) and the rest of the bunch being a bit more motivated and actually approaching their base again a bit more openly
I mean technically Poland was independent, although heavily influenced and controlled by the SU
Austrian dialekt numbers are of course build like the german ones but we have other bullshit when it comes to numbers
Even at the most upscale places it's usually under €4-5
Nah, this person would have lived it in the years after the assassination
gib back südtirol pls and we will start using your fancy ass fountains
Turkey intervened and landed troops on the island
Like anything else is even possible in a democracy.
I once had a side job on one of those archeological digs on a construction site right in the middle of town
Our professor was cool with as long as we didn't mix them up.
But not only my neighbourhood, is like that
Czechia is also cultural closer to austria then to most slavic nations,
I also think that Amsterdam kinda got that rep for how they deal with drugs in general
Named after the add campaign with the monkey on the skyscraper
Last year they bought the german lighting giant OSRAM
Lol, except "Wiener Neudorf" has existed under the name "Neudorf" for a lot longer than it has been called "Wiener Neudorf". They had to differentiate it from all the other Neudorfs when they organized the postal system
Not sure if Germany is the same
Bratislava, the capital city of Slovakia, is slowly but steadily growing and given how close it is to Austria, they are now building directly at the border (district: Nesto)
True, I like Italian pizza most, which isn't that hard to get with the amount of true italian restaurants in Austria
There the water is not always good
I'm usually much too hungover ...
Karl from habsburg: restores austria-hungary to get rid of hungarian dictatorship
Where did you get those wrong numbers?
I am a big supporter of minority rights regardless and wouldn’t mind a regional economical self-governance for the area which is overwhelmingly Hungarian, if that’s really what they want for the territory they live on
It's not like they are actually falsifying the data.
So basically you were 3 immigrants in a foreign country and one of you got upset over being called an immigrant
and you have a job
Yes
True, but US politics sadly dominate the internet
Red bull does the marketing and sell it internationally
I'd just take the current unofficial anthem: [I am from Austria - Rainhard Fendrich]
I am currently lying on the couch waiting for the Radetzky March
In Austrian we do the same, except you always go out drinking with the bride and get the groom to pay for everything to get her back
In your climate you might even have to store it longer than here
Wappler oida
Europe
I was actually pretty disappointed by Paris
Greetings, have fun
The divide is between those who play with German suited cards (Hearts, bells, acorns, leaves) and those who play with traditional 'French' cards (️️ ️ clubs)
Objective 1: film the meeting with hans-christopher streiche
same story as Hong Kong and Belarus
And Germany Piefkinesien
That you need a car
I wanted to take a taxi back to my hotel from the mall of Istanbul and the driver wanted payment in advance - he did exactly as you said, I think I handed him a fifty and he switched it for a ten
It depends on your definition
I forgot to mention that there a many different regional variants, I just listed the ones I eat most of the time
Well I guess Krampus would fall under interesting story
I suddenly have the urge to move to Romania
Wait, I thought you were against opening on sundays, but its really only being against it if its inconvenient for you
Not people who don‘t speak our language but Germans, who don’t speak our dialect, actually lol
Found a daily 3min News bulletin from Austria for you
Hallstadt
Should be common sense, but I've seen wayyy to many tourists doing this
You can only confirm a case if you actually test for it
But also winter sports fans
free public toilets are disappearing here too
- Basic-oxygen steelmaking, also known as Linz-Donawitz-steelmaking was developed in Linz, by a Swiss engineer
I sure still do write like that and most people in Austria do as well.
depending on your situation, the advantages can make up for it: nice wide doors and high rooms, central location, historic and nicely designed entrance and staircase
It's the same how it was still done in catholic church when I was a child.
on we decided that we wanted to see most of the city possible by walking.
I've never ordered Hahn or Huhn in a restaurant.
Usually it's the Party Leader of the strongest Party, but it doesn't have to be
For instance I'd never consider a German-speaking South Tyrolean an Austrian, even though they are basically indistinguishable from "our" Tyroleans
But I think an Austrian girl was about to be stoned for extra marital bullshit in Saudi Arabia.
Outside of fries I don't really eat potatoes
It is
Also, to add to that: For general ID purposes in Austria (getting into clubs, buying alcohol), we mostly use our driver's licenses as (almost) everyone has one if they're over 18
That's what makes her suited for the job.
kids nowadays have it better, recently saw that they have a "project week" where they'll learn about that stuff from various angles for a week, with lots of room to talk among each other with teachers, ask questions and also talk privately, divided by gender and all together; I found that was really really awesome
There is a kind of "hipster" trend to reuse german words where in recent decade an anglicism has been used more commonly: "Kapelle" for popmusic "bands", not just traditional music
it's an Austria/Germany thing
you mean judging by their gross domestic product?
I have said this in the past and i am gonna say it again: Turkey should in no way be allowed into the EU.
It stays totally out of the way if you don't need it, but makes it easy to write things like a capital ẞ, proper „quotation marks“ and »literary quotation marks«, proper en – and em dashes —, and ð and ſ and ⌀ and æ and ≠ and ‽ and ✓ and ålƚ tħë diăcrīṭiçs you could ask for
I'm not an asshole who wants to tell others who they are allowed to love, nor do I think it's acceptable to prosecute people just because they're holding a politically different opinion, unlike you and your hero.
Ah okay
First of all, nice that it worked.
[Wurstsemmel]
trucker Cassie is pretty cool
No, I don't think this will ever happen with any of the official languages of the European countries
All they want to do is solve the overpopulation crisis guys, why all the hate
We took the last train home, because its really just a moneydump
And try to find a clear concise answer to that
What has a concentration camp to do with European culture
The vocab section of our book had both American and British English.
Another word is "(sich) ausgehen", e.g.
>No, we are not populated by vampires
You really got a taste of Karma
What then happened can only be described as an overreaction from Germany and other Northern states
Chilly: -5C - 10 C
Usually the "Small" has more people
I don't fall asleep randomly but I can sleep if I want to even if it's not bedtime and even if I'm not very tired
We need to be able to plan and react in the European near abroad with military force and without help from others.
I would say the deciding factor is whether you seek citizenship or not.
Commodore/Amiga back in the 80s.
Recently read a story about a german moving to Vienna
I mean I KNOW you have great food, but whereever we went to, it was awful
The imperial rooms could be skiped if you also plan to visit Schönbrunn.
although having rewatched some of it recently i have to say it didn't age all that well
I'd say your special dumplings are those bohemian dumplings that get served to svickova
In der steirischen Sprache gibt es nämlich mehrere Phonetikregeln, die bestimmen, wie das geschriebene ü in der Sprache klingen muss
Wouldn't the school example only be realistic if we scratch our own languages and make it mandatory to all speak the same?
> The name isn‘t rooted to the latin form, but to the proto-germanic language
Well, but given how the US election and Brexit turn out.
I can 100% agree
Karas | ÖVP | 104 | **pro**
Alternatively you can read Werther by Göthe,
That must be the reason why people call us mountain germans?
In German the downhill skiing is called "Schifahren" and the cross country skiing is called "Langlaufen". I didn't even know until today that there is no extra word for "Langlaufen" in English
We have beautiful nature, mountains and lakes, decent cities and overall good healthcare and education
What's indicative of the alternate reality
I get it that it's nice and all, I just find i incredibly tacky and tasteless to celebrate a "holiday" that has nothing to do with you.
we have stronger privacy laws than that, for corporations at least.
Hey babe, those legs go all the way up?
It seems to be quite the location if you are looking to purchase cocaine
Hofer, since his party regularly is shown to be financed by Russia.
The longest Rodelbahn :D
Did they also make fun of their reddit name
I don't like him particular either, but I'll take him a hundred times over populism.
I saw a black guy back in the early 2000s and someone screamed banana eater at him
And they are definitly a thing during the cold season.
Switzerland seems right although many Swiss people would probably say Germany or France
As far as I remember in the old translation the Hobbits speak to "clean" compared to the English version but the new one sounded to modern
I wonder why the inhabitants made them so beautiful
Man the Latvians really like Austria considering all those Austrian flags there :^)
Wouldn't have taken him for a nostalgic type based on his art but I guess he was
And don't forget they are all cucks, homos and muslims.
Why
;) I actually read that comment before posting that one, didn't realize you were the guy
Let me [openly doubt that premise]
Austrian here: The *new" ss-ß rule
And also I‘d be a disrespectful bitch [it sounds nicer in our language] if I didn‘t go
First time I'm hearing about this
They have a well established history of spying on their friends and I don't expect it to get any better when that friendship ends.
Actually Austrian Tigers [look like this.]
Double Standards
The Napoleonic wars stopped the survey in that area.
To get a feeling of how it is [here's the episode 7 on YouTube] It's about the Anschluss
- Imperialism
The fascist flag had a cross similar to the iron cross on it
Persian culture and history is amazing
> (it loses the genitiv declination like many dialects do too)
We call the Germans *Piefke*
No, its not
Edit: It does
Liechtenstein was basically an appendix of the Austrian empire for the longest time
Admittedly I usually write in Umgangssprache, not proper standard, too
I think originally the majority there were natives.
Just saying that not everyone hates then, and people do use them
Maybe it takes
Kinda disturbing
At least have the decency to cut the image correctly
no but really, I honestly miss those when going abroad and having to deal with the other variants that are all either too flimsy or humongous
The first thing people would think of are "gypsies", and most of the beggars around here are assumed to be of such origin
Basically, after war when terretory was being declared, belgium insisted that a specific railway that both starts and ends in belgium, but passes german land, has to stay completely belgian
But regarding state and county legislation, why not.
The school I've attended always had a festival and an open house day, the whole school helped to organize.
The policy should have changed before summer of 2015.
That was before the unifcation
Germanic names, my grannies and their generation had pretty Germanic names that are uncommon today.
They did not say that those that did it weren't Germans
Corruption also isn't invisible, at least in the long term
Trotzdem wird uns vorgeworfen, uns nicht vergeblich geopfert zu haben
[That one is for you only]
Ignorieren wir österreich einfach mal
Counting from one to twelve (in dialekt):
I somewhat doubt that tabloid article as I'm not sure how/if a slavic expression about a place/mountain in Styria would have carried over centuries into modern German
Haha
President, which is a position with lots of power but in practice has been mostly ceremonial.
I kun da dazehln wea sell tuat...
So technically you could already work by 18
Like pretending to know shit, when you don't?
But the time between the burning of the palace of justice in 1927 and the transformation into a dictatorship 1934 was a wild ride
The Germans finally claim Hitler to be their citizen
If they are sure he was responsible for the ambassy fire
A Klafter is 3 Ster
I like to imagine Paris being the eifeltower
I don't think there is anything cheaper either and it tastes reeeeaaallly fuckin' horrible if you drink it pure.
in our heart (and theirs) we still belong together
Not really, even right now Germans are patrolling the border to Austria because of "the refugee crisis".
Can't really think of anything small that was blown out of proportion
Also Pfiff for 0,2l (or half a Seidl, varies regionally)
I would unironcially be in favour of restoring the monarchy if there was a real chance, but that ship has sailed forever
Those aren't even PMC, they are active serviceman in special ops.
My city Vienna got hit too a little bit
It's a safety issue that's been extended to the burqa.
Guilty pleasure song tho
It's not even really an issue actually, if there wasn't this one big misunderstanding: People keep saying "I'm Irish" when they actually mean "I have Irish heritage", because you're used to talking about heritage over there
See /r/Austria , for example
Yes
————
There is not supposed to be a big difference
And they're far easier to make than everyone says
Adding: In Vienna, you can take tours that take you to some spots where [The Third Man] was filmed.
super interesting insights, couldn't stop reading
for some reason, countries with a Chancellor get their own translation
Example: I live in the 3rd district of Vienna
They also are an autonomous region today, with an own parlament and President.
Really
Putin is evil, therefore Putin is evil
Here is a [version with English lyrics] if you turn on annotations
in most apartment buildings people have their own washing machine, not all though
"In your house" - yes - in the community laundry at the attic of my house.
Well, not really
estonia
And we are very thankful for it :) I love the Scots Dialekt but if you talk too fast I am doomed
My Balkan colleagues agree with you
- the public transport is shit, there's like one train going there per day
Nowadays they're defined as 0,3l and 0,5l but they're derived from pre-metric measurements
He himself is one of the most right-winged politicians in the center right party ÖVP.
Same here, plus this feeling of home that many here described
ca beschaeftigen sich ausschliesslich mit Mennoniten Plattdeutsch
Carrying is another license though
I'm a bit gutted we didn't get our own version of 'The Office'. Then again, it might be too similar to the German one
Same day as napoleon even
You are trying to appropriate the Styrian harmonica?!
Thats Austria
* 1803/1806 Austrian empire, now independent from HRE (which stopped existing)
Full control over military (hah, funny, as if we had one) and the government
In the rual areas where the portions are almost always huge it is very common
Not everything of course, but a lot
It's Geraeuschemission tho
*sarcasm off*
For us it's all about the 24th.
My town's history goes back quite some time
At the voting place, you have to show ID, so impersonation is nearly impossible.
While I do like Almdudler, I'm relatively indifferent towards Andy Borg (didn't even know who he was) and Tom Turbo.
Bro I would love to go back to Spain or Portugal or some warmer country
I assume he has seen the sea (he lives literally 15 car minutes from the coast), but I wouldn't even be surprised if he hasn't. With his almost 90 years he still has over 30 sheep that he looks after and he leads them onto their pastures high in the mountains
You cannot prove how you used EU money properly, you won't get any more money until you can
Which, funny enough, is something that Germans tend to do
one of the examples we don't even use ourselves, it's a derogatory demonym used for Austrians by Germans
Not a "trap" per se, but the whole inner city of Vienna has become a huge luxury mall full of international brand stores you can find in ever other bigger destination, too
Also asking for a signature and then a donation
yes, but the real nietzsche übermensch.
This time however they were right.
Good
The boy couldn't give consent so it's already rape.
I did when I was younger but now I can't be bothered anymore and I just *live* instead
Disclaimer: I can't accurately say how the church is here out of first hand, only from what I've heard from many others
It mainly says, there is no nobility anymore in Austria and no privilege of nobility
Tillola	FI
And "Welsch" is an old word for Italian or romance speaking people
Not sure when they stopped, but I don't think I heard any official statements like that since the 2005 shism.
"Hasta la mista, baby
In the beginning of18th century it was bought by a (then noble) family which overhauled it in baroque style and lives in it still now
I'm bad at beeing Austrian either
I know German politics enough to "categorize" the parties but I would not know her stance on most policies.
Regner | SPÖ | 91 | **pro**
I don't (am austtian)
people had this anticipation and then they got a couple new banks and supermarket chains plus some shiny office buildings and thats about it - or at least thats how its perceived
We have memorial stones for the fallen soldiers in WW2 in almost every village for example
A single nation stands no chance to combat the inequality caused by it because the capital will simply leave as it is way more mobile than people.
Welp, time for Americans to make fun of us for a change
Trying to force wolves to repopulate the area is dumb, because they'll never be able to live a natural life in our man-made environment
Same really with using "Grüß Gott" north of Bavaria.
*were expelled* is the emphasis here.
Those kids never turned into own country skiing tourists
Minority languages are among others: Albanian, Sorbian, Franco-Provençal, Friulian, Ladin, Sardinian, Corsican, Occitan, Breton, Basque, Catalan/Valencian, Galician, several Sami languages, Luxembourgish, Turkish, Arabic, several Romani languages, Russian, Yiddish, several Sign languages, as well as several immigrant languages such as Hindustani, Chinese, Tamil, Vietnamese, and several other unofficial or unrecognized minority languages with very small speaker communities, such as Irish Traveller Cant, , Judaeo-Spanish
Churchill was no hero either but at least he wasn’t as much as a puppet, unlike FDR
Pretty popular
This is pretty much just pronunciation, which in german tends not to match spelling
Everything nightmare level
1) if the smoking ban should be implemented or not (bring it on finally
We're also not funding perpetum mobile because it can be shown on paper that they don't work.
Tüte / Sackerl
Though my Dutch friends can follow standard German easier
And thanks for the laugh
I look up the German term and switch to the English article
Yeah, the tings we say about germans aren't a joke
Sidi Bou Said was beautiful but very touristy.
Literally the_Donald users who think every countries population has the same ideals & goals as the us.
I guess it stems from wars with the Kuruzen and Osmans
The city of Pilsen (where it was invented) is in Czechia in any case
There's a higher risk for inability to orgasm
But I think it's more of a generational gap
But I knew the basic grammar from Highschool
Arm in German means both Arm and poor (adj)
Also he's part of the conservative party, wich is also disliked by many
In **Italy** in my excperience it's like this: either you see people dressed like Armani models, or dressed super trashy
geht zur Post oder zur Bahn
Austrian history class is not much better than American history class, with the difference that ours focuses on how shitty our country is
Wenn ich Griechisch lesen wollen würde, würde ich ja wohl in einen griechischen Subreddit gehen
I can see potential for comic relief there
It’s not in German
it's just an in your face, dumbed down version of films like Taxi Driver for the 21st century audience
But it's not like the paper tickets are the only way
German native here, do you have one for me
You have *got* to be shitting me
More of like A Vatican situation in Rome then
Probably Turkey: they colonized large parts of Africa, Europe, the Middle East and Asia and ran a huge slave trade but nobody seems to care
Likely lots of people didn't want to say that they would vote for Trump, sort of how the FPÖ used to do worse in polls than in actual elections.
Furthermore, this confederation was already pretty loose
And a Big Mac let us make
Don‘t forget to order the Glenn garlic sauce
Nein
What gender do The Sun and The Moon have in your language/culture
Liechtenstein: Well
Foreign minister Figl [presenting the freshly signed state treaty] from the balcony of the Belvedere palace in 1955
I love snow and I have a little child - that its not snowing breaks my heart
IT would have been EU either way, they simply dont like Brüssel
Me, a closted pansexual, always feels weird when people make jokes about gay people, sometimes even people who _know_ I‘m pansexual and accept it
". And saying "Tüte" is just absolutely not a thing here
Some people allegedly visited Sölden because of the James Bond film.
Tell him the Dutch are big fans of Trump, really big fans
I am speechless
Traditions are held higher than progress
Can't even recall the last time I saw someone with it, but that doesn't mean all that much, since it's not really noteworthy either
(a turn which was sharp)
i liked the "cow of the river" memes, but they are just a austrian verion of panzer of the lake
And don‘t forget to drink water
1 per 100
or are there other reasons
**Switzerland**: thanks for the chocolate, being our neutral buddies (albeit a lot longer), and your accents
000 students
> estadounidense
Austria has like a 20 billion deficit with Germany.
Damn, what a creative itinerary.
* Peter Rosegger (Poet, Author)
I grew up in an Austrian village with 200 inhabitants and we'd call it going "into town" when we took the car to drive over three hills and past two villages to make it to the next one that even had a bakery and an ATM – but in this community we're still mostly university educated commuters working in the city, nothing bumhicksville-esque about it
Solidarity from Austria
you wont find a special place in europe ...
Look, I never said our tradition is being lost in favour for the 'scary brown people' ones, as you have put it so nicely.
In Annaberg/Melk, [here is an article in English] and [it's follow up]
Wait Sean Connery is the voice of Draco in the original
We are full of short place names like au (vorarlberg)
Fue muy impresionado de todo el pueblo
(Okay i am not that far away from the upperaustrian border but thats still an insult)
Not an expert but I've never heard that universities in Germany had a list of countries with different priorities when accepting them.
Ours is called "Matura prank" (Matura being the upper level high school finals/university entrance certification), and sensibly done *after* your final exams
AVL List is quiet large into engine Research and produceing test Equipment and powertrains
What
Recently was at a party in Berlin and they found my accent charming, so there's that
Looking at you, Spain
Honestly, almost everybody around here smokes
I am not surprised about that and I am also not satisfied with the slow and insufficient reaction from our politicians regarding the refugee crysis
Something with Casinos
But the main problem of todays social democratic parties is them buying into the neoliberal turn of the 1980s and them stopping to address concerns like housing, equal wages, etc
I' good with Dreibier
[Gebrüder Marx - Piefkegschropp]
In the fridge, both in stores and at home
I get something on the way home to eat at home and I have never seen hordes of people eating in parking lots in the US either
She says it's like people have not yet fully accepted her.
Upper Austria actually
He is the main dev, his vision and beliefs influence the game
000
Overnight our ethnicity transformed miraculously, with time travel to alter our history, culture, genetics and language or some such.
Then we should have hardly any refugee crime, because their cost of living is paid by the state.
". Just one example that comes to my mind, I am sure there are many others
But the USA gov
Flood Slovenia and let that Austrians handle it
The Nazi card has been so thoroughly overplayed that it has lost any sort of meaning.
No, you're using Erdogan to excuse European hatred for Turks.
When traveling with train is either too expensive or it takes longer than a 24h day
Otherwise, maybe Mietauto (rental car)
I’m not really in the situation you described, however, I have a very strong connection to Iceland (I’m from Austria)
A good schnitzel doesn't need any sauce
Sweden Would be the guy that has a long lasting hatred for his neighbor (Denmark) that no one seems to understand
So, no change needed imo
Ich hab' nie eine ganze Sendung angeshen, nachdem ich einmal ein Interview gesehen habe und nicht lustig oder interessant fand.
> It didn't happen/ they deserved it
„mit der leeren Tasche“ (with empty pocket)
Good for you, perkelebois
One of the worst things
For those who speak German: [There is a funny video about this madness] made by German satirist and member of the European Parliament Martin Sonneborn.
Even "Tschüss" sounds way too informal to me, always made me queasy when I heard it being used in business settings
) for putting up with our hordes of drunken tourists every year
There were some where I can't find an unbaised and/or english article so here is a funny one:
You are spot on with the etymology btw
UK should do a union jack passport.
Sei doch kein Muselmann, der ihn nicht lassen kann
I'd be very surprised if the EU allowed any chlorinated chicken to reach the continent this time
I think Austria is one of the few European countries that have a North Korean embassy and for example North Korean passports are printed by the same company that prints austrian passports (company is owned by the state)
Lithuania - Litauen - Lietuva - Wilna (Vilnius) - [European Africa, but has the coolest coat of arms]
Are you sure stayed properly in the lineage etc
Austrian newspapers reported that the strongest force in continuing discussions with Turkey was apparently the UK.
You add an e sound to the end for a count of 1 or between 5 and 19 (except for 7) and a ge for 20-99 (from where it skips 100 and restarts at 101 from the beginning), seven changes from siem to siewane for some reason, 4 changes from fia to fiare,  two and three don't have such a form (and therefor also 102, 103, 202, 203
I just don't think those people will be better off at the end of his term, for a plethora of reasons I don't really want to argue now.
So it is the logical conclusion that people vote for or against certain faces
As news_doge said, depending on the countries involved, people with double citizenship also can't vote where they don't have residency.
Around 1800, during the era of fin-de-siecle or shortly before, at the height of the Danube Monarchy, when Vienna was a cosmopolitan hotspot
It *was* part of Germany
Neither terrorists nor criminals used those kind of weapons
Geh wäh, den find ich gar net gut dort
Its just because the harsher sounds of Hochdeutsch just don't lend themselves well to what my tongue is used to, and I have to on-the-fly translate some words and phrases that are not normally used in standard german
etc
Da war mindestestens a Babyelefant dazwischen
A few years ago I bought lots of *Schwedenbomben* sweets when the company was going bankrupt
Giving these people room to express their views takes up time, space and resources that could go against something productive as well as actually ligitimizes their concerns about the evidence presented
The only annoying people are some German tourists
not really forgetting about it, it’s merely slipping my mind bc I barely have to think about it
You would usually find schools where they teach the romanian curricula almost fully in German or in Hungarian
For some regional stuff, or local celebrities it's better than the English one
ICE, TGV, Raijet, Pendolino...there are many high speed trains in Europe.
At least not to my knowledge
University usually starts at 18 for women and 19 for men because of the mandatory military/civilian service
It stands at the very center of the city
Last updated speak of 7 deceased, there are multiple videos online
* roman (Roman = novel)
Also, thanks for having a cheap Airport in close proximity (BTS)
And I don‘t even live in a city
Any zombie movie where people use lots of fire weapons and finde insane amounts of ammo
Well surely nobody lives there by now right?
(last election: 21,2%, 40/183)
The federal level wanted it gone but state and local government were against it as was a historical commission tasked with the evaluation of how to use it best.
* signature and photo
We have a few:
Yeah, but most people didn't think that far, e.g mouth of the king
that's why you should fire the net gun asap, the vest just makes sure you don't start dying as soon as he starts firing.
*laughs in alpine climate*
Sweet Mustard (Kremser) is the best condiment for fries - fight me
Is this one of those, Britain will stay in EU things?
we europeans have neighbors
That's how it was in my school because I decided to take human sciences and not natural sciences.
Ten at the moment
Having better things to do has nothing to do with being important
I have no idea whats written there!
There are reruns on TV all the time on German channels, but I wouldn't call it *as* mainstream as in the US.
Braunschlag (2012 tv show)
Like ... do people expect like 2 years of quarantine or what
15K official members over the world, plus more hired people and volunteers
Neither did all the wars in the Middle East cause a war with Iran.
Looks quite straightforward to me now though
Vitoria-Gasteiz is
The word is also used in Spanish though
It could be that most of these companies are founded and run by a family that were formerly trade people
Okay
Do they check your ass if a dick ever inside it?
But not only my neighbourhood, is like that
The TV station found out, that there was no official visit to the parliament and the police did not know anything about the attack Hofer claimed to have witnessed
This should be the only comment in this thread (with a shit-ton of up votes).
And if you look very closely, in each of those 5 valleys you can see the South African Corona mutation waiting for you
He didn't actually indicate he believed she was toast before reading this, and you didn't correct him, you basically called "the gentleman" an igorant idiot.
I have had very short hair all my life so I'm not judging.
* no silent u-s, so it's color etc
Tell him in Germany you have to clap 3 times when you fart
It won't work with these right wing idiots like Farage,Hofer,Wilders,Le Pen, etc who want the nation states imperialist times back.
Now the reason for this risk is economic mainly - as such countries like Croatia and Poland will soon be included into the ESTA program (they have a refusal rate of around 5%) while Bulgaria and Romania have around 11-15%
hey, at least they could start their planes or something..
Probably Australia - it's hot, flat, an island and so on
> To my knowledge, we didn't cross a Slovenian border crossing yet, but we did cross the geographical border for sure
I just entered "ATM" in Google Maps on their phone and they were amazed by that
Greekness wasnt tied to genetics and one genetic group until very late
You are looking at an even coating of dough, maybe half to a centimeter thick
Many small springs don't need/have constant desinfection
German dubs are usually quite good though
Somehow the people are a little old-fashioned, mixed together with futuristic and crazy behaviour.
Zebra crossings look different in Vienna than in the rest of Austria, the climate is dryer than where I live, in the east it's really flat, there are grapevines growing (which I always associate with holidays), the trains are different (e.g. ÖBB 4020), the infrastructure is on a much bigger scale, etc
My Father and grandfather always joked about northern Austria being Potatos-End and living like Tolkiens Hobbits in a small protected beautifull area between the two courtains
15°C is the funniest temperature, because some guys will still be wearing shorts and some guys will already wear winter coats lol
We're in the transition phase of adapting to a self inflicted rapid change of our environment
Satire from a few weeks ago here: The first one is from Daniel Jokesch, not sure bout the other one
A great and very interesting question.
Lloret de Mar is a city, Thailand is a country
&#x200B;
Vienna is still a safe city despite the influx of questionable individuals.
It's a very famous book for children in Austria
As an Austrian, I wouldn´t know how to define it
Yeah me too
Don't get me started on that goddamn Austrian gas station
hehe, first I had to look it up to make sure there was no special u-after-g-but-not-ü rule coming into play; the finer points of Spanish orthography can get tricky for me (especially when you throw Catalán into the mix)
It's mostly the 24 hour news coverage
We do
Only found the statistics separately so:
I love traveling by train
I had 2 parents stay once for my kid's party
It helps that a lot of Turkish people descend from assimilated Greeks of the region
Pas de Calais= strait of Calais (= Dover Strait)
El queso es viejo y potrido
>as far as I know most Germans have no problem with Austrians
Depends on what "global power" means
Sad to see us Austrians missing, as our beer is clearly above all ;D
> 1) why did they google my name
And it definitely gives publishers the argument of "look at the directive, the EU says it should be this way if we can't agree on something else
Other than wartime stuff and controlled explosions (tearing down buildings or in mining), probably an accident inside a FLAK-tower in Vienna 1944
which seem rather similar to Æthelbert
One great grandfather got wounded in Stalingrad and flown out with the last plane before it all went down
I used to love the sound of Spanish, and I still do, but ever since I speak it fluently, the feel is different, because there's so many other things I can concetrate on other than the sound
I'm in
Even more when for balancing reasons countries get banned and rules get set, but then you'd have lets say France, Austria, Spain unconditional Aliance at day1, it would certainly lead to some stupid imbalance.
Didn't they even create an app where you can "anonimously" track your contact with other people
I'm trying not to be so judgemental about it
So you're saying a fleet of old timey galleons with enough cannons could take Malta
Not "weird", but rather really good and unusual/rare: Pumpkin seed oil potato chips.
**Potato/Bread dumplings filled with:**
Bregenz: don't know, have never been
I think my grandparents generation named every female cat either Muschi or Minka...
Oh well, then it is a regional thing :) here it is not possible
I would say it's a bit too optimistic view, the "muslims don't belong here" is one of the main points of all the alt-right parties wiht hugh rises in popularity in western europe
org or dict
Because we're not talking about ethnicity in this case, but about countries.
I didn‘t even know that Austria actually invaded Poland during (or after
" So kommts dann zu solchen verrückten Geschichten und nach wie vor andauernder Dollfuß-Verehrung (oder zumindest kritikloser Mythenbildung) innerhalb der ÖVP
The occupation isn‘t really taught in school in too much detail, the books mostly focus on the Staatsvertrag in 1955, but it is definitely something that has been preserved in the collective memory of the village
Minced beef liver mixed with bread crumbs and spices
Imagine France or the UK or the whole EU cutting the aid as well.
If you're taking the car to go to Ljubljana from Vienna, you could also stop in Graz.
Well
The younger ones tend to be more fanatical pro Turkey because they have never seen the country and feel the need to prove that they are real Turks
Or is that a contentious topic as well
I kinda get that Vienna isn't far off from Munich, but I don't get why they wouldn't use Vienna considering it's the second largest German speaking city.
They tried to imitate Mussolini, the OG fascist
Just today as I was going out on a ride, I almost got hit by a car cutting me off during a turn into a bike lane as I was leaving the regular road
It's mostly the older people (like 40+) who are still very conservative
the e-id part (and Handy-Signatur) is slated to be replaced by a proper eu-wide e-id though
It has worked in the 70s&80s. I do reckon some things changed since then but it's not like it hasn't be done before and was proven to work
with a photographer's eye for amazing high views of the city (especially at dusk or evening).
We regard the Swiss closer to you guys than to us, because there isn't much of a relationship between Austria and Switzerland funnily enough
Enough said
Funnily enough the shunned phrase "bis zur Vergasung" is from the First World War, not the Second
) Either way, at this point it's not an Empire, not in an Empire and it's not really the noteworthy farthest east of anything in particular either as far as I know
And because of that we have a word for e v e r y t h i n g. There‘s no thing that doesn‘t have a german word
I only had one scary encounter in Vienna but that was in the city's poorest district
The best thing about denmark is the small hippie-zone of kristiania somewhere in copenhagen
However some never move to the city, especially farmers kids who tend to continue their parents farms
There‘s a little bench in the middle of the lake where you can sit on in winter and scuba dive down to in summer
Karl from habsburg: haters gona hate
My brother found an 80sqm apartment for 320k. 13th district
All I can say is that if you are in Austria and say any Austrian ist German you can be happy if you get out of here alive
We went past a school and it seemed like PE class was held outside (it was something like -5 or -10°)
Walls are made out of bricks, not air interspersed with small wood beams.
Select fire means, you can switch between full-auto and semi-auto
As far as I remember that case, it was the grandmother who alerted authorities; the mother herself is member of a radical mosque, wears a burka and watched ISIS videos at home with her daughter.
Author explanation of that map:
"Steiermark", comes from the city of Styer and it being a "Mark" (march
Yes there are many good pastries and cakes here, but it is one of them
(Verb is first place so it‘s a question
They are the ones with the disadvantage.
Kurt Waldheim 1918, St
Andaluzes and Napolitanos are the same culture
I've encountered quite a few people who unironically said that Austria is fully responsible for WW2
Mentality: Czechia, Slovenia, Hungary and Italy
people smoke a lot more than in the US in public.
and we get beethoven in return yay!
Girlfriend's mum went ballistic (here in Bucharest) screaming "Cu Tremur!
Viennese don't know "dem land tirol die treue" (loyality to the state of tyrol, or something like that, it's hard to translate)
Did you read the interview (OP posted a translation)?
> and/or only over short distances
I know, Soleimani caused many deaths, but still, you can't just assasinate him
I thought we'd have at least 24 hours of panic.
Butterfly House
If you're a foreigner and learn german here it's gonna be somewhat dialectal anyways.
just burn it and replace it with austrian towels to assemble doninace
By now I think I‘ve learned to pronounce most of the english words (sometimes „three“ makes me stumble) but I remember avoiding using „thorough“ for  years because I couldn‘t pronounce it
Using international/US based categories for regions with a system that very different results in "bad" prejudices even if the education itself is better
This happened in Austria a month ago
For example, a couple of weeks ago, the volunteers (high school age) on night shift at our local EMT station point baked several cakes for the staff when the calls were down, just because they could
No other language makes you feel desired no matter whats said
I love how Finland is communist
Seems like there was a lot of roman influence in addition to Germanic/Celtic
i thought first year print letters, second year cursive was universal
In my dialect we have the word Biechl.
However, this was all taking place March 12th to 15th of this year
Stupidity doesn't hold in court and isn't a legal defence in any form
Wonsdt den dialegt nima lawast don legst an däu fon dena cultua ob und wiasd zum stinknoamalen preisn wie jeda ondre
Innsbruck: very expensive, paradise for wintersports, sorrounded by mountains, university city (population: 130k/students: about 35k)
America truly is first
So maybe you dont have to be constantly pregant before 27 ^^
so much so Austria issues multiple passports for certain people so when they visit certain countries they don't get pulled up for having "unfriendly" stamps showing.
The atrocities of the Austro-Hungarian army in Serbia seem to be almost entirely unknown nowadays
What part of "current western civilization" do you guys not understand?
The court just said now that preferring a less qualified person because of gender is discrimination no matter if the person is female or male
It is not a purely geographic definition, it is more akin to say a state is deep south in the US or dixie
However, even as an atheist(not on paper though) I have had mostly good experience with those lessons because I've always had good teachers
Depends how old you are
Such ideas centered around the English language are funny
A 40% lead strikes me as pretty damn safe.
At least that's what native speaking friends as well as my teacher told me
It almost feels like its own city-state with its own (social/cultural) rules
[True, but it's a bit more nuanced than that, since there were even state officials that were openly gay and there wasn't a clear line until Stalin criminalized it again
Hochdeutsch ü,
Its really eary to read Austrian and German newspapers of the time cheering on these atrocities as "good christianfolk exterminating red rats"
• The hours
Vicky is fun too
No one speaks it here, but we easily understand it when reading (just kidding)
But then again, what is Western Europe, Eastern Europe, Central Europe not even the Scandinavians can sort out what ultimatly encompasses their region
But then again, what is Western Europe, Eastern Europe, Central Europe not even the Scandinavians can sort out what ultimatly encompasses their region
But that's exactly what it does
they basically blamed it all on Nazi-Germany and convinced the allies that Austria was a victim in the war (which is absolutely not true) and that and neutrality is what got Austria its freedom
Schwoaze Gfrasta
Same here
Well what was your favourite wine
for the huge amount of friendliness we expect very deep and long-lasting interest and a meaningful relationship
[This] is his most popular song for anybody wondering
After that, I asked for stories from the Mickey Mouse magazine (mostly the Duck stuff) until I could read that and Lucky Luke/Asterix & Obelix myself.
Oh the tabloids are allready making fun for him for that
But all the tax money that facebook brings into Europe
The narrator almost sounds like Christoph Waltz at some points.
Oh hab der und das verwechselt
After that, he was later transferred to a camp in France where he stayed until some time 1946, when he returned home to Austria
That's the problem with most of these "English proficiency" ratings - they usually use the answers of people who already take a test and are willing to improve their skill
They would probably have it
The question wasn't what Google says, it was what your school said
As a kid you don't really think whether a character from a cartoon has this or that nationality
Yeah but it's going to be the only long term solution anyway
No it's definitely not an American thing
Nowadays I know that I was just in a middle class bubble in the countryside where I've never seen real poverty
It would have been different if they would have used other arguments
" is pretty lazy for someone working in a specialty wine shop
I don’t think that the people of the US or the UK are the enemy
In a serious setting you're absolutely right.
It claims that the Austrians sent their supplies to the city of Karansebes while the cavalry should keep the Ottomans at bay
Under 20° would be cold to me
I'm a grown man now, but still, sometimes when I walk alone in the dark I still involuntarily imagine it waiting for me behind a tree or a corner
She travelled a lot but [Gödöllő] was one of her favorite places
True, but Europe or at least the EU shares a common set of values expressed in the Charter of Fundamental Rights and the Lisbon treaty.
The rest of Austrias history it hasn't.
Austria is the Latinized name for Austria, usually used in Romance languages
„Sie haben Uns einen rosaroten Essig vorgesetzt, den sie Schilcher nannten
Both forces were unified as police with much of the Gendarmeries tradition beeing integrated
The taxes from the sales would create a lot of money which are needed for budgets like health care, education and pension
Müller is germany as far as I know
[Satire] Perfect solution: Scotland and Switzerland to swap places after Brexit
We have it in Austria too
When I started smoking at 13 I never had problems buying cigarettes
There are some important variables OP didn't give:
Especially the time when it was the border between the Ottoman Empire, Venice, Austria and the Italian principalities
we had it once on Christmas Day, but I don't think we bought it live
It's actually more like 5%, but just taking percentages is never the correct way, you should look at the spread of them.
Immigration won't be stopped and message won't be sent.
A large portion of Austrian police have assault rifles in the car
Not every city has decent bike paths
This is unfortunate
An AC Viennese Version would be lovely
It‘s the black eagle
for me the most curious thing is that there's a space for two last names :)
Because Schwarzi just doesn't have the same ring to it
In the neue mittelschule (Age 10-14) you get thought things like typing, navigating on pc, saving/opening files, basic word/excel/powerpoint , send/read emails and things like that
What happend
mit dem dielakt ja
i guess it's actually more along the lines of "whatever")
So yeah, we've got a lot to do, but I'm crossing fingers that we get a less right-wing and more progressive government sometime, that will help with that, among other things
I hope I didn't sound too harsh with this.
Just like the label racist has lost its edge for a lot of people because it gets thrown around all the time.
Just a little heads up: EU citizens can vote on a local level *everywhere* in the EU, if they have their permanent residence there
If it helps you, I wouldn't take arms for Germany.
[I guess this would be the oldest near me]
Tschick
Hard to find anything in in English about it, when i look for it, I only find stuff about how the British would feel about a deal like that
Lastly it is a good test on how serious you actually are, similar to a marriage (which also often is considered quite singular in western societies)
I have chosen the two nearest points in UK and Switzerland and it's 127h (
You have just acquired the lovely town of Vitoraz.
** missed it sorely in big cities in south east asia
There is this brand of egg containing pasta that really pushed this agenda and a lot of people really believe now that this brand is superior because of eggs
The myth is about Figl
Gonna need a source on that, buddy
Flemish is Dutch
[The aqueduct
Depending on how you shift the verb it becomes an exclamation or a question too:
This is really not a pleasant mental image.
So technicallly only half of Croatia is in it
Hello little one :3
What I can think of is that the "lein" in Fräulein or Kind-lein is used to belittle something, similar to "Chen"
Emphasis mine
Üter
I just received an SMS yesterday, telling me that I won 2,000,000 pounds from some kind of coca cola raffle.
I definitely don't want them here in Austria
It also is one of 10 European zoos that are able to have pandas
A e? I a.
Jugendtickets are different
To my knowledge, wel just means good
Whatever floats your boat, as long as you don't want to force me to make it float mine.
It depends how Germany implements the directive on their national level
Hebrew - it’s a lot of fun to learn but at the same time a lot harder for me than the other languages I’ve learned because of the script and the fact that the vowels are not written, plus tons of prefixes and suffixes for prepositions, tenses and such
So long as half the Nationalrat (the chamber of parliament that is responsible for enacting laws) is present and 2/3 of the present deputies actually vote for the law in question, you can make any topic whatsoever part of the Constitution (unless it is in violation of the "Grundprinzipien der Bundesverfassung"
Vocals normally are a distraction to that, and I try my hardest to listen to them as just another instrument (which is made easier tremendously by the fact that most songs are in English, and as a non-native, I can choose to kind of blend out the meaning of words most of the time)
They definietly are opposed to any form of nuclear energry
Ah ok das ist interessant, dankeschön
The steel plant in my home town went from 24k employees to 6k in 20 years while doubling production.
As no one has found an acceptable answer before, the next best thing is to be defensive.
Also many people in eastern Europe have German as their second language
* Bars/Restaurants
and warehouses
And we all have winter tyres on our cars (they are mandatory for these road conditions)
Edit: Nokia sells directly to their customers, I've bought a Phone from their Website ;)
If you are still believing in the public uprising bs, I pitty your naivety.
Fewer and fewer actually believe in the religion portrayed by churches and those who are left will die with their beliefs, no matter what the church is doing
This motivates their own voters as well as everyone who wants to prevent it
I have to call my mum that the next time i come home, i want a Beuscherl!
The Bavarian granny of my wife always makes this cake, it's some kind of buiskuit-cake
You have to bend the card around one or two corners
There was no point
now that's a name i haven't heard in a long time...
Completely
- Angola
The shower smelled like a swimming pool
Left for school at 06:10 and came home (10hday) at 17:30
tourist area (does not have to be a tourist trap, just a place that gets tourists) = pay toilet
I WAS CHOSEN BY HEAVEN
interestingly, the same also is true in the other direction
The most mind-boggling thing is that so many pro-Brexiteers were, and *still are* of the opinion that the UK has an advantageous negotiating position
If we benefit from the others' benefit, then that's obviously better for us.
Also: Brexit and 350 millions per week bullshit
Oh no
[Also, we should never forget this one
Ridiculous
The nicholas gives a small speech and then children say poems they rehearsed
With increased demand however they'd have to hire someone
Living here (Vienna, in my case) is great, I don't see any problems because the city is "old". Infrastructure works really well and is looked after regularly
Their golden goose of Brasil, their biggest and most important colony became independent and they were at risk of being annexed by Spain
I guess it's a little bit like the situation in Wales in that respect
lol no
There is a theoretical and practical exam, you need to be a good shot at clay-pidgon shooting f.ex.
Opinion polls are plenty though.
it’s a thing you take into adulthood
But its not and this is why we need to create more awareness
H&M and all the other stores have them aplenty in their stores
Then have some articles of dfferent dates
Care to explain why you think some of us don't like you
Btw, Austrian tongue-twister even difficult for natives:.
The exact etymology isnt known, as far as I can tell
[Ähem]
It would be just as dishonest and weird to claim any specific dialect as the "Austrian" way as it would be to use the Standard one
We did once spot two [F117 nighthawk] And actually managed to reach them with the mighty Draken.
Your distinct American freedom-stench is a dead giveaway for them.
Regel 2:
I didn't know that, was there a recent change?
And almost everybody else around us for using nuclear power and building plants close to our border
I guess the startup population simply used to be smaller in general compared to Europe, also famous people more likely will have some wealth that helps their kids, grandkids etc.
Outside the single market and Britain wants to run a low tariff strategy.
Not because those younger people know more about the topic, but because they are curious themselves, and kids can talk about sex stuff more openly with someone more or less their own age
The imperial system
Habidere (literally translated: have the honour
Der / Das Joghurt
Yeah, both words are also related, English gift is related to "give". And German poison is Gift, because it's something you "give" someone (without their knowledge ideally)
And they really deserve it
Where do you live
Sandu Ciorba - Pe cimpoi
I understand that going on holiday and actually living somewhere are two completely different things, but still
The multi-ethnic Habsburg empire was stylized as the #1 bad guy in Europe while overseas millions of non-Europeans were indiscrimitely slaughtered and enslaved
Sei doch kein Muselmann, der ihn nicht lassen kann
Even Chruschtschow asked Austria to remove it after they went through De-stalinization but so far we've at least put a plaque under it to think of the victims of Stalins politics
Nope, never heard of that guy, I barely ever use Youtube
I literally said that some are more biased than others.
Well, they're not the ones causing the most trouble, are they?
Griaß di
Rarely I'd say
That line of defense was and is absolutely absurd.
Those are the people from the whole african continent that traveled to libya.
There was this very unfortunate episode where Daesh amassed hordes that pushed back the Syrian troops that had recaptured it and then went to complete the destruction of some of the historic sites
You're supposed to say 'Oh, Kaiser
Controversial topics, eg
It's really lovely
Thanks Czechia for making such good beer
It's not placed super prominently
Except for those cases where it would round down instead of up
It's more, this article says 6500 died so far
Really good comment
They even managed to make the sugar free version taste good
The pronoun, in this case ei/ele oleiau, is (like in Italian) optional and mainly used when you need to avoid a confusion in the sentence
France (culture, whole history of Europe, important aristocratic ties)
Yeah me too
Mozart was born in the Independent Bishopric of Salzburg
Thanks for that
3) Yes I am male, so what
He was in some of the worse battles on the eastern front and he fought in Stalingrad
Come to Bang for the buck austria ;)
If it's to large for a trailer i let it deliver by a flatbed
I liked the episode of the Gilmore Girls, where Rory's rich grandparents have some guests over from the Netherlands, a young girl and an older gentleman I think, and they don't speak a single word of English
Due to that, it could not be guaranteed that anyone with a postal ballot could have a valid vote, since any envelopes that opened before they could be counted would have to be discarded, so we postponed the election.
You don't speak English and Greek
Hulabalu by Andreas Gablier ️
It got to the point where the citiy had to limit the amount of busses allowed to enter the city
you never heard about the netherlands didn't you
> your university is not even aware of their true legal power, they could claim 100% without even passing a new regulation
Turns out it's just mashed and fried potato buns
I remember those videos and I've studied them.
Asti	IT
Yes ... this is the reason why I explained it to him
In elemtary school there is a subject called "Sachunterricht", it's mixture of history, geography, biology and physics.
) Wikipedia articles are written by people who also made books targetted at students
Is the fact that you have to follow EU rules without having a say in it not a big deal for you
Haha I'm so sorry, I removed the BCS a few seconds after I wrote it but you still caught it
Opening the lock in case i forget my keys inside is probably roughly as expensive as anything someone would actually steal from my apartment, and roughly 200 times more likely
There are many quite rural regions that managed to build up some remarkable industries that keep even well educated workers in small villages
This circus is costing us a lot of money and I just want to see it being over.
everyone knows austria but 2% don't know germany
You're in a situation where **saving** is much more important than **investing**.
*Shouldn't* go together, but it does
But there is also room for your own reading lists
Niederdeutsch
They've been paid back plenty in reparations and continue to chase more.
The weirdest variation in German that I am aware of btw is strawberry.
I don't think panzerband is called tesa, or is it
Might be a factor, since everything kinda looks familiar it is harder to be impressed.
Regardless of inside or outside
EVERYONE does it
Such ideas centered around the English language are funny
For a while now we've been one of the last countries in central and western Europe that allow it
double shame on the locals who go there
They bicker - a lot - but politically things are stable.
yes and no, as you can obtain a 50cc license quite easily with 16 scooters ans 50cc bikes are very common in rural areas and somewhat common in cities.
If we imitate a Slavic accent in German we just leave out articles to sound more authentic because that's one of the most common mistakes from speakers of Slavic languages in both English and German.
But I soon recognized its beauty and prolonged my stay to check out the rest of the island, not just Paceville.
In German the downhill skiing is called "Schifahren" and the cross country skiing is called "Langlaufen". I didn't even know until today that there is no extra word for "Langlaufen" in English
Of course it is working out
My Russian husband wanted to give me constantly money, I had to get used to that
Deschek (Hungarian origin, from 'tessék' = please) = uhm
Heck, part of Ukraine was part of the Habsburg empire at one point and had a partial German speaking population.
Dutch: I actually know Dutch, but only at like A1 level so I didn't understand all of it
Ah, haven't heard beigehen before, the more you know
Doch
Hosentür = Hosndial
Not that I don't enjoy Apple getting some pushback for their shitty closed-off approach, but this still doesn't make this vote any less corrupt
Did you get German channels as well?
Didn't get in though
Turns out more people than I thought understand german in tucson arizona
I'd say we are pretty fucked
Once you ruined your reputation everything you say is clowny, because you are a clown.
I studied art at an international summer academy, and all of our projects were ours to take home after we were done with them
Edit:
Either they're Alexa Chung, or completely off-the-charts trashy and chav
But I suppose how all that plays out in Lithuania is very one of a kind
obviously
The media should have called them out for that and warned the public that this would tear the country appart, because it was going to force Russia to secure geo-strategically important areas: Crimea.
And organisations that are somehow related to churches, e.g. charities like the Catholic Caritas, the Protestant Diakonie, the Catholic Dreikönigsaktion (little kids dressing up as the Three Wise Men, going from house to house around January 6th, singing carols, and collecting millions of euros in donations for projects in the third world), an others also have PR
Never know ASML was Dutch
Probably not
Nikolaus and comes es at the 6th of December
>Also at least here there is tons of other email providers
It's mostly just "Lada", since it's AFAIK the only model sold - or at the least the only one that's somewhat present
[Wels
They're not blocked by GDPR
In Austria, teachers at high school level are not native speakers.
Who else does
>contracts are standardized
Third party candidates in the US are virtually non-existent.
Its a Canadian show
and/or if I’d have kids in the house like that family likely did I would ABSOLUTELY google you/demand a background check with the institution placing you in my home
On the following day the parliament passed the neutrality law, an inofficial concession to the USSR for their agreement to the state treaty
Same here
The new Austrian health minister on his way to his swearing-in
In Austria, 99% of the people I know say *Mac*Donald's.
Even when there is no difference in the statutes, women get sentenced much less for the same crimes.
I think they wanted to expand but there are still only 8 in Austria and half of them in Vienna
Austria would be thicc again :)
We will start by teaching you a proper language
But I wouldn't say he is seen positivly in Austria
Against Austria
I am amazed that despite living through hell for a few years, he's still going strong with 95 years
Sooo something like [that
No idea
And i would go as far as saying complexity of a machine is also not subjective.
Or colonialists for that matter.
People have and absolutely should have the right to protest.
So we have those words, but we still have to learn the standard-german version
Lessons learned
Also, "Die Wanderhure"... will never get this one out of my mind, unfortunately
get over your selves you're human beings too you fucwads
just switch to amphetamine if your tolerance is too high
other countries' top leader positions seem to get translated less nowadays as well
Glad you made it to a good Heurigen - nowadays there are those tourist-traps-"Heurigen" as well, with overprized mediocer food and kitschy music
back to GERMANY where we live
Berlin going strong as well
Its the same with the Balkans that may or may not include Slovenia, Greece and Romania
Thanks for the startup idea
> ALLONS Y LES PEDES
It wouldn't be impossible to make this rail connection work, and still going by car is cheaper and faster than going by train
It was, even if a majority was for it, it was still a foreign military marching over the borders of a sovereign state with the intention of occupying it
No, the Germans have nothing to do with it.
Bad schnitzel isnt allowed its a hate crime
For sure, she was always more popular in Hungary
Especially with the current climate change threats ahead, I'm not sure if it would be even worth investing billions upon billions in infrastructure that might very well connect a few desertified ghost towns in 2080
We have beautiful nature, mountains and lakes, decent cities and overall good healthcare and education
I forgot that Austria-Hungary also had Czechia (and that Prague was the capital of Austria-Hungary for some time before Vienna) and many parts of Poland as property, so maybe just cross out the last one and insert Czechoslowakia or smth
" will live on
It's so disproportionately big for a small country like Austria
Wasn't the EU that ordered the bombing.
Here is a good site for male/female ratio.
ugh, same for driver's license here
Yeah me too
I love how every actual Italian restaurant that is run by actual Italians in Vienna is always full of Italians, most of which are tourists
Had english lessons since first grade middle school, but learned all of it pretty much on the internet.
I often times play video games with people all around europe, german included, and many times they talk about how what i just said would be judged to oblivion and beyond if i was in germany just now.
Oh my, mid 2000s German TV Humour
Which does not mean it's working.
But that doesn't make Uber okay
Austria's present chancellor Sebastian Kurz said:
That the EU is behaving nationalistic
The problem with this is though that recirprocity in Visa questions is not the strong suit of the EU - while I can travel to South Africa visa free for 90 days, South African citizens need a visa
Do not produce any greenhouse gases until further notice
After Brexit and Trump, it's nice to see even a small victory over populism.
Some very slow, some very fast and the vast majority at adequate speeds, i guess
I quite literally live on one
Sadly
That you need a car
An Siasn und a Essiggurkal
My family descends from Danubian Swabians which were settled in the region by Maria Theresia
, to "punish" people who didn't buy their book
If you think this is a right wing position (that I don't want more redistribution) then please open a history book and compare actual numbers, laws, etc
Song of the Volga Boatmen too, to mention another memorable and well-known Russian folk song
I guess it's a little bit like the situation in Wales in that respect
* Plasser & Theurer make rail track laying machines
The government stepped down after the first round of the election.
Not exactly a horror story, but I was visiting a friend in Berlin and we planned all kinds of cool things and places to go, etc
Definitely
Anything involving country bumpkin incest stereotypes
The German name of the edible Dormouse is seven sleeper, which points to his long hibernation period
civil war lasted only for 3 days so it was really just the last resistance
Yes it is Sexist, but it is also true.
You do realize that in the Austrian electoral system that just means the he individually opted in to run for office, instead of the party doing it for him?
We don't want people to know about our private lives
I'm neither into Metal, nor into (modern) Pop, so that might explain my ignorance :)
99€? With 99
I think the [BMW buildings] do stand out, whether you like them or not
Well, that happens when your cultural identity is basically an almost amalgam of all the countries around you, without it ever becoming something new.
After all in Tyrol we'd say Sackele for a small bag.
but to my knowledge, the vendor has the option to verify.
We call it "Freunderlwirtschaft" ("friends economy")
Wait
Bold claim that depends a lot on the definition of terrorism...
Vindobona was a Roman city where Vienna is now
*taps forehead*
I think it has to do with the way EMPs are sent there, and how they don't feel as much pressure to vote in line with their party/coalition as they would at home
Actually if you got to make dough on your own anyhow, you should definitely make the curd based dough from /u/little_bohemian's recipe (from the 1st link)
Yes there were rules, but I don't know exactly what they are
But theoretically if the winner of the elections fails to form a coalition to get over 50% the president could instruct e.g. party number two to form a government
Oh hab der und das verwechselt
That Charlie Chaplin impersonator
The US or China would lead that ranking
The overarching stuff should be even more overarching and the regional stuff should be even more regional.
Sure, but the Chinese companies there run a standard "don't register for VAT" scheme.
Watch an Austrian Holocaust survivor explain why the far right's rise scares her
I'll say all the James Bond movies, but just to annoy my British friends.
Which is why I believe they use this dude in every country, no matter east or west.
You have hills in Denmark
Could be that you understood the situation wrong, or that it's a different in culture, or that they behaved in a strange way
I actively looked for spots in non-airfanned corners
cat is melting
Your connections all over the world somewhat prevent you from fully integrating into Europe.
the second translation by Wolfgang Krege
if you ask me, italians are a bit too nice to the bambini.
Gonna add onto that one french guy below me: 48 countries with different histories, technological standards along with academical standards are never the same
Il barbiere di Siviglia - Overture and Fígaro
Honestly, who keeps making those maps that include Turkey but exclude Russia
As I heard, he looked eye to eye at an Croatian soldier
Even though we're neighbours, we're not in the same position from the geopolitical point of view.
Maybe you can drive there with unlimited speed
Alsatian obviously, duh
That would be so weird in Austria
Pfff
100 EUR after taxes and an additional christmas and holiday gratification of 4
Ok I will think of that next time we‘re supposed to look into the future :3 (I always sound passive aggressive when I use sarcasm, don‘t mind that, I love you <3)
Some move out already during high school, others move out when they go to university (e.g. in students dorms) and again others move out as soon as they begin to work and earn their own money
In Austria, "rennen" is also running and my brother was once instructed by a German acquaintance to walk "laufen" somewhere and when he literally started running the dude shouted "ich hab gesagt laufen, nicht rennen
His observation about the perception in US and European press is spot on, I was thinking the same during SpaceX landing attempts.
The first one or two letters indicate the district where the registered possessor resides
Edit: fucking English keyboard won't let me write in German
In Austria it‘s dependent on the school
During the time of the Austrian empire they built huge waterpipes from the alps straight into the city
Biology and music/arts, such a waste of my time...
I'm more worried about the lack of reforms.
2) if traditional winefarmer's eateries (Heurige) serve only cold cuts with table service (of course) or also hot food buffet-style (heresy)
Think of a family with 2 kids, the kids are off school Sat+Sun which is literally the only time where they can spend quality time together, but now their parents have to work Sat+Sun and goodbye childhood, just because some person wasn't able to do his stuff on a Saturday.
Well that's not true anymore
It is fascinating that in Italy it is now mandatory to have one installed
You even ignored the: "never trust an austrian"-rule a second time
In real life a psychiatrist is there so you can speak freely and be helped through your struggles, but using that in a film to have the main character be able to spell out exactly how they feel, and why they feel that way seemed a bit cheap
We’re even called the ash tray of europe
Natürlich
Augustin
> j'ai une tour Eiffel dans le pantalon
Some trains might give an announcement the station before the border (i.e. "This is the last station in Austria")
no idea what you're talking about ^/s
Aka the darker your humour is, the better it comes off
I don‘t have much information about degrees in any other kind of engineering other than the basics
Just don't. Spend your money on food or museums instead
A problematic one is a [Stalin plaque] on a house he lived in for a while, built by the soviet occupiers
The winner(s) were decided with a drawing
I've read that too
I've been a few of times, and also lived there for a year.
As an Austrian, I can't relate
Don't forget slot machines :/
You can use Spotify and google maps etc
But as kids we would walk from house to house on Christmas Eve with incense and receive candy and sometimes some Schilling, if that counts
Didn't have any problems connecting my non-apple speakers to my apple devices either
I actually never realized how many of these were about dogs
" Noooo please no
Do all these things still exist there
Het is vandaag een warme dag en de zon schijnt, maar ik prefereer koude winterdagen met sneeuw en ijs
"If they can't afford to pay rent, they should buy a flat
Seems like "A" is home for Easter
Austria - Vo Mello Bis Ge Schoppornou by Hollstuonarmusigbigbandclub
Nobody here's physically forcing people to lay down their belief
Hopefully not like her daughter Marie Antoinette.
Hard to say
You might want to rethink this, we still do have an election coming up...
This is not about "evil China" (and even less about average Chinese corporations) but how Blizzard makes themselves a lackey of their political agenda
I do my best to prove them wrong by telling them about my travels :)
It's
If kinds want to exercise, they join a sports club, usually soccer.
[Country Roads]
Actually Germany just pulled out of one with Austria as it was unable to build a much needed power line through Bavaria
I thought the same, it's such an iconic era and would be quite different from what they already did
"Das ist mir Powidl
Much more likely is them just blocking any european IPs
And the lyrics can be basically summed up with "our country is beautiful and we are good at stuff".
He had a few encounters with partisans, luckily he was wounded sometimes, I don't know why and how but because of that he couldn't serve anymore
>Are Europeans as focused on generations like Americans seem to be
The taste of tap water in Belgium
Some people would skip out on bringing anything, but nobody's really checking that closely
My friends and I still do that today lmao
We had to learn them in school, like a lot of other stuff, but honestly, the only reason I remember them is A) movies and TV shows (e.g. Minnesota is where Jack O'Neill from Stargate grew up) and B) because no person from the US I've ever met or talked to has ever just said that they are from the US, they always mention the state, often including the city
Burgenland Croatian, it's the language of the Croatian people a Hungarian magnat invited to settle on the land the Ottomans devastated during the siege of Vienna
Which is why the second generation of muslim migrants is an even bigger problem as their parents used to be even though they grew up here.
In Austria, school starts when youre about 6 or 7 and is just mandatory until you're roughly 15 years old (9 school years) where about [1/3] start an apprenticeship and the rest continues with school until they are around 19 and then go to uni
Dunno, I live in Eastern Austria and we never interact with Bavarians at all, so there's that
The University of Vienna is the largest University in the German speaking region, with over 90
My condolences to our neighbours.
Best wishes from Poland :)
I love how Austrian German can sound very nice and harmless, while being really graphic
There were still a load of Ukrainians in the Communist party as officials
Well, do you want a situation where there are millions of hyperintelligent free-willed AI beings that might have plans that are not in best interest of the human race?
Awww :)
That's not hot
What war are we talking about
Hopefully no more fascist asses, that's my thought
Edit typos
It's funny that you mention that Romanians complain a lot about their country though, because I usually hear the opposite
Many consider it an unofficial national anthem
You ended up with 50 years of communism, but at least we gave you a convenient justification to finally get rid of your unruly German-speaking population
Proving that manipulation has happened is infinitely harder and time consuming.
Like, literally, they stood there talking to me with words that I had no idea what they meant
And upperBavaria
Oh that sounds like a plausible explanation
also there is no such thing as a non-bank atm in slovakia
As we say here: "the fish starts stinking at the head"
We just say „Schere, Stein, Papier“ (Scissors, Rock, Paper -the order of the words is different here)
Innsbruck, Tyrol: with 400€ you can have a 40-60 sqm flat together with two roommates
Both of our countries are part of the EU already, that's enough
Shoes stolen in school, while sitting in some class
Knowing Musk he probably only said it for the sake of shitting on Brexit
Travel by a rubber boat to Alaska
Sure, but I know for a fact that your life consequences are insignificant in comparison :)
We also had a "Maturazeitung" (Matura newspaper), mostly a self-designed and -printed/-copied collection of leaflets including funny stories and quotes of your school time, it's either sold to earn money for going drinking, or sometimes given away
To be fair, a LOT of teachers explain the Berlin Wall really badly, even here in Europe
Like when people say that "Slav" and "slave" are related
At least you have the ability to learn, not everyone does
The Balkans are so off
That's why I said (if you count that)
But sauce, impossible
should've just told him to go back to the entrance and take his shoes off
And for all that you propably need to be a resident of an EU country as well.
It was a cry for unification which actually for a time succeeded and an assembly was formed in Frankfurt but then it failed and so German unification came from up top and not the general populace
Anno is from Austria originally...
Maybe not the standard yet, but an option
"You are exactly the one head short where your brain should have been"
My Kids are small enough that the Garden is fun enough to Entertain them without additional Input, I Just watch over No Body gets hurt
In the middle ages and early reconnaissance, people who lived in one village didn't understand the ones of the next anyway so people often used Latin or French and nationality was less defined by your ethnicity than rather by your lord
Deutsch-Österreich doesn't exist.
We have a pretty big Bulgarian minority in Vienna anyway
I can‘t really say if there is a lasting influence on my province now, except maybe a strange fixation on British English
It's so good
There's wolves that far west
lmao
No offense but this is probably the dumbest and most pointless map I've ever seen.
not much else to say, it was only 6 hours
>\[...\]  to secure the deal recently promised by Trump and Ursula von der Leyen, the European Commission president
And teachers for some reason
???????????????? it was a soviet aggression war to annex poland
Not a European language, but here's one I learned from Japanese friends:
In Vienna another variant is very popular, so called 'Vogerl Salat' where field salad is added to the mix
Not only is that incorrect, but you'll look and sound like a fool
Never been in Wels but also not planning to go there, especially after reading this
Because then yeah, it‘s quite rare to find anybody speak English in that age group, but below it‘s quite common
Goose roast with red cabbage and dumplings!
>  Heizölrückstoßabdämpfung
We try to find a balance between original sources and editorialisation, but it is pretty difficult.
His pals congratulating him "through" that account would also mean it's not his.
Austria: what the fuck
The only heating in his house is his tradtional old school open fire place
&nbsp;
It would be nice if we just shook hands with everybody.
There are positive and negative examples of this
Yes the dog who fancies bread rolls with sliced sausage is an Austrian production.
Not German, but my grand-father was drafted and had to serve in Crimea
- United States
Hofer promised a "neues Amtsverständnis" and that people will be amazed what a president is able to do.
The real youtube channel (or a more creadible one at least) is is called "Musikverein Wien" at [ \- situated in Austria, the mail adress is the correct one for the ticket service of the Musikverein and they have plenty of short videos and interviews
You mean fitness-apples with 20 % more protein
My favourite peeve is when they congregate on the end of an escalator
Nor Vienna
They were all replaced in the 50s.
Not the quantity, but the quality
The bread & stuff is pure trash, you can actually tell that they are selling products that used the cheapest flour, fruits & vegetables are also meh
8 pc Apricots
Would love to be 25 again, so this is educated guesswork for the Austrian situation in one of the four larger cities and Vienna
Do people really drop by without calling first
I don't know how so many people are so bad at geography
That's true, I'm extremly happy about that we have such high standards, I dont hate Austria by any way, I love it but I'm not happy how things are at the moment, I can't really change it sadly but tbh I always wanted to leave Austria and explore new countries .
When will we know results exactly?
I guess you have a German driving license?
Brexit also has a negative effect on the Euro.
Wait ...
Lmao, some of you need some education
Styria too
Like, we technically don‘t speak Standard German, we only speak in Dialects and Austrian-German
That comes in handy on a regular basis
Exactly
Other than that maybe [Almdudler]
I mean it's very subjective but I think you are truly Austrian if you're doing Austrian things like:
how dumb do you think I am, austerity is the wrong tool to deploy in a crisis
But you would loss your lovely beaches and only gain mountains,  while we just move a little to the east
“ or „my suitcase is not as full as yours, bei mir geht sich noch was aus
We don't need a hyperpatriotic cringefest like that.
Better broken english than grauenhaftes Deutsch.
German makes sense since German speaking Europe had the second largest internet presence after the anglosphere in the early days, but why Catalan
I don't see why Turkey shouldn't do so:
Love the impression of the german baddies from pitch perfect 2
But they will all die at some point and young people don't care if you're Jewish or not.
the german cases would something against have
Serbians Vs Croatians Vs Bosnians...
Thanks to Liechtenstein for being just the way you are
With things as they are you have to work 60+ hours
Yeah I'd bet they thought of the U2 song without knowing the background to it
* Frequentis makes air traffic control systems
That's quite hideous for an international site like Reddit
Otherwise pretty cool museum if you don't know a lot of Switzerland (and need something to do on a rainy day), but that was pretty shite
I feel like your golden age is right now, Germany is thriving, economically and politically one of the defining forces of the EU, under reasonable and stable leadership
I could be wrong but aren't Strigoi kind of like vampires
Most people will stop after the first page of google results, or maybe after checking social media
A: "He, gib mir Lineal
In eastern Austria it tends to be a male childlike angel, though the young woman form is also found
which means they got compromised by a secret service.
You‘re absolutely right that I live in an extremely right wing environment, and believe me, I hate it with my whole being
My home region was  occupied by  France after the second world War
Vienna would just be another city, and while it is nice, it's not THAT different from Prague anyways.
In German, we sometimes use the word "Aufschnitt" for various sliced meats (sausage, ham, etc)
Overall I've enjoyed my two days in rotterdam very much
Its like a small place in the third district where you could have a schnitzel and a potato salad for three euro
What do the movies misportray about your country
I'm with you
I hate the complainers in my country even more now
Ah yeah, the "Heurigen" of the Danube region are a thing of beauty
From what shes telling me atm I hope that it doesnt get any worse for her
Basically two regiments fought over some alcohol, someone thought there were turks, and all of them fled back to the main army
*looking up Norwegian courses*
From my point of view Craftsmanship and trade is more institutionalised in german speaking countries and therefore they don't want to sell their company to a bigger one, because they "know what they are doing" compared to a ceo with just an economics background
Now combine that with the already existing stereotypes that leads to some people not only thinking that every American is a fat dumb gun-nut but actually now seeing Americans as representative of the USA's foreign policy
We are only Corrupt in Ibiza
Bavarian economy has a shit ton to do with Austria but ok m8
If you wake up on the 1st and it's not already over, you know you're getting old :D
Haha
"Serving their self interest", "don't care about common man", etc.
It's hollow compared to the films that influenced it
Below 10 and rainy is just miserable
Having ð is like cheating
com)
Currently living in France (> 1 year), it's possible to get them but they arn't popular
(A standard Austrian chancellor appears in MI, but he could have been from anywhere
- that’s on my to-do-list for quite a time now:)
Very cute
TIL der Bodensee ist Lake Constance in Englisch
* [Wachau Valley]
UwU
There was a little skiing place 30km from my parents home with stadium lights so you could use the pists also after dark.
I think Switzerland is like the guy in the village which is related to everybody but prefers to be alone
Tatti	FI
Which is such a disgrace
And you think the people wanted this?
You might be able to take a hike with a cow by bringing a lot of food and taking a lot of breaks while it chews and digests (= farts).
Not ok, just a lot more understandable given current tensions
Would green salad be *deftig* to you
Hot: above 30
That's bad
I *love* The Office and Seinfeld in English, but the dubbed versions are unwatchable.) I don't think *Curb your Enthusiasm* ever aired, and so far I haven't seen *Veep* on TV, either.
I thought that scene was super hilarious, with the Red Army Choir in the background and all
Especially in the last years you keep seeing the word "Strasse" more and more, even by big companies, although it is just wrong
I think I heard of that and actually did it once
China wanted an example and Blizzard gave it to them for that sweet sweet chinese mobile market money
When I was there the first time with my school, my teacher told us not to drink it
eh, that's just the illogical nature of exonyms everywhere
We say that "Katzen schnurren" (Cats purr), but we don't have a word or sound for the purring itself, as far as I'm aware of
Losing turf in a fight you started isn't unheard of.
In this case it also happens to be valid German German, but that doesn't change the fact
When the kebap man told them that they only could pay with cash they angrily turned around and asked me where to get money because "in this fucking country you can't pay anything without cash".
Also in the old meaning Ostarrîchi is the root ôstar- present
"Austrians are Germans" in the replies.
"Nice, I actually know someone from [insert random German city]"
> "who was it who shat in your head"
I think it should be embarrassing for such a developed and rich country as the USA, not to have healthcare
Not if it's not kids I think
We all know that the ÖVP has no clue and no ambition to fix the fundamental issues of Austrian society and that it has like the FPÖ big problems with cronyism, dirty deals and (better hidden) corruption
this thread has rekindled my interest in late medieval European history
Being able to buy women with camels would make dating much simpler.
Everyone should have a good life, not just us spoiled westerners.
Good trade imo
afaik thats correct, the reason is that those two extra salaries get taxed with only 6% flat instead of the normal progressiv income tax, which means people who earn more profit way more from those two extra salaries then those who earn less money.
In german, Swiper was still called Swiper, and as a kid I obviously recognized that this wasn't a German name (neither was Boots or Map)
We should have all laid back and watch our economies go down the drain
Or even worse, a united South Slavic constituent country that could claim dominion over them in the future
But those are fixed costs and not running costs.
Yeah, I agree, I'd rather have summertime in summer, and switch one hour even further into that direction in winter, to have the sunset at 5 instead of 4 in December
The German name of the Sloth is lazy animal
Was ich mich noch erinnern kann (wahrscheinlich manche falsch geschrieben)
Not really a thing
Frankfurter Würstl are made from beef and pork
Well, the you are the lucky exception I mean everybody screws up, but you got to own up to it and I am strongly against making people resonsible for something an ancestory did.
Switzerland, Austria and Czechia have gun culture and I don't think anything is wrong with that
1024years old
Canada is probably more similar to Europe in those areas.
And as the history is still developpin the title is incorrect.
Later, on his way back to England, Richard was forced to travel through austrian territories
Yes, but measuring anything with variable densities (eg flour) by volume is stupid and if density is constant, you can also just measure by weight.
All the best to you guys in HR, stay strong
Well we never know, maybe I‘m wrong and Mozart will be forgotten by tomorrow :‘)
I guess there is the unspoken rule of don't ask, don't tell about this topic in Austria
Also, if JROTC was indoctrinating people to join the military, I'm pretty sure the military would be slightly larger in size.
Being of the Czech nation in an age before narionalism meant very little - especially in the framework of the multiple personal unions of the Habsburgs
Most of us just used what the french were already using
Essentially, you have 4 variables: expected (yearly) return, monthly investment level, intervals, fixed/variable fees.
I love Vulcanoes and I was like "OMG I'm gonna see a Vulcanoe" And it also was my first time on an island
It's mind boggling
Or Red Bull
The other one is to - at least to some extent - fight the IS-fuckheads.
800 	g  Potatoes (the kind you would use for making mashed potatoes)
And try to tell a Croatian or Serbian that Tesla was Austrian
Well there's always Burgenland and Carinthia for memes
On the contrary, austrians are getting f*cking pissed
Yes that's the word
Yes there are many good pastries and cakes here, but it is one of them
It ranges from a few days stubble to quite a full beard
Most people don't do it at home anymore
Ironically because Marille actually comes from italian armellino
Who is behind it
Could someone explain the "No Guns/Guns" to me please?
55". it is permissible in tables and such, where you're not writing a full sentence and trying to get everything evenly placed, but personally even there I'd prefer to write it with a space (€ 1,55)
Same thing in Austria :( We've got Wirtshäuser, but only old men go there to drink, young people only go there for meals with their parents
This situation should be solvable reasonably fast and easy, since the Austrian constitution is fairly well made
In Austria the draft is (still) mandatory so I spent 2 months near the hungarian boarder
I will only be accountable for my own actions, not those of others
Is that true, or a joke
They even had a portrait of Dollfuß in their parties private chamber in parliament until a huge public outcry
RIP
I would upvote you, but I think I can lose my citizenship for aiding a Prussian.
The public transport system isn't sufficient
I'm not a fan, but comparing them with genocidal warmongers is simply ridiculous.
Just to clarify, because the terms are similar in German:
Let's get hammered while we at it.
Due to his Jewish ancestry the Nazis decided that Benz was the inventor
Yesterday, on my job, I talked to some English guy who lived in Vienna for roughly 5 years he said, but couldn't understand me when I was talking normally to him.
For myself, I suspect 99.99% is a slight exaggeration.
And by the way you completely vitiated your own point
I  believe my school now has lockers for everyone
mal, leicht, gar, denn, ...
Anyway, I‘m not sure if any of those places are considered underrated if you consider that Austria doesn‘t have as many tourists as eg countries like France and Germany due to our country usually being quite unknown overall, excluding Vienna
So Switzerland is an envy-crush for me
Ich glaub du hast ein bisschen zu viel Curry auf deiner Wurst gehabt
I mean what means "Hiafla
The fire was triggered by a faulty fan heater
That has nothing to do with forced privatization.
Work in country a and live in country b, as living in country b is cheaper
I think [this] is the best one to describe our country.
Nope, not the nose
Though athletes tend to fall out of public consciousness after a while
I speak an austro-bavarian dialect, but I like every dialect more than standard German
The one thing most noticeable about living in a big city is probably the contact with different opinions, cultures and a lot of different people in general, which is something I really like
If they have to talk to actual victims
and hoarding your alcohol would be seen as very weird here as well
Prolonging the words: "Heaaaast oidaaa, hosd a boa schülling fia de haaaazung"
AFAIK most latino kids go to Catholic schools, that tend to be Spanish-only, with a single Basque language course
Do they call it Schnitzel or try to make a dish containing one
If he cons himself through another election he's probably going to get 45% and we are truly fucked
Same in Austria
And I needed subtitles to understand her
But people feel helpless and they fell enraged when they read about a teacher getting **beheaded** because he showed a picture and when people feel threatened with no help in sight then they will turn to extremes good or bad be damned
However the Austrian state makes them choose between the two countries
She was an Bavarian duchess, yeah, it's even the movie
They sure don't look good for your teeth.
Faschiertes Laberl masterrace btw
Eiche Sproch is ja no schlimma wauns ma ausgschriam siagt.
Thanks for the addition
As mentioned by someone else, Preiselbeeren are the only thing you could possibly refer to, but that's more like a chunky jam on the side, not a creamy gravy all over the Schnitzel
Sadly I can't make use of the warm days now because I got some nasty angina but at least my girlfriend can go out a bit
Lots of history happened there, tbh it was kind of worth it
That has 2 reasons
Both dialects and a part of our language is vanishing
I mean, come on
Somewhat of a wild maritime borderzone in the backyard, including everything from Island fortresses to pirates
And btw, germany you can have our share in exchange for bavaria
Be sure to talk to several banks!
The red cave thing was stolen from another parish about a 100 miles away though
Since there is just a glass plate below the pot I guess switching an induction plate off would give similar results.
I have seen "poorlack" used as an even more derogatory term
Whats the youngest (oldest)
> "man fuck this, we are not getting paid enough to deal with this bullshit"
Afaik the leaves itself could be used like parsley leaves to make a vegetable soup
Not including taxes in the prices in a grocery store
well, he's gaining from every single party in Germany.
The NSA keeps getting smarter
If there are hidden gems then they're not well known
Dass es österreichische Nazigrößen gegeben hat, ist nicht die Schuld des ganzen Landes
One word: Oida
If it wouldn't be for his name, you would never guess he is of Turkish heritage
Maybe it was just the feeling that a wonderful piece of our culture might have been lost
Like in Northern Germany
Basically it means the citizens themselves (the bricks) are the souvereign, not a royal
Upper Austria
The sad thing is the 2nd guy from the left is probably significantly taller than I am ..
And the ÖVP denied it as well
Majority of people here know it
correct
Grüß Gott (Greet God) isn't very present outside of the Bavarian dialect group so often outsiders will joke back and say 'I didn't know we where this high yet' as you'd need to be in heaven to greet god
Liechtenstein, Monaco, Vatican City, Malta
While Slovenia can rely on other Balkan migrants Serbia for example bleeds human capital as many educated and learned professionals from craftsmen to doctors are leaving the country for Germany or other greener pastures
Never rely on a single source
that's because Geschoß ≠ Geschoss
All I hear is Germany or Merkel herself getting all the blame and hate
But i agree on Liezen
As a non-native speaker, I agree with you
Thanks Germany and Switzerland for having bigger and more qualitative media outlets that can do and do do investigative journalism about the jucier bits of the corrupt machine that is Austrian politics, whithout fear of financial losses or otherwise any retribution (keyword "Ibiza")
The replacement strategy for crosses on the summits
Tbf some of those cops are hot
I could really work with that
Nonsense
It's an angelic looking toddler actually
There are downsides everywhere.
No one is accusing any EU official of directly handing money to the mafia but if you are handing out millions of tax payer money you should have a duty of care to make sure it is spent wisely!
They're sound, when you think about it
Sounds like you could make a lot of money importing Austrian products.
Interestingly, the European Space Agency isn't considered an agency of the EU
yeah
Where do you live
[August 2007])
quoting myself ...
For me it was „Sweat (A La La La La Long)” by Inner Circle
I think punishment is exactly what it deserves.
doesn't praktik translate to internship, mostly
Kurt Waldheim were once Secretary-General of the UN and became a persona non grata in the eyes of USA and Israel during his Austrian presidency
The Balkans are so off
r/trashy
5 hours
Osimo	IT
I've never heard anyone else mention Van Canto before
a name you will say to anyone if you listen carefullyyyy
I just learned this the other day and i have not yet fully recovered
Colloquially it's just called "writing font", because that's what you use to write things by hand
freedom and inclusion are different things.
Yeah, I'm waiting for those too
You need just mention a concept alike to "jurisdik abort" in my country and you are branded as misogynist, nazi, defender of the patriarchy and whatnot.
I think the fact that you can make words infinitely long
The Styrian Oak would care
As others said the university ID
THE CIA CREATED THE FPÖ? WHHHAAAT THE FUCK
I brought in proof
There's a reason it's commonly called Female Genital Mutation instead of circumcision - it's far more horrible and aims to completely destroy the function of the genitals instead of cutting off a, let's be honest, pretty useless part
I personally haven't come across english phrases being used.
"Er ist wieder da"
Looks like that word is going to be obsolete or archaic not long from now.
Ski jumping is popular but Alpine skiing is on the same level as football here.
[here's the same] for Viennese subway stops - beware, it's a very free etymological translation.
There is a nice book by a German born comedian who describes how he moved to Vienna
I'd be in favor of lowering the requirements for getting our citizenship though, I think the monetary requirements and 10 years of residence make it too hard for many to go through with it
Austria on any topic, in a nutshell: "It's ok, I guess..."
What he's probably referring to is the [Holy Roman Empire of German Nations] which (the Prince-Archbishopric of) Salzburg used to be part of
Like sunshine
In Austria, it is
So they were not "added" to the constitution technically, they were just "elevated" into constitutional rank to have special protection from being changed (and to make it impossible for the VfGH to overrule them)
Not sure what is wrong about that.
It also drastically increases the amount of toxic stuff thats being released
Also life expectancy skyrocketet in the wars.
Done
(Eg musical history is only for Music
From what I heard he was a relatively good man, altough you never know what he did on the eastern front
What's your opinion about the idea of "United States of Europe"?
First Head of Parliament, a Socialdemocrat, steps down from his position (most likely) so he can vote in a potential re-vote
>"the a and the o of something" - the most important part of something (stems from greek alphabet)
Another victim of an underfunded education system.
It's basically very finely ground sausage meat in loaf form, baked in the oven, cut into slices and put in a Kaiserroll
Given the marketing from the leave campaign this is quite interesting to hear.
It's simple : there are no kangaroos in Austria ;)
No actions but some words of shock and then going back to normal
They had less arguments for themselfes than rumors about their opponent
The old german version *austar- meaning „eastern“ or „in the East“, and the old icelandic Edda calls the mythical dwarf of the east Austri
We will gladly take Mähren back!
As Austrian I'm somehow ashamed of myself I didn't thought on the ["Schwedenbomben"](
Very rarely you can order a Mailänder Schnitzel here, with parmesan in the crust, but I don't actually know whether that's what an original milanese is
What happend
My grandpa is from the southern state of Carinthia and he used to call me "Lota" which means "large man"
English and German are one of the few I can think of right now
Which makes the claim even more ridiculous.
ps I still would love to see the pic of a stereotypical iranian :D
That's nuts
Can confirm
The German word for bunker is Bunker
Oida
Here in Austria almost nobody would think of buying still water in the supermarket except if you need it on your way
So you need to order food for the days you "move into a new apartment" - big deal
> Die Bezeichnung geht jedoch nicht auf die lateinische, sondern auf die urgermanische Sprache zurück
Figured it's because a) they don't have enough money and b) use other things than money for dick-waving contests, like telling you about all the places they've been to
** yeah I wish I could take this more often
Since when are we listening to experts?
I particulately like that we have our national flag as the outline of the numberplate and the clean design overall
[Salzburger Nockerl] I grew up in Salzburg and I don't know anyone who's eaten it more than once, and many people who've never tried it at all
That's because Camp David is an actual brand sold at Peek & Cloppenburg
Each student was given one, and most use it for everything except for some of the bulkier stuff like arts and crafts materials etc
longer ago) and there the Hobbits use colloquial speech, like calling Frodo "Chef".
It pisses me off
Just let the government run religious institutions and look at how stale and backwards it will become
I'm German and I've lived in Austria for the past three years
10mins between 6-7
You can't get an abortion in Ireland, however if an Irish woman wants an abortion she can get counseled first and then leave the country to have an abortion in an EU country.
Yes, when locked by key it needs a key to unlock it
Ditto on the money department
Because it's so accurate
When i'm at my dad's, it's Schnapps, otherwise it's syrup.
we also have gaming and eisenwurzn wich basiclly translates to ironshit
One week in one of my colleagues decides it would be a great idea to shoot towards Hungary
Most countries that were part of the Roman empire some time during its existence
I grew up in a rural area and you’d just greet anyone everywhere
sadly the problems nowadays are mostly refugees stabbing each other
But where is the beef and peas
Blockhaus is a house made from blocks of wood
Sweden still has diesel-electric locomotives in use as well
Patriotism is a wonderful thing.
>What if their feet smell
We can find ways now or will leave our children a civil war to fight
Yeah it is rather popular with young people in my neck of the woods
Edit: I'd also like to nominate this as "the weirdest or funniest thing a foreigner said".
If you greet someone you don’t know you get a weird look
heineken does have a "premium" position here too, kinda.
maybe your feet wouldn't smell as bad if you let them breath every once in a while ;)
You are cancer
But some of his ideas in this article aren't that bad.
Our rural police was called Gendamerie as well until they were merged with our urban police (Polizei) in 2003 or so
And quite a while ago
"steal from muh income" these dirty commies with their filthy filthy welfare and stuff.
Possibly both, possibly neither, we can't be sure as there are barely any traces of artefacts that would explain further why they exist
They are working in a hierachal environment and aren't exactly free in their activities for legal reasons alone.
What's keeping them from doing it now?
I have never seen anybody, beside a German, commit to such a kitchen-crime
Christ, no
Especially the one about America.
It was just an insert and it said more details would be given in a special news broadcast after the current show
(Also, that hair
.. I feel you
It literally made me laugh out loud
In the end there are only like 50 himosexual couples in Vienna that act as foster parents.
It probably has a better reputation in Austria than most of Western Europe
I mean, just look at Ireland, their language was almost eradicated
Liechtenstein: sorry guys, I've only ever met one of you peops back when we were both studying and he was very nice but the cliche was just ridiculously strong with him: 19 years old with a gold watch and a S-class Merc each worth more than a year's salary of mine (now, more than a decade into working life)
Probably not that experienced in wearing suits and has to look absolute perfect in a few minutes
Thank you :)
I would argue that Vorarlberg ist closer to Switzerland and Baden-Württemberg, and the rest of Austria is closer to Bavaria, since Bavarians after all are only lowland Austrians
Eastern Saxony it is
I'm afraid we don't share intelligence with nations that impose economic sanctions on us, nor do we cooperate militarily with them.
I would also never think of Slovenia or Czechia when people say Eastern Europe, but a Spaniard or Portugiese would maybe think otherwise
[My view to the right] and [my view to the left]
I had to keep my shoes on every time I entered a house
I think the word is actually from the russian, but i may be mistaken
That will change soon however, from November on it will be banned here too
There is a difference between hating a person and voting for a party
Of course we didn't go into the hard details of how the EU works, but its fair to say that we knew:
Here in Austria its basically the same
Thank you
Haha, that not true, there was no fraud - the fpoe said for two months that they have evidence and will bring it to the courts, in the end they had nothing..
Almost everyone knows austria as a german-speaking country
Austria recently passed legislation to fully ban smoking in public buildings and gastronomy, mainly because a well-known journalist died from lung cancer at a young age and campaigned for a smoking ban in his last year of life.
I wouldn't say that it's just because it sounds "brutal" though
Einen Großteil, ja, aber eben nicht alle.
So what's the specific problem
>and especially my dialect
Vienna is always ready to become a capital of a big empire again.
When the union's inspiration through the workers' blood shall run,
yeah, came here to say, that they are called faschiertes laberl
If I remember correctly Gin during that time was very pure alcohol and the poor drank it like water
And they have cute corgis
It's really just the last few meters after the place where the skiing lift starts :)
Da es nur ein Dorf war, hab ich Cities unter Anführungsstriche gesetzt
If thats 20, idk if im gonna survive the 36 that are coming later this day
The concept of Central Europe is the point of departure because it has been under discussion for a long period of time and has flared up again on the debate on the end of global and political antagonisms with a particular impact on Europe
Thank you Germany for taking the blame on WW2 and letting us tell ppl that Beethoven is Austrian
The only border crossing there is at the entrance of the tunnel on the Austrian side
Haven't used facebook in years so it's not like I'd care lol
I could think of Vienna, if the second one is the case
[Die Fälscher \(The Counterfeiters\)]
lots of hot air from Vienna causes strong wind currents.
Examples of comedy coming from absurd/ dark stuff played straight:
The current results are mainly from rural areas
Some Parents Like to stay, some Parents Bring only the kids, both is Welcome at my Home
Exactly my thoughts
Seconded
yeah, of course, but those are two vastly different cases
Our government is a turquoise-green coalition (ÖVP + Green Party)
This one is from the early times of Austria, during the crusades:
According to legend, the Austrian flag is based on a blood soaked piece of cloth
lastname]@gmx
But I knew the basic grammar from Highschool
Since then the fine of 20
The interesting thing is that basically every slavic language got their names "germanized" differently
FPOE was always undervalued, but after the refugee 'crysis' the polls even got too high numbers.
It's wrong in Swiss German too
Also it can, and will, be argued that christians and muslims believe in the same god.
Hallstatt, Austria: what was going on in the past 100 years
Does your country belong to Eastern Europe?
But I also got to know a bunch of good ones there
I would add some city marathons as a school featured sport activity but that is mostly up to your headmaster.
Chinese goods are cheap and low quality.
To the best of my knowledge, all german speaking children learn their respective standard similar to a foreign language, so I get where you're coming from with that, but to say it's a foreign thing entirely just isn't right
To be fair, the basement-owners weren't celebs before
Polls are far removed from reality lately.
Church tax is voluntary, and you can simply quit with an online formular.
He's... Donald Trump
And Hitler, while born in Austria, considered himself German, rejected his Austrian citizenship, and his whole career was based in Germany
I mean, it's a great era, but it's also *the* wellknown Viennese era
I had a really great history teacher, and they spent a lot of time talking about Vienna between the bread wars and red Vienna, which was nice and really interesting, but my other history lessons often revolved around Rome, and things like this
**This is the MO
Why
The taste is not really that similar to regular sausage
Then come home and shovel your yard again
If you believe him, you believe in the map but if you don't, you notice how ridiculous it actually is.
Still, I wouldn't say it's "far". Schneeberg isn't that far away
Thanks for the in detail answer.
So why is it so prominently in the headline and right again in the first paragraph?
*surprised Pikachu face*
Pen and paper are such a super super super low-level kind of tech: easy to manufacture, intuitive to write with and store, and allows for easy access to the information
The English word nightmare sounds similar
then still no because we usually don't make it into them
Words like parsley, eggplant, asparagus, cantaloupe,...
Hong Kong got a symbol for protest
No and I‘ve never heard of that /:
Now, not then
He seems like a nice man
> A crown for aristocracy
[Esterhazy-Schnitze]
I'm not a big skier and normal Schnitzels aren't that good (Surschnitzel on the other hand
Mozart and Sound of Music
would like to bring it if I could, or travel to places where it exists anyway
"Schwedenbombe" is an example of a brand name (they are produced by the Viennese company Niemetz) becoming a general name
The US is a very individual-focused country and I don't think this is good for the majority of people in the big picture
Danish & Swedish both sound too much like a very weird twisted version of German with some uncommon sounds, while Finnish is just a bit too far from my Indo-European expectations
They said I sounded like a posh English kid from Cambridge
My sister in law is Turkish, and she really likes German/Austrian culture
Don't forget Frank stronach, who suggested reestablish it in 2013, when he campaigned for national elections
reminds me of [this one]
To make matters worse, on the exact same day in 1976, the late Niki Lauda (one of Austria's most prominent sportsman ever) had its infamous crash at Nürnburg ring
But Ljubljana has an Ikea doesn't it
A young American+British couple asked me whether there are mountains in Austria
Teramo	FI
Where to go during quarantine
Whaat, no sausage stand
Lingonberry jam is acceptable though, and goes fantastic with Schnitzel
Actually they are very transparent with where the money went and deligent at working together with sustainable procect partners
I eventually started to watch a lot of YouTube, tv shows and movies on my own, and that's basically how I constantly kept improving (obviously through reading books as well) . So yeah my advice would be keep on reading books in English, and watch a shit ton of movies or tv shows
> Planet of the Apes -> O Homem Que Veio Do Futuro (The Man From The Future)
mixing sports with military propaganda
- by Schraubenzeit ^(/r/europe)
Austria: 1938 Supporting Nazi-Germany to take over Austria country in the hope to have a better life
labbrig is used in this context but „labberl“ als in Fleischlabberl refers to a form of the word „Leib“ or „Leibchen“
If any of you reading this are one of those women, or know one of those women, know, I am sorry
And they built a system in which they do not starve to death or die of a flu.
Damn, the correct answer either way is always "Wow, even better
Wemma's genau nemma nachad ren ma o alm no koa Deitsch, sundan Boarisch.
Vienna: tourism, art, music, probably historians (like tbh any other European city), Sachertorte
Not Google's fault though, you banned it.
Looking at you, Spain
Nationalism and nationality before the spring of nations is a very fuzzy topic and also quite contentious and thus quite fascinating
This is a clever way to say that democracy doesn't actually exist
Just adding that the chancellor is appointed by the president
Maybe it's because I'm biased but I do tend to find a lot of Austrian comments
I grew up in Austria and prostitution was never an issue here.
&#x200B;
Ams Ag - Microchip company, specialized in optical sensors
But /r/de is for all DACH countries.
[Trevor Noah, whose father is Swiss, has a fun skit about that]
Na, aber in meiner Denke is die 2 ausgefallen, und nicht einfach verschoben worden
That's nuts
In Austria for example there hasn’t been a general magazine limit before the EU wide ban
The Bereaved sue the farmer
Polnischer Abgang (to leave like a Pole - leaving without saying goodbye)
When progressive thinking people give up, just let the far-right spout their ill-informed regressive nonsense and just let the reign of idiocy happen, is when we're lost.
But this is inevitable
Along with the anti-LGBT stuff (two of our three biggest political parties are against LGBT-marriage (I think it only has been made legal recently, like 2018
- half the people who are from there leave because it's so boring
Is already starting to happen
which are rather frowned upon in "good writing" circles
How wild would it be if the Pope was a shitposter
Wir haben zwar nicht versucht, die Annexion zu bekämpfen, besonders erfolgreich wäre eine militärische Auseinandersetzung mit Deutschland sowieso nicht gewesen
And the french wanted icbms hence the ariane program
Well atleast Brexit is gonna move forward now, and the EU can deal with more important issues than the Brits
* Female smokers above the age of 15: 15
Time to tell your children that they need to remember and tell their grandchildren about this!
edit: [This looks dope]
Our right wing politicians try to exploit the topic but there is not much to exploit.
Not as a standalone, no
Lots of people move to the cities
He was german
looks very weak indeed hope he got better after this photo
They aren't stockpiling, they just started using soap
These are the places were misguided bombs hit
- A "französische Dusche" or French shower is when you are in need of a shower, but just use a large amount of deodorant or similar things instead
Probably the Sieges of Vienna by the Ottomans (plural because they tried two times)
Foreign policy in the last 15 years is the biggest reason from my experience.
How did this get meassured
Austria is not officially an ally of the US.
Man
So they said they didn't want to have germans shoot germans
Holy shit 40 degrees
This is how facism begins
800 results with the parameters >50sqm and <400k€ all across the city
Austrian German prefers the diminutive
So yes - some German should be required
Never stay up a little late or go to bed early
You've never experienced the sensation of losing.
For a change, we do the Anschluss the other way around now ;)
I added much pics, mostly self taken of geographic or achictecture content, but I stoped ages ago
That would freak me out too much
I am insulted
If that was a "stand", how in the world did your autocorrect get to that
As you see, in German have we a very different structuring of sentences, which of course very difficult to read be can
100% the norm, formal and informal
Wait, are you serious
I don't really care personally even though I don't see us as Germans either
Just look how hung up the US is with 1776.
though it depends on the norwegian dialect
Probably will be a fight between Denmark, Austria and Scotland
(Austria)
At least that's what native speaking friends as well as my teacher told me
The only party which is kind of in favour for leaving is not in power at the moment.
It's been, like, 2 months since Ibiza
for germans: thats 4,3 Merkels
I never understood for what it is worth, but since our last Right-Right government I happily pay for it, because without it the public news media cannot be independent since it is not tax and goes directly to those institutions
Yes, yes I have
It used to be ministry of war back during the k.u.k. times though
then the speed thing is, what this graph was about and what grinds my gears
We're the same age and I live in Lower Austria, close to Vienna
My foreign husband realized that at some point and he thinks it is really weird how little Austrians cook in general and when I am abroad (of course not when I am just a tourist) I notice it too
Still better than 1,5 hrs by train and bus
Fellow viennese here, I saw this hole before but never thought nuch about it, this is so interesting
A song by german Pop singer Markt Forster called "Au Revoir".
You know sh*t‘s about to go down when politicians start rapping
My friend and desk mate left all her books in a backpack hanging from her desk the whole shool year and only took home the subjects she had homework or a test in
I am not exactly sure how much but 11K Euros immediately came to mind, so I think it's around there.
No, not at all :)
Only because by pure coincidence the English picked up the same word stem ;)
Nobody with a clear mind and with the least understanding of what this is about would vote for this crap
> La vaca, en el caso de la hembra; o toro, en el caso del macho (Bos primigenius taurus), es un mamífero artiodáctilo de la familia de los bóvidos
When did the EU impose sanctions on your shipbuilding industry?
The action of showing pride of your nation through symbols is somewhat tainted by history in Germany and Austria
-Austria
That's what they're called
Diminutive:
I don't think I shot a real gun outside of the military, during the military service I trained on several weapons.
Pölten
I also made a generous donation to Wikipedia because the last thing we need is them partnering with corporate or political sponsors
this was a huge hit
Me: yes that village is nearby but there is no mountain near us
I guess deaf people can't think either
And the [WU Campus] Has been used as a backdrop in quite a few Sci-fi-movies already
Live at the beginning of the Alps, but in a valley
It's actually quite clever since it also incorporates our flag.
I think it's definitely better than going full presidential
Man that's something else
Snow if there is a bunch of it at once and it is cold enough for it to stay, its fine
I had always assumed "The Russians are coming" was a Cold War related joke
Sydney just for confusion
**Slovenia:** thanks for having roads, for when we go on our holiday in Croatia
That german teenager brat is acting up again, it appears
Trump just told everyone we have "forest cities" and "more explosive trees", so at the moment, a lot because we love to see our country mentioned, it's not a regular occurence outside of documentaries about the Nazis
Far too many poor people over there with bad education and big dreams of an idealized Europe...
Never heard anyone else nickname their grandsons or granddaughters like that, but i find it very sweet
Truely unlimited is mostly data only for home use or tablets.
Yep, that does makes it significantly worse.
FYI those two things do not necessarily exclude one another
If I had to sum it up in one word:
That's the main point, not the other way round
Google said for a long time that the conditions are too strict
Making your country as unattractive to them as possible
Below that people generally are not considered adults yet (due to their age), so it makes sense that it wouldn't be acceptable any earlier than that.
But I think it's more of a generational gap
I always had the feeling that american pastries and breakfast food never really had a chance here in Europe.
Our second fascist Leader
Nice, I was able to understand that
And where I was (Meynooth) they had only White bread
Kohlmarkt
Have you ever seen that [ballot
And force them throw away their current citizenship
I mean you can hardly blame the first 3 for it and i garantie you that the city will burn if that happenes
Left handed peoples better hand is the left, their worse hand is the right one.
Austria just is its own name since a loooong time
Much higher household capital though than Germany in Italy
...i‘ll show myself out
But for sure there are many differences that you described very well.
Some do some don‘t. I don't think many people care alot about him
Idk about Sweden but aren't there usually waiting lists for adoptions in most western countries?
I want to see some asassin throwing someone out of a window in prag
honestly many austrians wouldn't have recognized the austrofacist eagle anyways
You have to see the tools as part of a trio with the (also golden) mural crown, which turns it into a very strong republican symbol
I’m Jewish and my accountant is Swiss and lives in Switzerland, so in 2019 I am glad that Switzerland is rich and has such stable financials
There are many different meanings of this word.
I've never been to Garmisch but I know Innsbruck and Salzburg pretty well and I would recommend Innsbruck.
Definitely, but UKIP specifically had ads about EU legizlation that was made up
How deep does this still run in Europe
You should be upvoted at least this **o/** high(l).
Normal greeting would be "Servus - Grias di/enk" and for saying goodbye you'd probably say something along the lines off "Ciao - Pfiat di/enk" or "Servus - Pfiat di/enk".
How would the modern world be
~~Who pours sauce onto Schnitzel~~
Eat while still hot but not too hot because the apricots will burn the roof of your mouth off
Hungarian attaches the adjectives to the nouns, because of this they have so long and weird looking words
Das Parfüm
"Baba" is used very informally or towards kids, so better not use that
Silos
- (I suspected something and it's now proven)
Might be an urban myth, but allegedly there were some students who released 3 pigs on the school premises and numbered them #1, #2 and #4 which led to school staff looking for #3 for days
I spent a semester in Valencia, so I have had my fair share of bad Paellas in overly touristy places
There is an Austrian-Cuban- and Austrian-North Korean friendship society
It's so good
I was shocked how much Carinthia reminded me of Austria
For a long time however, you got a public-owned flat much faster if you were a SPÖ member
if you live somewhere in the country side it's a different topic of course
Either go ahead with it or pull your heads in and admit you're all full of shit and won't be going ahead with it.
How is Sinterklaas racist
People don’t flex here at all
I'd say theft and robbery usually
Congratulations by the way, this Austrian is proud to call you his European bros today.
Or it could be that all the smaller companies dream of becoming Bosch one day
> Anschluss
Probably a mixture of both
See in German means both Sea and Lake
Also, unlike you Northern heathens I actually don't want the Vatican gone
So he gets no tax cuts or subsidized loans?
They are just the head of some part of the federal administration, and while present at meetings of the federal council they have no vote
Ster for a m³ of stacked wood
*Maybe* it was used like the [Bundesdienstflagge] is used today, but that is speculation on my part
they're basically like paranoid insane hoarders, only professional.
You raise a lot of good points I, myself, have thought about (I study economics)
from the way people behave, to how we implement security in events or where not to go at night.
She was an AWFUL teacher
-**good drinkable tap water
tbh pikant is used in *exactly* that way, with the meaning of "opposite of sweet".
Hard to earn money under the table if everything is electronic
You mean Tyrol
They have them all at Billa and Spar, in 0,5-liter cans.
I myself haven't seen the movie but apparently many people I know watch it on Christmas Eve, i don't know why
[City Hall has its own team of archeologists] They find interesting stuff beginning from the late neolithicum until the most recent decades
(Relatively) rich, small but not tiny country in the center of a continent, touristy, relatively strong focus on organic stuff and renewables
It would be much better if there was something like special family coach in each train, space for buggys and bikes
Save your internet and contact your representatives
If we're counting Austrian Dialect I'd say [Seiler & Speer - Principessa] and [Pizzera & Jaus - Liebe zum Mitnehmen]
I meant the southern bank of the Danube in Upper Austria
What's your go-to low-cost Total Stock Market ETF for Europe?
The cuisine is unique, different from other more well-known Italian dishes, and local specialities everywhere (from couscous based dishes in Trapani, to panino con la milza in Palermo).
You're not a Commie (thinking emoji)
Oe just discrimlnatory over all
Other food-related words that come to mind are tomatoes (Paradeiser instead of Tomaten) and potatoes (Erdäpfel or Grundbirnen instead of Kartoffeln)
It looks like it's in jump range no?
interestingly, over here that's a distinctly working class thing
People often say that "they understand", but it's often just an illusion as the languages sound familiar, words are simialr (but often mean different things).
One of my best friends is lesbian and autistic while in Poland
In both cases people are kinda surprised when they realise they aren't born here
Our rural police was called Gendamerie as well until they were merged with our urban police (Polizei) in 2003 or so
don't make this a bigger thing than it is
There was a hiking trip in maybe grade 7, but all I can remember is watching Scream on the bus, and some vague things about building a shelter in the woods and doing some team building exercises
„Źdźbło“
He is the personification [of this Basque poem] He is probably the most Basque man I have ever met
1) it's good to have a reality check for your romantic views on other countries
The thing is you can get addicted to everything (sugar, cigarettes, Alcohol, pills, fat/fast food, sports
You have 5 days to leave the country
>unholy mix of gypsy music and stolen Serbian turbofolk
Thanks for providing a live example for British exeptionalism.
I don't think you can blame a single country tbh
And then 20 bullets, 9 years later on a shooting range.
"\[...\]  to secure the deal recently promised by Trump and Ursula von der Leyen, the European Commission president
The neighbouring town where I grew up had an coal mine (an old shaft mine, not an open pit mine) and the Nazis added tunnels to it for storage
No, it happens often to get mistooken beeing German.
Well they are to ones who migrated.
Depends on how you define "Antiamericanism":
Just yes, really
Poppy seeds are used the exactly same way as in Czechia, unsurprisingly
Probably Turkey: they colonized large parts of Africa, Europe, the Middle East and Asia and ran a huge slave trade but nobody seems to care
Havent been in one in more than ten years though
Putin is evil, therefore Putin is evil
The public stance on all that in austria is rather .... subdued
It stays totally out of the way if you don't need it, but makes it easy to write things like a capital ẞ, proper „quotation marks“ and »literary quotation marks«, proper en – and em dashes —, and ð and ſ and ⌀ and æ and ≠ and ‽ and ✓ and ålƚ tħë diăcrīṭiçs you could ask for
Vianna hospitals report "several dead and severly injured"
He didn't even serve Austria in WW1
Hofer (the right wing candidate) is by far the most disgusting person on the political stage
We also have all of those, except the throwing-ham-sausage-thing
(and yeah, you really know how to trigger us Austrians
they have become very expensive over the last 2 decades.
Give us back our anthem or we
You guys should have taken a page out of Germany's / Austria's book: condense all your historic shittiness into a 10 year period and then apologise profusely for it instead of dragging it out for centuries
/u/titletoimagebot
You do however have a word for the solution to Wackelkontakt, which i envy you for: percussive maintenance
usually it's hidden behind the knob for closing the drain
The bus rides weren't so good (I have motion sickness) but the city is beautiful (and the sea of course, and the landscape :D) There's an island at the sea connected to Edinburgh with a bridge (I guess)
This one of the first songs we learned for our English classes, along with the other classic "If you're happy and you know it, clap your hands".
I always thought people younger than 30 in Germany and Austria speak english well enough to have (simple) conversations with strangers about common topics.
"Auf Wiederschaun" also but it's more formal.
We all know it has to be Aramaic, the language spoken by our Lord and savior Jesus Christ.
There are probably one or two bears in the whole country
Well, the US ending with the 2 dudes in „Love, actually“ was probably even more more cringy for Americans than it was for me
That girls usually don't want to play soccer.
[Jan Böhmermann is already preparing for 2018]
He is very much Part of the Austrian Heritage
When I try to get home fast at night, some women are still afraid and tend to speed up although it's in the 6th district which is kind of upper class
for winter time you got a cozy dressing gown ;)
And she is hella smart
Muotio	FI
24th on the evening, Christmas dinner ([noodle soup with Frankfurter] and the meat that was used for the soup afterwards, together with close family, parents, grandparents (sometimes close neighbours)
This might not be 100% accurate
nope, not at all
,and it's up to the Ukrainian people to decide which trade block and miliary alliance they want to join.
When I had sex at home before that, we just had the TV or music running
Oh boy, my favorite topic lol
UK, Japan, New Zealand etc
Yup, I love Jesus, guns & freedom.
We speak a dialect many Germans don’t understand, even Bavarians
We sometimes use some weird metric based units like dekagramm (or just deka)
SÖMMI KRUZIFIX
-**cozy relaxed dinners with friends
It is basically impossible unless you own a pet shop
Thanks to Switzerland for Rösti and being my partner‘s homeland
It might be news for you but this has been known to carriers for a very long time.
[Watch this video] and tell me again that this is not a "wanna-be High German"
I also see it more as a pentagon
I know the doors of all my ~15 neighbor houses and only one of them has a self locking door
Also producing pavers and piping systems
Is this true
ooh that's a good one, we observe that here as well
The same retards get upvoted
Especially if you take into account that 'gamlat' can also mean rotten.
We had lockers
Sooo, basically pre-anime Hetalia i guess?
Yes, but why did it happen and who exactly is resonsible?
Also Vienna water is fucking cold
My grandmother told the same story, except the French soldiers didn't behave quite as nicely in hers
As someone just 5 kilometers away from the Mühlviertel and as a native of the district Eferding (basically farmer central in the upperaustrian heartland) I prolly should also confess that we're also a bit countrybumpkiny
But it would only defuse the fear of getting invaded which lead to the invasion in the first place.
In czechia is pretty comparable to google maps, here it's just
Rent and public transport prices are wild in Germany
When asked about another critic — French Jewish singer Patrick Bruel — Le Pen said then that he would be part of “a batch we will get next time,” using the word “fournee” for “batch”, evoking the word “four,” which means “oven.”
Now combine that with the already existing stereotypes that leads to some people not only thinking that every American is a fat dumb gun-nut but actually now seeing Americans as representative of the USA's foreign policy
Hey
At night, 17°. 15° and below would be cold, if I'm not moving around
in slaughtering the Hungarian revolutionaries)
Been there, done that
Yes, it's called [olm or proteus (Proteus anguinis)]
What I meant is that guttural has a certain meaning in linguistics.
Thus they had to increasingly lean on Britain to survive as a country
German supply chains keep a lot of people in work all over Europe.
As are most in this whole post
Cutest old town I've ever been to
There are areas of Austria (mostly along the sothern/southeastern border) that have special provisions like bilingual schools and kindergartens and signs for the Slovenian, Hungarian and Croat minorities
Not German, but my grand-father was drafted and had to serve in Crimea
Rapunzel is named Rapunzel because her mom had some serious pregnancy hunger flashes and wanted some rampion salad (Rapunzel)
Natives do it too, where I live
He thought he dreamt it when he woke up until
That's basically the mentality that a lot of people still have
I second this because of the Brno racetrack, a great circuit
Das Barett schaut aus wie hingschissen
Of course these people exist, but these people are not all of the "left", nor do I believe they are a majority.
Berlin
Don't you Brits have exemptions en masse anyway?
I am also from Vienna and in my early twentys and it is shocking to think how much snow I experienced as a child and generally how different the seasons were
Well, our last two friendships didn't work out that great for everyone else, so we decided that to be alone for now
I know, that´s why I wrote it as I knew the Cloggies would get the joke in it
It's just a matter of getting used to.
Still better than huge ass-spiders
Voralberger dialect is impossible to understand
That whole area along Traun and Ager, between Marchtrenk and Attnang-Puchheim is terrible
But if we pick Sissi (Sisi) as a pincess, then a horse would make most sense as her animal sidekick
Technical it was, Hitler gave chancellor Schuchnigg an Ultimatum how Austria should be hand over to Germany peacefully with more demands as they negotiated before, else they move the Wehrmacht to Austria
[Meanwhile in Austria ...]
They never do
Iran used to do exactly that in the 1970s and they might go back to it if they feel threatened enough / backed into a corner
Because I think the differ
After it was build, the gov asked the people if they want it
Maybe because most were build from private investors so there was a natural will to differ you building from the other
German, I am a native german speaker and it still confuses me sometimes
I do not know a single Austrian person - my mother included - who cooks really regularly, if they are in the mood for it or not
Denmark is just Switzerland but from a bizarro parallel universe
You could give it to Finland in exchange for Aland
If so, this may be a valid option.
I'm surprised self defense laws are so strict.
You will get a bunch of oppinions that may vary over time and shift
Can't wait to have an even bigger tax haven swimming next to France.
"Get ready for some good times together, my darling
But after reading about the US problems with their waste, I appreciate the decision of my ancestors.
Some people here really hate Germans
We don't have any tax deals with companies like Ireland or others.
I think people complain where ever they are..
So that's what they meant when they said unleash the power of the sun
Also "Funiculi, funicula".
Come on, when has an Austrian expat in Germany ever gone wrong
But overall I have very few complains, and it is definitely preferable to the alternative
And then I wouldn't call it hate or dislike either
000 while Vienna had ~50
Non-drivers paying for general infrastructure that allows vegetables being transported to their supermarkets makes sense.
Still not great but much better
Even our chancellor used the words „outdoor“ and „indoor“ last week instead of the German „draußen“ and „drinnen“.
And since english is more relevant in our daily lives denglisch also slowly becomes more popular
Their dialect sounds like barking
Who would even want a shitty plate without our glorious stars?
The few steps up I'd call Hochparterre
Out of the three major schools I know one has lockers (the one with the most students)
In the end I think they are just way too expensive for what they offer
What's wrong with Nunavut
From what I know German federal states are all pretty different, especially Bavaria because even Austrians often think it‘s more Austrian than German (mindset, tradition clothing, dialect, etc etc), so I thought maybe you could identify with other states
I hate german memes in general, the only exceptions are political memes in r/Austria or r/aeiou specifically made for us
Most judges are already busy all day
Romans and Gauls
Ohh but evil Austria for closing the Balkan routes with other countries :^)
Our school system is built for mediocrity, awful for students with mental health issues or learning difficulties
If for better or worse depends on where you stand politically.
I remember I downloaded belarussian for google translate when I went there and when I was there people told me no one speaks that
Too jaded by rightwing poles really espousing that belief to not automatically belief it to be genuine
"death to America, death to America, death to America"
I barely/never get any words mixed up, which is surprising considering how forgetful I am
Roosevelt and Stalin were pretty great friends, as it happened
ಠ_ಠ
Of course, the Netherland has already the solution to the rising sea level
(And no, I'm not whooshing here
If I ever googled someone, I’d be embarrassed to tell them as it feels like an invasion of privacy (example: court records will appear in google searches)
Our former Secretary of Interior said that he wants to concentrate Asylum Seekers in camps
And no, it has nothing to do with the Nazis
;-)
We had it in primary school but that didn’t teach me anything
do you actually speak standard german
net (hardcore Bedwars)
for instance when I was younger I was very confused about the word tungsten because in Swedish it literally means heavy stone even tho it’s a metal
I know that in the US it's pretty much agreed upon that as soon as you have citizenship you are an American.
wasn't it us austrians who made this innoccent painter go mad?
Nowadays you can get e recipe for it, but it's very hard to get one and you have to buy it from the pharmacy for 10x the usual price
That's me
I mean most workplaces hold someone with a "Meister" title in higher regards then a fresh engineer and rightfully so in my opinion
I really ate good everytime in Ireland
Guess the designers figure "surfing on the beaches of California is something unoffensive all potential customers can agree on
497)
You don't want to integrate solar with your power grid if you can avoid it.
At least when it comes to Vienna - Budapest and Vienna - Prague.
Beeing orthodox, catholic or muslim is often synonymous for beeing serb, croat or bosniak
Collapsed Bridge over a Highway at Ancona, Italy Yesterday
Yes and no, it is a bit more nuanced than this - but in general yes, you won't be fined if you don't carry an ID document as a citizen
the stairs right behind the entrance make lugging up your bike each day to put it out in the back yard cumbersome
I guess some high speed routes could widen this to some degree, but I'm not sure if getting from Vienna to e.g. Lisbon for let's say ~200€ in current purchasing power in one night by train is realistic any time soon
Who are the pink
This is actually also impolite in Austria
The 180 day period is a rolling one.
Am potato
If you are in the center or left, you will dislike the FPÖ and ÖVP
Wasnt the german lofi girl merkel
Nah, that's just me
word for word into German
Yeah, the Germans and Austrians said about everything we have around here except one I haven‘t seen: [Mezzo Mix] It‘s known as Spezi, except that Spezi is more of a name that is used for all brands (e.g. Cola) whereas Mezzo Mix is more of a specific brand (e.g. for Cola - Coca Cola or Pepsi
It wouldn't sit well with me, if one country suddenldy called themselves "Europe" in short and "European".
Il barbiere di Siviglia - Overture and Fígaro
For now, Americans don't like losers and Trump has lost
All the other stuff is just man made bs
Why did you make up a fake word for Semmel?
I'd say only the adjective "orientalisch" is in use - and not meaning "as far east as possible" but "from the region beginning in Turkey, Arabian peninsula, Persia and borderline India)
The Emperors' bodies are buried in the Kaisergruft in the Kapuzinerkloster at Neuer Markt
but so many issues coming together in such a massive outbreak, feels like somebody has been pouring gasoline on the little flames to turn it into a huge firestorm
Like an r/Maghreb but with a lot of people in it
The dumplings are steamed instead of cooked and served with a shitton of butter and poppy seeds mixed with powdered sugar
Also Voss sold in the US is actually bottled in the US, not in Norway
The ones I know don't feel european though.
Germany is flooding the german speaking world with their german german media, to the point that the younger generations don't even or only barely know their own german varieties and/or consider them wrong.
And because I was under 18 my parents didn't have to pay any deductibles
Öxit is pretty cool as well
) Burgenland
* driving on any lane on the motorway
Afaik there are some Episodes of it at YouTube, but Not all
Never stay up a little late or go to bed early
You might be right - I think the Hungarian one is more intense than what you can get here, eventhough the most famous brandname is "Kotányi", so it implies it's Hungarian
I just got lucky, my dad forced me to study my vocabulary every evening, to get my spelling down and to read books in English with him when I was in middle school, otherwise I'd probably still be struggling like so many other people I know
Der Dativ ist dem Genitiv sein Tod
As it is, [a few countries bear most of the weight]
People have told me that my dialect is on the more extreme side however, which might be because I really don't like using Standard German words when we've got perfectly fine local words for it.
If I‘m going jogging, 5°. If I‘m walking/sitting, 15°.
But of course that's hard to say.
You have to go with your gut here, the size of the roll depends on the size of your apricots
When your newspaper title reads like a the_donald excerpt
So the couple marries and after the ceremony all the guests go together to a restaurant
But I will do that the next time I don’t have a pizza cutter
Makes them feel safer, for basically no effort on your side
I personally would also write "fru" instead of "zru", but that probably depends on if you're used to a more British or American pronounciation
My whole neighbourhood actually is a historic area as there was not only a Roman civilian settlement for a long time (right outside of the military city Vindobona, now in the 1st district of Vienna), but before that it had been a Celtic settlement since the Bronze Ages
Doubt he's against it after the lockdown and previous facemask requirements
Und Augen, Ohren, Nase, Mund
>Even though the Swiss german is quite hard to understand we can it if we really try
Because it's a Laib and not a Kugel.
You will have fun trying to wrap your head around places like Indonesia/China/India.
Normal windows since the 80s
In STEM, aka one of the best paid job fields and also one where most people will get a degree in, telematics is really looked up to
A so a bledsinn, mi vastead awoi jeda
parking space probably not included
Ist viel schwieriger, weil sich sofort jemand auf den Schlips gtreten fühlt
If i head more than 7 lessons either 6th or 7th was free
I get the idea but it would be hard to implement
So from an American standpoint it makes a lot of sense.
Like how trains go directly from Vienna to Slovakia, but I highly doubt that there are trains going from any Austrian city to eg Norway without having to switch trains at least once
Petition for Finland EU referendum fails to advance to parliament
We have the same tradition, but I didn't know it was reserved for the dead
Dead:
Why
She still needs a sidekick though
pretty normal thing to do, and we don't even have an ocean in this country
But that one's boring
How would Turkey take military action against the Netherlands?
100 	g All purpose flour
The movie plays in the 80s I think)
Germany, but it's also our greatest enemy
We don't have it written in law either, but it's in the *Kollektivvertrag*, which is binding for employers and employees
It was popularized by American businessman after WW2 and is a supermarket staple
And also, I seriously never felt so unsafe in another place, and I have lived in several big cities around the world
No, but the emphasis on germans is a pretty unnecessary descriptor
You're only allowed to vote in your country of residence  on a municipial level (in most cases), sometimes *I think* on a regional level (definitely no in Austria though) and in EU-elections
the steak was medium rare, complete opposite of schnitzel masterrace
Seriously, this has to stop
I also think that "Passt scho" is the most fitting phrase here
Dübel = Dibl
TIL
I personally don't believe that, but we'll see.
And since russian politics isn't usually a front runner for LGBT-friendliness I asked for an explanation for the prevalence of unisex pubic toilets.
You should seriously consider to sell the DB to ÖBB
Especially with older people or people with kids it's common to ask "can you wrap the rest" to take it home
My buddy invited him to see the flat
> The avg
If you look at the graphs for European countries and the US, the difference is just extreme
Also sucks for your rental, usually you have to account for the damage
As someone working professionally in history it is a record scratcher when somene makes a "realistic" (which is nearly impossible) game about history, makes sweepung statements about history especially in regards to talking points about whiteness and women in opposition to the opinion academics that are immersed on the subject (who then get nunerous death threats from gamer gaters) and then turns out to like people who are "race-realists", talk about the "jewish question and are in favour of stopping "white replacement" (which basically means holocausting everyone who is not "white")
> Jutebeutel
There's also a saying comparing former Nazis who joined the SPÖ (social democratic party) after WWII to Punschkrapferl: “red on the outside, brown on the inside”
Yes, Vienna is well known to have a lot of international spies and intelligence activities due to Austria being a neutral country and being located between East (USSR) and west (Nato)
I was in Rotterdam, the Hague, Amsterdam and a few smaller cities and Texel back in 2019
He spent about a year in a camp in Belgium where he had to dismantle military vehicles
Happy austrian noices
Comparing it with the Crimea referendum is not really appropriate
Sometimes I even think antivaxers have our best interest in mind
welcome to austria
And it is still not a very popular theme, many people ignore it or, especially older people, say that it was impossible to predict that that was going to happen.
I am near Graz and I know many Spaniards who have come to study Maschinenbau.
Somewhere there is German wondering: "Wait, no Ketchup
Down syndrom is also not inhertied.
Franzmayr didn't get the job due to his ties to the FPÖ party
[Video of the traffic]
That is kinda fucked up
No, I didn't even know what to do with my "Wahlinformation".
True - we produce a surplus of milk and butter, so it has been a staple for generations while peanut butter is sold in the exotic foods section.
Edit: germany and austria for the „AcTuAlLy
Was soll das
I actually don't know them so that goes on my "check it out"-list
Also, it's nice to be able transport larger items without a hassle or to rent an Ikea truck to move homes
Overall the whole Salzkammergut is liked I think
You can drop out completely, it just means that you have to officially leave your church, means you cannot do any cultural events within the church anymore.
However the direct interactions of the characters seem a bit
My LDL is 100 mg/dl and my HDL is 50 mg/dl
That is probably the most American thing I've read in this thread so far
Actually if you got to make dough on your own anyhow, you should definitely make the curd based dough from /u/little_bohemian's recipe (from the 1st link)
(Eg musical history is only for Music
However (and most Austrians don't realize this either) the colors of the CoA are black (eagle), red (tongue), and gold (the "trio", the beak and the fangs), which is a hint to the [traditional pan-German colors] (i.e. Germany including Austria), which also have a strong republican connotation – opposed to the Prussian-dynastic black-white-red
Also cool article, I've read it a while ago and found our stances quite similar
2 things i take away from here:
Some of those cellars are still open to the public, for example the 12 Apostelkeller or the Eszterhazykeller
You know what
When I was a kid, I always thought Austria kinda looks like a guitar
I'm pro vaccinations but against any forced medical procedures
It‘s very probable
As far as I know that is due to high iron or nitrate content or high water hardness, all within quality standards though
It's gotten to the point where I really have to strain to hear words and not just sounds, and have to look up lyrics if I really want to know what a song is about (and normally, promptly regret I did so)
Up until the 90s yes, nowadays absolutely not
Waldviertel kinda as well
A good daytrip for a mostly beach holiday.
Of course, since you live right next to Carinthia/Koroška that doesn't really apply to you
Could be, Twitter really isn't popular in Austria.
In German you are so used seeing it as one unit, one sound
Suddenly, it had a question mark over its head
[Austria/AT] Taxes on investment income in US individual retirement accounts
Weird attitude towards sex & nudity
Servas
> But I'm definitely not going to start discussing anecdotal evidence, that's not science but personal opinions
I‘ve heard of Thomas Brenzina once in my life, and that‘s because my german friends talked about him
No, but notifications brought me back
To bring stuff like that up in a conversation first thing seems rather untactful
[Almdudler] is a herbal soda, the most comparable drink I know is Ginger ale, but it's a little bit sweeter and doesn't have the ginger after taste
But yeah, generally good advice, except for the timing right now
beautiful map, just a bit too much yellow
Is that why US presidental candidates spend 95% of their campaign time in rural America talking about fertilisers instead of talking to those paying the most taxes?
&#x200B;
Time spent in jail, earnings, bankcruptcy, sickness, visits at the doctor, operations.
&#x200B;
Obviously the details for the pronunciation and mild deviations for spelling vary, similar to middle high German, but also like middle high German there are rules and not using them right makes sentences feel kinda off
Voting with 16 years old
They are far from cheap though and mostly for tourists and people making day trips or drinking wine in the evening
I would estimate the % of men sunbathing topless well above 90% though
Historically sure it could have developed with austria being part of germany, but it didn't. No other region of german speaking people had this development, because austria was part of the strong habsburger monarchy and because of politics etc austria just didnt become a part of germany when they formed in the 19th century
Im einfachsten Fall wird der Umlaut ü einfach durch den ähnlichen Vokal u ersetzt
Funny that you bring this up, I found a YouTube video about exactly that topic yesterday: [
Sarcasm aside: corruption actually runs deep in Austria's political and public veins, but not the kind of in-your-face corruption you might think of, but a way more subtle kind, the kind where legal grey areas get exploited by those in power
Eng mit dem Wort Austria verwandt sind auch die Namen Austrasien und Austrien für das Ostfrankenreich bzw
And germany and France aren't even the countries with the highest percentage of smokers.
We stretch the o much more than English does
Like, not even close to Germany
There are differences in Vocabulary, however, especially in central to eastern Austria there's many more similarities in Language then there are differences.
austria never belonged to germany, except for hitler party time.
I personally cook and bake a lot
Just have whatever other email provider you use pull the mails from gmx via POP3
it was on our to do list at our last visit but somehow we circled around, stayed some days at Bunclody, but only visit the coast and the hills at the Carlow/Wexford border.
As long as you're familiar with manual cars and know how to shift you should be fine.
Should I change my facebook profile picture already?
> forgetting to use articles
what have we done
it will always be Vienna
I think the above user is referring to the double headed eagle Coat of Arms of the Austrofascist state, [which can be seen on top of the Austrian flag in the English Wikipedia] But afaik that was never an official flag
also see the comment [here] that explains why
One one hand yes - I want people who want to become Austrians to be able to communicate with their future countryman
It's a strange little microcosm, with similar historical events as the European continent condensed on to an island smaller than Germany
Before you started importing Mogadishu.
It's not 1938 my friend, the reaction would be quite the opposite now
The first neighbor is my cousin, the second one organized me a job that i needed to finish school and his wife is related to the wife of my cousine (the one on the other side)
>Also at least here there is tons of other email providers
Sorry but this is not how development works.
Japan simply because I find their culture interesting, not sure if I would actually want to stay there though.
&#x200B;
They don’t want to, like Switzerland
Center-left won over far right, so good.
(Standard German word would be 'Festlichkeit')
that made my whole day because the nun was so happy to meet a chilean in austria
University usually starts at 18 for women and 19 for men because of the mandatory military/civilian service
At a funeral I would follow all the religious rituals and whatnot out of respect for the dead but generally no
The only thing i can think of is that we are to small of a country and therefore market for a lot of the biggest companies to care about us
An idiot doing a Nazi salute does not
5l of finnish beer
Ive never heard about it until now, but after reading a bit about it i'm intrigued to hear some stories, if you dont mind :)
Maybe because you didn't anticipate your host's needs for some extra preparation time, or because you don't show willingness to discern between a friendly and a professional setting, basically saying you feel with your friends like you'd feel at a job interview
Sometimes we have snow at the end of February or beginning of March
...or memorials with Austria and the Sudetenland included.
"go travel the world" they said, "see different people from other cultures", they said
It's just mostly boring work without any benefits for society and shit pay
1) I think American food deserves to be on this list.
European, Home and the European Union, if you want to count that as one word
Nobody needs this slimy wannabe-Orbán.
Coming from another single man btw
I hope the name european union isn't used anywhere since that would be the best name for something like that
Language schools are not wrong to teach genetive
10,000 died
The only thing I even know about Singapore is that there are quite high fines when you litter
* Italy maybe bc of WW1 and WW2
Every list of rich people that doesn't include Jakob Fugger can't be correct.
I am in Engineering and my internships paid 1200-2000€ per month
Trust would be my biggest issue if you cannot depend on the US not going full batshit every four years
Berlin, Cologne, Munich
Lass ihn dir schmecken, mein Freund
So you have catholic, calvinist, lutheran as well as jewish, sunni, alavit gettimg their own teachers
One has nothing to do with the other.
He claimed some leftists created the account to get him negative press for the election
Burg Liechtenstein
You misspelled Austria
Didn't sign it anways and switched banks soon after (and because many people were dissatisfied and leaving, this particular branch of the old bank closed 2 years after that)
That's a pure goodwill gesture and they can bind ot to whatever they want and Greece can either accept it or got Hell(as).
Sugar Hill Gang's
Hope you're never getting sick
In a recent episode of Rick & Morty, there is a quick line in the original english version that is in german
There is the President of the Council, the President of the Commission and the President of the Parliament.
If you are so certain that the majority doesnt want independece, let them vote
Of course there are also quite some differences, but looking at other central american countries in comparison, CR really stands out
>	She gets about 1 week more vacation per year than I do
I always thought of it as a north German expression
I only understand railway station and
and everything else what I always considered normal here
But possibly in 50 or 100
Küss die Hand schöne Frau, ihre Augen sind so blau...
alternative link (if first is blocked) [
Greet You, i am the John, beautiful, You knowing-to-learning
I am sure we can fake a vote ;)
I guess when this type of sausage made its way back to Germany it came from Vienna, hence called Wiener there (or Wienerli in Switzerland)
OOOOH YEAAAAH*
Swedish model aka Nordic model which makes buying sex illegal but only for the one who buys it, look it up
In Austria most people could speak written German but hardly anyone does so as every part of Austria has dialects
But in reality they thought maybe austria will a get a good status in the 3rd reich, as austrians are the better germans
if there's a way to help without threatening the EU, good do it.
Gülle = jauchn
I guess Portugal a little bit more because then we can say that we are so good because we played 0:0 against the European champion.
You literally see it in the landscape when you cross the border from Bizkaia to Cantabria, bc those poison green leaves start sprouting everywhere all of a sudden
And now comes the biggest bullshit, there are special words in standard german for 100, 1000, 10000,... that also are just 100, 1000, 10000,... with an e at the end of the word, these words have the meaning, significantly more then 100, 1000, 10000,... , and the dialekt versions also have this meaning, therefor you have numbers that are build like the words that reference an exact number of things but don't reference an exact number
If an outside force such as the EU is telling Austria that it is not allowed to safeguard it's own citizens or security then it is probably time to either change the EU or leave the EU.
Well but he wasn’t? It‘s not even a lie to say that
It's easy for travelers who want to see a big Asian city but are afraid/unexperienced in travelling, because of it's Britsh influence
In order to make all of this look a bit more democratic on the international stage, the Nazis organized a [referendum] in April 1938
Not to English but to Spanish
> Would you mind to give an example
Slovenia, so we'll finally break from the landlock
quite
Jobs in a creative environment, like marketing agencies sometimes already pay full salary for 32h.
I'd probably be some rural bureaucrat, given my families background
Self determination is actually meant for countries / people under forgein control / people being oppressed
Mainly because of Silesia which I kind of view as a "next door"-region to Austria
> Once you go further from primary education it starts decreasing as your studies improve
Meh, no pizza
my country comes in last in FTTH (fiber to the house)
(Rank 15 in the corruption perception index
No, but also not savoury
And in many places taxis are shit too
Language schools are not wrong to teach genetive
Ok, AH prevented the region from getting unified under local rule, but other than that, they weren't much worse than any other cultural supremacists in europe
Well last time Germany tried to 'fix a problem' related to religion it didn't end well.
I thought we got along well all those years!
Travel: Passport, not everyone only travels in Schengen (a very popular destination - Croatia - still is not part of the Schengen area) and a passport costs 75,90€ while an ID card costs 61,50€ (both vaild for 10 years)
I don't know why one should veer into another lane
Like, I wouldn't even mind mind if they got some native speaker actor from the street, who speaks in a super weird dialect (like Bernese or Platt or whatever), but this is just insulting
Some of them look like they're from the 1880s and not the 1990s. Incredible to see how much progress has happend in just 40 years
It’s great to hop in your car and just drive and be in another country
No it's not
Have you ever even visited Linz
Estonian – Viin
Schweißausbruch is a sudden sweat attack and Scheißausbruch is a sudden shit attack
It's conceivable that - even tho some Austrian towns aren't too keen on being submerged - Bratislava will most likely grow into Austria
1,974m wide, 6,474m long and 2,636m high.
someone should set him straight.
We have so many other sociopaths that never get the recognition they deserve lol
willhaben.at is one of the most visited websites in Austria.
You really got a taste of Karma
Des is gleich in allen Dialekten
There's no need to "remove" anything, because there's no maximum of EU languages
So no we know how carrying the burden does NOT look for you
Alternatively, Burgenland or Kärnten
Prob Haider or Strache
Our nationality being an artificial one doesn't change the fact that only the worst kind of right-extremists would still consider us German
Socks are only for shoes and house shoes only for when it's really cold
German and French in my opinion
There is obviously some influence from the US but it's not so bad.
That's exactly what a government bot would say, don't trust his words
They started a poll, people except Germans didn't care to participate
would translate to
Wouldn't the other way round make much sense
Look at all major cities, they are well below that
No difference in respect or politeness levels, just different things that are perceived as polite or respectful
This is Austria, good sir
Did you fall off a balcony or piss in someone's doorway
Good luck
They actually mention that they define a no-go zone as a place where when an ambulance or the fire department is called to a certain district, they will be accompanied by police.
The meat is usually pricey though, so it's more of a gourmet food thing and not something for everyday cooking
If the UK wants an trade deal thats ok for both parties, we will live with it.
And then there's Vorarlberg
We are quite conservative with technology on the one hand but relatively liberal regarding sexuality
Also made the experience, that there is waaaay less work to be done when you go regularily
I only came across that song by coincidence like two years ago
Also I fond the complaining stereotype amusing becaise it's honestly true
Christ, no
Another Alpine instrument is the Hackbrett, but Styrian Accordion, Violas and Guitars also feature a lot in traditional music
Desinfiszier dich mal, das ist hier seid Jahren Standart
Hartmann von Aue
Meat from Germany was also under ban because of the mad cow disease
Find the winners, top 10 and top 25 of all the years on the [Wikipedia article]
You also have one of the best culture
Plus the Mongol Empire, apparently
There are 2 different a's in the bottom example
I'd say the urinal etiquette is the same in Austria, unless there's like a queue already waiting
Posing with/popping the Nazi salute "for fun" or for a picture
It is in my opinion rather pointless, to have screaming kids in every coach
Suddenly, many more well paid female workers
And no additional security is gained
(He basicly said, if austria and germany would be in the balkans we would not just make fun about each other but instead stab us till noone is moving just over the question if austrian is a different language or a dialekt)
If you want cheap food, then you have to eat kebap
Also I doubt Mozart will fall out of history just like that in the next decades
Probably because the family of Liechtenstein has quite some claims on Czech lands
They should promote the shit out of this in EU member states and put lots of money in it.
:-)
Yeah, but you don't give up on democracy in your country because some politicians voted for a shit law
Not really what you are looking for, but Netflix is kinda working on it.
Admittedly I was cheating by using military abbreviations but they are all real.
Suddenly I'm super happy about our Nordsee stores
According to a German EMT, 112 works in the USA and 911 works in the EU
I'm happy that he is vocal about this.
all of that and more
this goes in general by the way: if you have to ask, don't be all naive and friendly about it, instead act like you're sorry for having to ask
I heard about it the first time ever when I stayed at a hostel in sofia, and when I showed the pictures to people back home, some didn't believe me that this is in Bulgaria because they have such a wrong image of the beautiful country
nothing suspicious about that name eh) that called for getting it back but they were irrelevant
[Steirereck] has 2 michelin stars iirc.
Or in other words: We are never ever ever getting back together.
The French and Italian speaking Swiss were against Vorarlberg because it would have given the German speakers more power.
So your argument is that the quarters of the year are not comparable with those of previous years, because following your argument crime distributes completely randomly during the year?
If you’re not average and neurotypical, Austria‘s education system was not made for you
I think the Balkan community in Austria is much bigger, has a lot more history dating back to the monarchy and is much more diverse in the public reception
What did Liechtenstein to them
Beide scheiße aber beide im angesicht der Situation mehr oder weniger unausweichlich
One thing I would do is distribute the refugees more evenly across the member states of the EU.
Sometimes, however, that wind stops and that’s when it gets real bad
Of course they do it is tradition
I see many people using that shit in Austria
Also, people don't stare at you if they are looking towards your direction without starting a small talk, - just the "acceptable looking at someone time" seems to be longer here than in your country.
We usually don't engage in such tomfoolery and just call them "Wiener Schnitzel vom Schwein".
However i just remembered after reading another comment that the tramways in Vienna have little european flags on them in the first weeks of may in celebration of these days
In Vienna you can get a 70-80 m² appartment for that money
The only way for Eastern countries to stabilise in population is to poach it from others in the region
Edit: many culprits are not outright neonazis but stupid (mostly male) students visting the sites as part of a school trip
These resolutions require an unanimous vote.
Our first fascist Leader
I'd say the whole barrio del Carmen as well
Well the German Wikipedia is the 2nd biggest (if you exclude the Swedish and Cebuano one, which are mostly bot generated) after the English one
There is almost no snow, especially around Christmas.
If you have nothing better to do, you can watch it
yeah, they were
I'd rather have them adapt
It also didnt help that the unifying institutions of a "greek" empire had been increasingly shattered
Blockhaus is a house made from blocks of wood
Hence our general defense plan against a Soviet invasion was developed by a civilian consultant (who formerly was a prominent member of the OKH I think)
"baba" is too informal though normally
>I personally don’t even count Swiss German as German because who tf can even understand them besides the Swiss
When I did Erasmus and met on a weekday with my group of friends from all kinds of European countries, I realized how more alcohol I usually consumed than anybody else
There is the saying that the first child takes variable time while the second one always takes nine months
"The rest is Austria"
.... CK II is fun
Hard to imagine you joking anymore with all the ridiculousness Sweden comes up with.
up to 2 years of maternity leave (fathers can consume part of it instead of mothers)
I think in English one thinks of the moon as female and the sun as male, when personified
Richard Löwental said summed it up perfectly: "The Austrians wanted to become Germans, till they became Germans"
we call them "poor knights" here
> The feelings about it were very mixed
Radetzky March
Allah
Not really
Slavic and Turkish speakers do the same thing in German, they tend to omit articles and sometimes even prepositions
The problem is that the EU is not one country
That will get them motivated
Based on that, children in the Czech Republic probably learn that he was born in Czech Republic (and therefore consider him a Czech) and kids in Austria learn that Mozart was born in Austria (and therefore consider him Austrian)
Walking from the UK to Austria or Switzerland is not possible in a week.
It just would be like game of thrones, but only the parts north of the wall
Most of the classics that don’t use fancy meat cuts are basically „poor people food“.
Usually our dialects are 100x more melodic and softer than this ugly and artificial Standard German shit.
You see how that worked out in the US
"Richi" didn't refer to Empire in the classical sense but rather land directly controller by a ruler
The most murderous country in western europe
Heads up: It was in Dubai, not Saudi.
Gigritz evidently mimics the sound a crow makes
He's about as independent as Trump.
I can smell the death
Totally normal in Austria, nothing medieval about it
When they built the house in 1910, they found copper melting ovens in the floor of this half basement, as well as old roof tiles
Hah, that *does* sound pretty annoying.
I tried listing as many known names as possible, I may have missed some but I do think I got the top of the top
I’d just show him a map and say “You fucked up
However, the fine is so inconsequential that the last two companies I worked at just paid the fine
Rather Kurz getting into the EU commission in 10-15 years and deploying heavy military forces to the Turkish border because of climate refugees
Sure, your "economy" might be better but at the expense of the people
But I also felt that in the theme of OP's question, where they mention parties on the ballot vs in parliament, I thought it was an interesting point: being elected doesn't always mean sitting in parliament
just the perfect mix of cute and stupid
I met some non natives who speak German fluently
Thank you
Never would I dare to call it Pfannkuchen.
Farewell Britons, I can´t believe this really happened
Except we don't act as if we were innocent
Spanish, French, Russian, or a slavic language can be extremely useful, because, well, Spanish and French are two of the most spoken languages worldwide
I propose the name "Chillige Oberzillertaler Bergabwärts-Rutscher Austria" - but it's a bit unwieldy, maybe we can come up with a shorter variant or an acronym
99 if I pay for all twelve months in advance
Also East Tyrol
I don't even feel connected to my country that much.
De ersten kannst ignorieren
all the time, but I'm a man
morbid
&#x200B;
"Hauptschule" has cooking lessons, "Gymnasium" not
As a Salzburgian, I gotta agree
But yes, I'm aware of what you're pointing out
And the owners of the garden don't want to constantly pay police fines for noise disturbances
Belvedere 21
My first search for generic topics is always in English, the German one I only use only for specific local things
someone wanna write a letter to the EU?
But if people start using safe, cringe and so one it gets very annoying
A ukraininan friend of mine had small troubles in a karaoke bar (people starting to boo him out) in Russia when he wanted to sing a sailor song from Odessa (Ukraine...) of all possible songs, that's about all I recently heard from personal experiences.
Truly, you were right
"Europe broke, how could this pass, so bad hurrdurr" is in essence calling this democratic system broken
It happens a lot
I do understand why the vote wasn't internationally recognized but I see no further interest of those critics in having another "independent" vote by their standards.
In order to explain, i copy a previous comment of mine:
I grew up in eastern Styria and it's very much ÖVP country, not red
I'm surprised to find reddit to be rather left wing oriented according to this topic
Producing Injections Molds, Automation Robots and other equipment for producing all sorts of plastics and synthetics
Their name literally means "South-German Newspaper".
Im Dezember habens das aber in Fugging umbenannt
It‘s simplicity in a pure form
Fair enough
Is Spickzettel (glance sheet) a thing in Austria
Haha
Upperaustrian is the second worst thing you could call me just after viennese
The epithet is first documented in a 1366 sequel of the Sächsische Weltchronik (Saxon World Chronicle); she was also called Medusa by the Florence chronicler Filippo Villani and is further known by a variety of nicknames, including Kriemhild, Medusa, Mouthpoke, Pocket-mouth, Satchel-mouth, the Big Mouth, the Mouth Bag, the Pocket-Mouthed, the She-Wolf of the Tyrol, the Ugly Duchess, and With the Pouch Mouth.
Or is the country at large fine with it
Sorry :(
You mean like Corona
apart from that it's mostly gmail and gmx, hotmail, yahoo though, I'll concede that
/r/aeiou for the Austro-Hungarian-Empire
The rest is just confusing
Havent been in one in more than ten years though
For the correct ' I have to hit shift-# and for the ´ I only have to hit the key next to the backspace
End of May = End of May
Now on lovely 1000/50 fttp
I remember one german co-worker being very annoyed because the baker he went to was talking English to them all the time
Lol
Honestly I think 3 points may be enough to advance and 4 is almost a safe-call for knock-out stage
Sorry for not following up on this so far.
Slovenia is indeed lovely
Many people in my valley think it’s the most beautiful place in the world, and yes, it is beautiful but most of the people who say that have never even left Austria
Que viven, ¡en la mierda
Always especially sad when I see the placques for the Spanish Republicans murdered in the Mauthausen concentration camp near where I live
Can't comment on Danish crowns, but I think overall they look very similar to Euros in design.
We weren't exactly an ally, but I can tell you how Austria (mis)handled the issue.
I went there a few times with my parents (Sopron, HU), and the wealth gap was huge.
who could have guessed that
Fuck the freedoms of people I don't agree with.
so i think we'll be able to handle funding the improvement of another country.
Makes sense too as families were much more of an economic unit back then
Weather sucks for the most part
Especially in Europe your actions have an influence on other countries if you want it or not.
Swedish is for me the Italian of the Germanic languages.
I don't use it for much else
That would be removed and pricing set up on local level with zero charges on networks owned be the subsidiaries.
- countries
De jebe tu de jebere
* [Lake Neusiedl]
edit: okay guys you can stop telling me that Muslim is not a race now
Pretty much the same as you described here in Austria
If it is we'll all be dead before the approval process is through
We have a Dutch football trainer in Austria, Frenkie Schinkels, and he has quite the accent
I'm ashamed of basically the whole history of my country to be honest.
) live in cities, where you can use public transport and bicycles
Power systems, track gauges, signals, platform heights, etc
Catholic mass is pretty much the same wherever in the world I went to church.
the day that the EU collapses I will be celebrating on the streets with plenty of other people.
Thats exactly what we do in Europe
They do the same thing with the baltic countries and then when you talk to some people they answer "Nato Propaganda".
It quickly became a meme, the above one is funny because you are not supposed to put gravy on your schnitzel
They reunite, she cries, her tears drop on his eyes and he can see again
Also no such thing as a dumb question, it's the purpose of the sub after all
It was still a nice trip overall, we spent some time day-drinking at the balcony, which was nice and all, but still, we had a lot more stuff planned that we didn't get to
Even the Habsburg family is not allowed to call themselves "von Habsburg". However, the Dutch "van" is allowed
We generate over 70% of our electricity through renewable energy sources
Cross in the kitchen, picture of Virgin Mary in the bedroom.
Gott hat damit nichts zu tun
But don‘t limit yourself to chicken wings, Romania has a lot of other good things to offer ;)
Calamari fritti is one of my childhood memories from vacations in italy
We get it you won now shut up
Strange ~~country~~ rock in the middle of the ocean
In what world is Doppelmayr unknown to the general public
Konsistenz usually refers to texture or stiffness
Here in Austria we have no problems with roads
Any cheese is my favourite cheese
FTFY
You can‘t be catholic AND a serb, according to, well every serb, croat, etc
They're kinda Austria's big brother, so there's always this rivalry
Must be tough having no real mountains thus having to resort to this.
As mentioned by someone else, Preiselbeeren are the only thing you could possibly refer to, but that's more like a chunky jam on the side, not a creamy gravy all over the Schnitzel
Puts them off their script every time
(totally made up story of course, but I know how much the Dutch still complain about the Germans for stealing their bikes during WWII)
Not taking any prisoners
Then I personally don‘t have one since I don‘t like alcohol and usually just cry in my bed
Don't get me wrong, Hallstatt is very pretty but there are more authentic places in the region.
Actually he is more like a comedian, who is voted in the EU Parlament and doing funny stuff
In both cases the answer is: mostly could be any color, and if the color was mandatory, it depended on the teacher
you know the *drivers safety training* and those two check up lesson thingies...
well now that's unfair, speaking the local's language so the poor british ~~expats~~ immigrants won't understand you
Same mentality, same culture, same language.
It was done by Carlos, a top terrorist at the time.
QWERTZUIOPÜ
Cancelled
In the aviation industry this is known as a CFIT
But when I see somebody holding a gun, I'm totally chilled, because a) almost all (male) Austrians are trained on guns due to milliary service, b) they're not holding guns to "defend" themselves, but to go hunting
My boy Franz Joseph about to lose is bronze medal
Btw I had some of the best parties with Spaniards
Can I attribute it to the “bluntness” of the culture
Well who could that be ...
> German is somewhat less used and more rare, at least in the center-south of the country
ah, so maybe we got a chance you think
Yes, absolutely
Get rid of all your nice things so he wouldn't have a reason to come to your home?
Without him I would have never got my lost phone back
Get the fuck out of here with your Eierspeiß.
Probably because this is Germany's only access to the ocean and a lot of sailors have this way of talking
How is life there apart from the weed
Alcohol here is legal at the age of 16, but everyone I know had tried it once at an earlier age (~14y)
That being said it's well made and as always Joaquin Phoenix's acting is stellar
But it looks delicious
I'm not saying she will win, i actually think she will lose.
Other examples - for whatever reason Croatian nationals need a visa to Thailand and won’t get a VOA as the other 27 citizens of EU member states
Austrias Gold helped Hitler, he needed it to continue with his plans, wasnt just a strategic question
I mean, if you insist on taking home tiny crumbs, it might seem weird, but I don't think anybody really cares
Is there any specific/identifiable reason why alcohol laws are so different than in much of Europe?
Her career peek should be around 2000 and this was also my time as horny teenager.
They don't get that much salary as we do (No, I don't mass shop in Hungary because it's cheaper there for us)
/de isn't even the germany-german subreddit.
First time the driver went off his line, second time she almost pressed me down into a ravine when I tried to overtake them (driving 30 where 100 was allowed) and she suddenly started driving in the middle of the road
Thanks for getting occupied and taking one for the team!
I doubt anyone will be able to beat Paris Airport who [had to shut down due to their Windows 3
> south of Bavaria
Nothing about discussing with these people is worthwhile
We are not citizens of the BRD so we're not German.
**Germany:** Thanks for (unwillingly) always taking the place in the spotlight whenever something fucked-up happens here
I'd be afraid that one of them goes off all of the sudden
As for the others:
Am Upper Austrian and went there at the end of april again after many many years of avoiding it because of the tourists
When watching it I only subconsciously thought "huh, that sounded weird for some reason" and it wasn't until I read reddit about the episode a while later that I realized it's in german
This is the most idiotic thing I have ever seen a country do
You're forgetting about /r/nordvei
Americans, you can stop pretending to speak French now
Germany received less money from the Marshall Plan per capita than any other European country.
I can never imagine only being in my shoes at home
There isn't even one uniform German culture.
Nothing annoys me more than people getting into heated discussions about pizza toppings
Hiking boots
[here‘s a picture of it‘s evolution on the german wikipedia site
The [mcdonald's on Schwarzenbergplatz in Vienna] is in a pretty fancy building
Assad was never forced from power.
Nobody can tell me that in countries like China, US, Brazil etc
), where the have information like the time for mass and confessions, plus some picture with sentence like "Never forget, with his infinite love and compassion, he died for us all" or "Giving to people in need will yield the largest return"
I'm against that on a federal level.
Grauslig
I DRAW THE LINE AT ELECTING A "VULGAR PIECE OF SHIT"! Because God knows Reagan was classy as fuck
also r/Schnitzelverbrechen
I doubt that they have to pay much more than 10-20 Cent per bottle when they buy them
Both turned around and ran away
Especially with older people or people with kids it's common to ask "can you wrap the rest" to take it home
I think it's all the most popular in Austria too, only sports and the Eurovision getting more viewers
We had a tourguid and i now think the island is made out of 70% churches, 29% ww2 bunker and 1% some flower thing, he gave us like 30 min for the flower thing cause the next buncker was so important even though it was the by far most intresting thing (and that comes from someone who doesn't care for flowers)
It's true tho from a theological standpoint, isn't it?
Hey, the majority of austrian Erdogan fans are willing to go to Turkey...
Hardly
Schule -> Schubulebe
Huh
Thats how they get you
„Schappen“
So i gave it a thought and my best idea is this: Tell him that Europeans are really freaked out by Americans because they tend to look Europeans waaay longer into their eyes than theyre used to do it and he should be really careful about this not to put people off, because it comes across as rather aggressive here
state dynamics, and they often forget or at least underestimate the power of Congress.
I drive a lot when on my travels or weekend trips
I like mine better
You mean the [Kruckenkreuzflagge] (which was a co-offical flag, next to the regular red-white-red)
in SE-Asia
Jakob Schuldverschreibung - rolls off the tongue so nicely
"What
All pushed by a scientific comittee and the emperors personal will
I know the Soviets had a lot of casualties, but still
Oida
And since english is more relevant in our daily lives denglisch also slowly becomes more popular
Barely ever been to one, it‘s kind of on the same rank (or maybe even outranked
1956 was pretty much the opposite of uncontrolled.
That's a wholesome fact if i've ever heard one
Yeah, that's so funny
Looks cool from above, looks shit from everywhere else
It's was once called "Heiden" and had a tradition as poor man's food
Then come home and shovel your yard again
Good times
Otherwise something like the Bavarian Wikipedia site would be kinda hard to do decently
And that's due to our constitution (=Verfassung)?
But it won't overtake Glühwein anytime soon
Austrians eat proper Jägerschnitzel, without breading and with mushroom sauce
In German, we say "Kopf oder Zahl", meaning head or number
Honorary mention, of course: O-zone - Dragostea din tei
Judging from the footage it didn't look good for him but it hasn't been disclosed who the victims are
Though now that the village has grown bigger they had to add more springs and some of them have really low limestone values
This
[We are currently on warning level 4] which as you probably know means "backcountry means death".
Yes
England: i love your quirkiness, your humour, your not taking yourselves too seriously
Bonus: With those languages as basis it's also easier to learn Italian, Spanish, Dutch or Luxembourgian
Pölten further downstream up until Fischamend
There are no border checks, you drive down the road, come across a sign "welcome to (country)" and you're suddenly in a country with a different culture, language and the road signs look kinda weird
Costs per km just for driving are already laughably cheap in current electric cars.
We call them Frankfurter
The goverment allowed to build it, THEN they made a referendum if the people actually want nuclear power, people said no
I really do not know why, though
Yeah but guys don't give your kids a second first name, right
Maybe the British would ease your burden of democracy if you ask them nicely?
How are you folks reacting to that snow
All the midwives and the doctor are appalled at the thought of legal abortions even though they know the impact all these pregnancies have on women
000 €, or about 2
didn't Slovenia have where they rejected gay marriage or something?
I hob koa schimma wohea dea dialegt kumt owa dea is supa
Noone is 100% it really happened this way
Normally it is done on the countryside and right before the wedding
the germany he writes of obviously includes austria (meaning holy roman empire).
I wanna buy a bed in a specific colour and a specific size
I guess that by the end of the night she would be walking around in a totally cut up shirt and super wasted from all the drinks people paid her.
Where you in Schladming
:D and that´s just the ones I can think of now, there for sure are many many more
Kommt von "Leib"
Honestly this is a common feature of many Eastern European nations when dealing with their communist legacy
Ist das so
If we don't, we're fucked anyway
Buy groceries in another country
(English) I don't know what you are talking about, we are speaking exactly like we write
I live near the [Traunstein] which has quite a few secure and easy ways up, but still there are at least a couple of dead tourists each year.
Budapest and Prag are a bit far by european standards (4h each), but you can easily take daytrips to western hungarian towns, I'd suggest Brno/Brünn in czech republic and already mentioned Bratislava - if you want by hydrofoil
There is a "fescht"/"fest" divide shown, but even that isn't detailed enough from my experience, although I suppose the differences might not have registered as dialects because their grammar might not be different.
How does carrying the burden look like to you
Tolkien himself was behind that particular translation
10mins between 6-7
This is what really triggers me, the EU had this issue once, it was solved, next issue
was amazing
[Sort of like this
Problemmaker (bosnia and herzegovina)
Ever did some reasearch how many of those crimes are committed with weapons owned legally?
It basically consists if the local traditional band and one day in February they take a goat to every restaurant, hotel and bar in town
It's just a soft drink with artificial sweeteners
And EU wouldn't be bad if they were nationalist more and against
I think Vienna/Wien is the only Austrian city with a different English name
So here are the ones I think are pretty significant:
I sympathize with the French people to whom this must be devastating, but I personally feel no greater connection to it
> When you go ro live to another EU country you are like and have to be treated like a national of the country you are living now, same rights, same duties, same benefits, same taxes
Does he know that that's not a lady he's holding
The narratives that austrians pretend to not be germans is also very insulting
Either way the other guy is Austria because these 2 very cearly represent the K.
So einfach kann man Resourcenkonflikte lösen
I really like the short and simple and yet meaningful language
Triest wouldn't be bad to have back
The hussars refused to give them any of the schnapps and, still drunk, set up makeshift fortifications around the barrels
If it wasn’t for the US, Operation Unthinkable may actually have occurred (it didn’t mostly because of US opposition to it, isn’t that funny
And they still are in many parts of the world
Austria, where teachers can literally fail you because they don’t like you
What gendered article to use with "Nutella". Some people are wrong and say "das Nutella" (neutral) and some people are right and say "die Nutella" (feminine)
That is not to forget how Eastern Europe is the most screwed region of all
Obviously ... do you really think they make different translations for swiss and austrian german
And Tunisia is not in Asia
You must promise to to tell anyone but [^^birds ^^aren't ^^real]
over here it's "1,55 €" (unlike English where it's "$1
What is wrong in montenegro
Yeah, but cutting out Vienna will be really hard you know
Wennst amoi in Wien woast wirst dei Meinung ändern
Never heard of a finish stereotype, sorry.
You've just reminded me: I think my unit accidentally invaded Slovenia at some point
Or i can take the bus, takes 10 min or walk 15 min
So, your only argument is that you are ignorant and rude
Beer and Waffles
Just had lunch outside without a jacket since it’s 13 degrees
In fact, your "wealth" increases the moment the share increases in value
It obviously does
Not common at all
I personally just don't like Apple and I think that brand is quite unpopular here anyway not only when it comes to phones
There are gatherings of rather agressive groups which are seeking conflict.
but with a difference of only 30k votes the FPÖ had a very strong argument that even limited manipulation could have swung the result.
I would (in my Austrian German ofc, Idk if it‘s the same in Standard German) say „Ich habe gemacht, dass er das gemacht hat“ which is basically translated „I made, that he made something“
In my experience, people from Copenhagen do this
Verona > Berona > Berna > Bern
It's totally normal for kids at around 6 years to walk to school or take public transport
There is a difference between the EU and an European Republic.
Pfff
Leading to a stagnating or even decreasing economy.
And GDR Prisoners in the 70s.
i am really curious
Edit: I know that's not an Autobahn, it was a joke, please don't downvote me
Yes, but if I was that concerned (and not vaccinated), I would rather ride my bike there than taking the tram
lmao why is the first sentence in your text book a robbery
View of the society Imho changed, in the 90's and early 2000's it wasn't really viewed good by the majority
And his Leberkäse is really really good
The are one of the leading high-accuracy low power sensor producers
They didn't even let non-american flights queue up for immigration lines: "US citizens only" they said, unable to respond to my "how long do we have to wait" question
In 1940 Denmark was occupied by Germany and Iceland was occupied by the British
god help us
Completely delusional to think a country in our situation can be truly neutral
Bout three fiddy
it has *austro-hungarian empire* connotations, and is the name of certain area, not the country
Do you know if there will be any downsides of switching to Einkommensteuererklärung?
Interesting topic, but i know too less about it
...or as a relay station to fly drones or siphon off data.
Why does this not surprise me in the slightest lmao
2 out of 3 bananas include parts of Austria.
The Serbian-Croat-Slovene state had quite a bit of negotiating power during the conference but did not get the full extent of their claims still
Still doesn't disprove my point plus some got ill plus quite a few votes got lost in the mail o.O
Some startups do this with their "beer fridges" for late night crunches but that was different
I speak a very distinct, small german dialect from the south of Salzburg, yes
The Nordic model is a failure and many experts and most sex workers agree
Also, knowing my fellow countrymen - no way so many people googled how to fricking swordfight
The current Austrian president Alexander van der Bellen was born 1944 in vienna, but he was Estonian citizen until 1958
Not all water services use chlorine all of the time and bacteria exists everywhere
Little Germany
I really have to make a Leberkäs-wednesday again (getting a few kilograms of different sorts for lunch, being spinach-garlic (alternative: ramson) my personal favourite, presenting them at the office and watch the co-workers dive into it like hungry lions on a fat gazelle)
This is only used in Austria as far as I know, not Germany
The word evolved further in Romanian, so now you also have it as an adjective = cool, șmecherie=trick/guile/cool thing, a șmecheri - to fool someone, etc
Churchill, on the other hand, was the most respectable of the Big Three (not that that says much), and he was certainly less forthcoming to the Soviet Union and their demands
[Wels
From 1971 to 1975 a nuclear power plant was built in Austria (called "Zwentendorf").
Official business and everyday interactions should be possible to master
Wohl bekomms
Austrians are generally geographic illiterates, you're not the only one.
More people on both sides of the border need to know this
It's one of the reasons Empress Maria Theresia is so well loved in Austria to this day
Snow
But I thought most things we read in school were boring
We get some news from Germany, but it's nowhere near overwhelming
I imagine tourists taking a walk on a sunny summer day when suddenly from the woods they hear yodeling: "What are you doing in my ALPS
Oh certainly
It also costed like 225 Million too much
I doubt they would care much, but it just wouldn't feel right.
I can only quote [Wikipedia]#Federalism_and_state_powers)
My physics teacher really hated me and wanted me to fail really bad - she already managed that I got the worst grade so I had to make a special exam in autumn to be able to stay in my class
Cancelled
It doesn't literally mean "Eastern realm" ("Ostreich") in modern German nor in the language that was spoken at the time afaik, but that's the mainstream theory of what the name most likely means
Omg thank you
The Republic of Ragusa comes to mind
so where do the cars go now
What's a deutscherin supposed to be
If you like Tallis and Vaughan Williams you have to love Vaughan Williams ' *Fantasia on a Theme by Thomas Tallis* It's a masterclass in orchestration and stunningly beautiful
Always makes me want to drop everything and just drive down there.
Toni Erdmann (2016 film)
I think its pretty true because everything else I know about this particular great-grandfather is not that nice (he cheated, was abusive to his son, ...) so I think this story is true even though it's kinda hard to believe
not that other countries love the union all that much, but Poland feels like the guy who finally gets into that cool new club in town only to find out that its expensive and the music kind of sucks
What
2 million or $72
They made commemorative Sisi *everything* in the aftermath and flooded souvenir shops in Austria and abroad
&#x200B;
In what way
But with a real pizza
Habidere (literally translated: have the honour
I am not the one making unfounded claims here.
We might should just take the big cities in, then.^^
Those are also common
I'm confused
Or is this just a joke where everyone just pretends to know
Also dont forget the huge population shuffle as a result of WW2 and the deportations/resettlements
>a lot of people wanted to join Germany
> / 6
Granted, they where hitchhiking in the Danube valley but you could even see the first alpine mountains from there
Yeah, i know its pretty nice, but the rest of austria kinda looks down on it(some more jokingly some more seriously)
Imo, there are a lot of these small cultural details that are shared by "germanic" countries (scandinavia, DACH, maybe netherlands and iceland)
My grandmother surely has about a hundred of them lying all over her house Haha.
Currently a tie between two songs.
I hope you wrote a salty review
Looks like the flag of Lower Austria, weird cause Linz is in Upper Austria.
* 24% Our people best people
Also "Ich versteh' nur spanisch" "I only understood spanish" means that you actually don't understand what the other person said
But I think we can’t understand it as good as the Swiss people
I forgot that Austria-Hungary also had Czechia (and that Prague was the capital of Austria-Hungary for some time before Vienna) and many parts of Poland as property, so maybe just cross out the last one and insert Czechoslowakia or smth
Been to Slovenia last week and I have to say that I barely noticed any differences if you cross the border from Carinthia.
Doesn't help at all that it goes on for like two years each time
Basically, after war when terretory was being declared, belgium insisted that a specific railway that both starts and ends in belgium, but passes german land, has to stay completely belgian
If you continue that train of thought, it wouldn't make sense to call 10^3 ten hundred either
Yeah but most bigger Austrian cities like Graz, Linz, Salzburg and Innsbruck are in Western Austria and therefore much closer to the "real" Alps than Vienna
It took us 5 min to figur out that our definition of a mountain are drasticly different
Most of it are social and socioeconomic problems that have to be dealt with
The difference is huge
well you can say about the swiss what you want, but you must admit their flag is a big plus
Semantically those words are still not the same
"Fett" has a much more negative connotation than "fat".
What
Of course he doesn't fit with the mass murderes from the top comments here however
Even my uncles and aunts called me by that name
He was chosen by his party (SPÖ) as the follow-up to the last Chancellor of the same party (Faymann), who stepped down after a bad turnout at the presidential election.
> j'ai une tour Eiffel dans le pantalon
So I'd consider that pretty much German
Stay home
> Some people would use the word Pfannkuchen for a Berliner
Austria's present chancellor Sebastian Kurz said:
I am sure you have some concrete dates and sources available...
Sometimes even Austrian
This must have tasted excellent, because from that day the cake was considered “presentable at court” and was regularly on the menu of the imperial court
A physics teacher in HTL (school for the Last 5 years of school with more emphasis in tech)
Why are they called Giga-factories?
Oh yeah I get you
What I find really irritating is people running around in deep winter clothes when it's like 15°C outside
Esperanton estus la perfekta lingvo por Eŭropo ĉar ĝi estas influita de multaj lingvoj kaj ĝi estas tre facila.
What counts as "being able to cook"? Like ... what level are we talking about
I‘m studying it in Vienna at the Technical University (TU Wien)
I think the only place I've ever seen air conditioning is in movies
And Modena‘s Cathedral is my all time favourite
We gave you the guy that killed Hitler too
Let's see where this is going
DieTagespresse always jokes about how nobody would care if we would give the Burgenland to Hungary as long as we could still drink the Wine
It is treason then
It always the same handful of talking points and every single one is stupid.
5 to 2km of copper)
I think they will keep postponing Article 50 until the EU finally snaps and loses their shit, after which they will have a scapegoat (like you've mentioned) for a hard Brexit, since that seems to be the only realistic option.
I wouldn't have made that association.
Serious anwer: No, putting mustard on the bread would have never come to my mind without reading about it.
and taxes spent on education are bad?
He did nazi that coming
Those overly excited Anglos, it's always hard to translate that and having to tone down the excitement level at the same time, but not too much
Germans are clearly very bad at local geography
We have a "wefachee problem"? News to me
I don't get the idea of scissors because that means you have to lift the pizza up to do so which potentially results in a mess
Just sanction the crap out of anyone who doesn't take their citizens back.
Outside the EU I only saw them relatively often in Ukraine.
Damn Germans with their stupid dubbing
Yoga pants, my husband's worn t-shirt
Why sell profitable companies
We usually are not in the media, but when we are, we [go big
What would really interest me too is, do you consider yourself French at all or does the average person
Seems to be a theme in Catholic countries
It's lots of countries, so it all adds up.
Yes, Castille might have trouble finishing the Reconquista.
But there are many people that don’t make a line at all
Guys very often wear long sleeved shirts, and women for some reason tend to have a faible for high-plateaued shoes [like this] or [this] No idea why
Don't forget about [St Mary's Basilica] in Krakow
And I could be completely wrong here, but feel a person must be very desperate to do something crazy like this.
Yeah because you did it at a time when thousands were already deep in Europe.
It has more to do with enlightenment and the idea that law should be rational.
The people behind you in the queue dont appreciate it
Berlin
It was popularized by American businessman after WW2 and is a supermarket staple
I remember a lot about multi-day trips though
Yeah, the 'danksche' they put in Bavaria should span over to Austria as well.
In fact you should be glad we didn't charge you anything for all that litter in front of our glorious capitol.
Wildalpen it is
You do
I‘ve never heard Germany x Austria x Switzerland be referred to as DACH and am wondering why I didn‘t think of that
polish help was very important.
I for myself truly love democracy
I don’t know about the rest of Austria, but I can speak of Vienna through the eyes of an urban planning student
well, if you talk to native speakers you'll hear anything from very by the book water to woa-dah
But it's not like in Istanbul, where I even had green light and still couldn't cross safely
Sadly my class couldn‘t go to a Concentration Camp like about every other school does because
He went full authoritarian on youth sports, trying to outdo his new coalition partner on strict measures
You have better chances in the city of Mereen.
I can understand dutch and swedish people a little bit
I usually try not to miss anything in the sub, although I don't post or comment much.
Or all of them combined in a super smash bros
Maybe he meant the Union xD
So just because there were some, it doesn't matter if we massively increase the number by importing foreign fighters and sympathisers?
Did you try induction too or just the normal ceran or iron plates?
What is somewhat common is a newspaper-sized thing near a church door (on the wall or some sign post etc
The only groups that reeeeaaaly were pissed and wanted out no matter what were the Italians and Romanians
There is also "Über die Häuser hauen" , which is "Throwing over the houses" in English
I definitely ain't though
- chili flakes
no but seriously, proper bread seems to be one of the things you can only get here
I don't think so but I don't know
* Lenzing has gotten some attention lately, but they're also huge in their domaine
[Like this]
>I sure hope my rent transfer will be processed in time
There is a road going to that house, however that road is less than 15 or 20 years old, and if you don't know exactly which turns you have to take you'd never find the place
We're in the 21st century dude, who uses stones when we've got laptops
I love that city
The biggest scandal this year, the [Ibiza affair] which subsequently led to the dissolution of the government, was exceptional and a huge scandal and got exactly the international attention it deserved
And the big parties either voted for it, or didn't vote at all (which is just as bad as voting for it)
Warsaw or Budapest is pretty much 95%+ native and Paris wasn't like that 15-20 years ago
but i don't argue that we need to protect our borders.
The word „Schorle“ doesn‘t exist here, at all
That's rookie numbers
Ganz schön peinlich
here is a good video/s on Russia
We read Macbeth in class - with individual parts read (played
Crazy drivers all around
EDIT: changed a word in the translation
* Soccer season
Oh, and people still vote for them, of course
They all have the same colour scheme, but the inscription changes based on the county on one side
Like, more often than not I get why you'd off the people, but think of those majestic peaks
Even then don't do it because the rescuers have to search for you
We do however have nude besches and it is not illegal or something - I‘d say maybe 2-7% do it here
But hey, in that regard Spain is still better than France, which may be hard to believe, but is a fact
Kurz throw these principles out of the window and disrupted the power balance among the states by making him the sole leader of the party
Native is german, and the only foreign language I'm really fluent in is english.
a few massively upvoted posts and no political consequences
If you know Spanish, you'll have an easy time understanding it on a basic level
I don‘t think we have family gatherings
My view of organised religion is that it is useful as it can provide services that state either can't or simply won't.
Nothing we can do against that.
The [mcdonald's on Schwarzenbergplatz in Vienna] is in a pretty fancy building
Yes the wording is a bit clumsy, but you can still perfectly understand what is meant.
That's the problem here, only the Germans deserve compassion and consideration.
over here, it sadly devolved into just getting drunk at school and trashing the place, and in some places has been forbidden for that reason
I guess you also have a kind of similar language situation with the USA as Austria and Germany
Did you miss the whole "hungary-being-so-unhappy-they-split-into-a-separate-kingdom-thing"?
plautdietsch
My sub of Skam literally only said to google it rather than trying to explain
What's not to like
First - it’s covered by her employer too since the social security payments the company pays are exactly for that
Lupin (fr) is also really good
This is really not how culture works but fine, you do you
It is a commonly agreed upon social norm, that at >1000m over Triest people are as a rule always per Du (informal/intimate *you*), not per Sie (formal/distant *you*) when adressing one another, regardless of age, social standing, provenance, or anything else
It's a German beer sort as much as it's Czech
I like my dialect a lot more than standard German and I like German more than English
But hey, in that regard Spain is still better than France, which may be hard to believe, but is a fact
An de buididipí
>Point was, 40km to the east seems like a bigger change than 1000 km to the northwest
i think it should definitely need the approval of 2 or 3 independent lawyers(including ones that check the financial situation of the person), and doctors from different fields that make sure the patients claims are valid and they are mentally stable.
I like how you misspelled it in the first mention, so that people won't find it
Ik vond altijd dat Nederland het schoonste land van alle was
in February/March in an alpine valley mostly covered in snow
Most people don't do it at home anymore
Moved in Austria 2 years ago
Another tip: Wiktionary is a great user generated online tool for etymologies
If you mean 'progressive' as in LGBT rights, abortion rights,...
we were stressed out, but in 1918 you all became your own problems :D
If everybody behaves super weird it's not a talking matter either
We're used to it
Schäne wänochtn vo de ned gonds so frändlichn siatlända
Sobieski isnt that important for that
20 minute tram and metro ride
Unless women in these affected countries suddenly bear 3-4 children each their fate may be softened but not prevented
Guilt edition
I personally just don't like Apple and I think that brand is quite unpopular here anyway not only when it comes to phones
>Yeah, but most people just use it to heat a room
For pensions I don't really know how it works, sorry
Obviously I had the reverse experience when going to places that don't put pedestrians as much on a pedestal as it is being done in Vienna
No, why
In Austria a politician can call union people male genitalia and the speaker doesn't even react
The popular and the best are not always the same :)
Afaik Rettungsgasse is called "emergency corridor" in english
) - [here's a list of all foreign deployments by our military]
in a protectionist customs union and no free movement for the rest of the world
It's even easier if you don't actually know the countries you are referring to.
If he cons himself through another election he's probably going to get 45% and we are truly fucked
The Austrian Empire along with Prussia were the first countries with mandatory education for children
I think at Christmas and Easter there are more Atheists in the churches than true believers.
I would translate it as "postponement of the repetition of the run-off election for federal president".
Well it's Hungarian, but part of our Cuisine:
Well, not me
Nobody with a clear mind and with the least understanding of what this is about would vote for this crap
Accent, I don't know
Housing prices have gone through the roof and it has become extremely difficult for a normal family with kids to afford housing
That's a couple thousand acts of sexual violence that were directly caused by current policy or lack thereof.
references to industrial places or nature things that don't exist anymore
A failed state with no functioning law enforcement or military?
The claim is that there was never a peace treaty after WW2 or something so the whole construct of post-ww2 republics does not exist and such
* Dates of issue and expiration
That’s sweet of you
Are your coalition parties capable of working together?
I speak German
You're absolutely right
Haven‘t seen somebody talk about conquering our swiss and liechtensteiner friends yet tho
Yeah if you'd boil the dough I can imagine it getting nice and soft
They needed some tome to grow
We know rather little about them as far as purpose goes, we do know that they have been built over the course of at least the past 1000 years, maybe longer
I am just saying that most people welcomed them, but even if they did not it would not have made a difference regarding the outcome
Sweden should not cut or plant any trees
not that hard with those neighbors...
It's history is so distant to the super entwined history of the continent it often seems like a different world entirely
? He has almost 0 executive power
When abroad, Spanish people aren't as loud as Italians
One of the the biggest credit card payment  processors in europe, after buying much of the competition like Austrian mPay
Everytime I visit my girlfriend's family my stomach doubles in size
I was thinking along the lines of Alan Rickman as Snape.
Scheanan cake day
&#x200B;
A happy Viennese
Just what the guy said: the german translation is horrible and often wrong too.
Absolutely not
Don't know about the east though.
Radicals are a cancer in our society
There were a lot of
Edit: typo
We know
Its a form of gambling in my mind and should therefore fall under those laws
Also bad man with moustache
I was there 3 months ago for a week and it looked perfectly fine.
Yeah, but anybody could do that.
Is the tap water in London drinkable
In Austrian schools we learned that this is part of the child development phases (may be an outdated concept nowadays, not sure)
My granny is an Austrian tourist claiming the best pool spot at 6:30am
Austria isn't a Germanic country.
[It takes a Russian to take down a Russian…]
Here are two examples:
Austria subsequently grew and dominated the area (and its capital with it), absorbing the Duchies of Styria and Carinthia that had been founded after the diminishing of the Duchy of Bavaria during emperor [Frederick Barbarossa's] reign in 1156, and ultimately became the [Archduchy of Austria] in 1453
There's definitely far more than only 25 languages spoken within the EU
Towards the cities it tends to blend into some sort of standard German, but in the countryside the accents are often quite thick
Sweet Mustard (Kremser) is the best condiment for fries - fight me
just listen to schwarzenegger german interview in the 80s
This was primarily about trade, though the media didn't mention the military part, which called for more military exercises with each other.
One of his precedessor just started to call himself that, without any legitimacy
Two pens
The first two Anno games were Austrian actually
"Half nine" means we are half the way through the ninth hour
I love the EU and I wish it was even more of a 'United States of Europe', but I wish that all languages, no matter how small they are, are preserved.
Hi, thank you for your contribution, but this submission has been removed because it is meta content.
For what is kinda unknown, but his name, along with often his birth place, Krieglach, is known
Putin won't do it because of chechenya
Hardly
I saw your post after I finished typing mine
Probe (correct translation: untersuchen)
yes, they hated us so much that they joined our side in WWII and were a more motivated ally than the so called fascists italy and spain.
Of course Vienna, but that’s more in total numbers, not in relation to size
Only this time the Germans choose a wise guy to stay sober this whole time and only step in when it came to discussing the price and choosing the wine, so that they don’t get fooled again
Like in: "I didn't know what I was getting into, when I ran for this office and I have no idea what I'm supposed to do"?
In the eastern part of Austria the economy is weaker than in the west and the mentality is also more relaxed
Remembering a German coffee roasters advertised ther new sorts available with "Jedem das seine". Well it means each his own/Suum cuique but this was also written on the entrance of Buchenwald
Completely up to the courts to decide if something was self defense with appropriate force
Fuck this shit, I ain't leaving the bed: -20 downwards
I went back to English and then back to German:
[Here are the Austrian statistics for arrivals compared to last year.]
I was an exchange student in Portland, OR, so I've only really experienced life as a teenager in the US.
It's still so weird
Tbh, to make Gulasch authenic hungarian you just need to add wayyy to much Paprika and spice
and you're not allowed in the forests either (unless explicitely allowed, which in 99% of the places it isn't)
I guess a lot of people think that Red Bull is American, not Austrian
That figure is probably even higher today
Well border controlls will be a pain in the a, then.
I get glass bottles from the farm, in supermarkets the cartons are common and sometimes plastic bottles.
I've seen a number of words from Serbian or Polish that look like German words phonetically spelled in Viennese dialect
Met some awesome ones back in the day.
It was always the only realistic option.
That bat is awesome
I know you jest, but to still give a countertpoint: if a country is not lobbying for and offering a practical name for itself in other languages, it shouldn't wonder when people will find their own, incorrect terms instead
000 inhabitants
First you reject the Leberkaskrapfen and now that
post WW2 it would be events such as the [Kaprun disaster] or the [Galtür avalanche]
Yes
I haven't heard a similar thing about Syrians.
It's basically straw
If you'd ask me too quick, I'd state with full confidence that the Czech Republic is part of eastern europe
To be fair, the basement-owners weren't celebs before
Well, there are towns with three to four official names
Yea fck half of Austria, Thank god we arent as emotional as You or we would have a Civil war
Disinfected it myself, stopped the bleeding and bandaged it
All in good spirits though
though it depends on the norwegian dialect
Well the Führer would luckily be devasted if he'd walk through one of the parks/franckviertel/the trainstation but i guess this changed more since 2015
Another theory is that the romanian 'da' derives from the Latin 'ita'.
An Austrian that doesn't ski
For private calls in Austria most people answer the phone by saying their family name
" Is even more of from the high german version then dutch so you can't blame me from thinking it was german)
Austria is basically Trump country looking at this.
Scary shit
He has over a million followers.
At it's core is the concept of subsidiarity with selfresponsibility at it's core
"organized well" = basically they got good guns and a few people who managed to fly under the radar of the police
We basically have white, red and schilcher sturm
Don't bother, I move the border marker a couple of cm every month.
I think both groups could basically live in different countries because they vote and think so differently.
and
This guy is embarrassment to EU, every one of his statements is so bad and out of touch, can't he just go away and someone competent replaces him.
The horror
And don't get me wrong, Lake Constance is nice and all, but an ocean it ain't.
Still haven't seen it, and don't intend to ever do
Norwegian:  About the same
The arrivals stopped because Austria was able to get the Balkan countries together to close the borders.
I ll go there occasionally with my friends or family there just for eating a pizza or drinking a coffee  or to hang out there somewhere
Finland: Saunas are life
Also people having to stay in the car and blinking into a blinding flashlight that's shining in their face, I've never experienced that here, also staying in the car is more a convenience and not a safety thing
It‘s sad
Two days later, we'd talk about it in class
Something
LOL this must be the most hilarious case of "internet lawyer" that I've ever seen
The obsession with guns
The sign has been stolen a number of times.
- and then the same stuff again backwards
My one favorite series is from America, the other from the UK
Really sorry to lose a country full incredibly creative, funny and smart people
I can recommend GommeHD
Maths doesn't care what you call 10^9, it doesn't change based on what you call it
I've got several restaurants in my area that have takeout that is much better than what most people could cook themselves and it's "healthy" food
I'm not sure about the first name though, maybe 'Michael'.
- I'm parsimonious
The East has gotten a raw deal because of a boggled reconstruction policy and Germany reaps the rewards for chances not taken today -_-
Answered it, but I really can't see how the results of this online survey can be useful.
A Tüte is something you can smoke here (it's the slang word for a blunt)
Im not a fan of crowded places nor expensive rip offs
In reality a lot of us are stuck with no more than 8 mbit.
So I re-watched the scene on [YouTube]
It's kinda sad that this has to feel so surprising
It does a pretty great job mimicking the condescending tone many of the real documentaries can't seem to avoid
If I know the person and we're "per du" then just Hallo.
still protected by Switzerland but a small cutie :3
I should clarify: by "left" in Austria I mean the greens and social democrats.
> south of Bavaria
Weird ... I use Airbnb multiple times a year and never had a bad experience so far
I'm surprisingly non-triggered by this map.
Shouldn't have been surprised though
Ask Austrians about it
In 1946 he was hung by the Soviets for anti-soviet behaviour because he joined the polished partisans and fought against the soviet Union
all those Venecian dieing in vain.
" Which is really similar to the german: "was will er von uns" Which i understood so i repeated in english and we just kept on talking like this
Wasnt the german lofi girl merkel
"Das kleine Ich-bin-ich" and "Die Omama im Apfelbaum" from Mira Lobe
Wels is ugly, soulless and irrelevant
> I know plenty of very nice, intelligent, non-delusional religious people here in the States (yea, I know, it kinda sucks)
There's chechens that came to Austria at a very young age and still only speak incredibly broken German and know no more than a few words to get by.
What I meant is that for you it’s only natural to speak French besides Flemish, however here in Austria English is not a language people speak here besides German
Now they improved the signs, it is color coded in green and says "Ruhebereich", something you really cannot unsee
What I don't like in constitutions (and legal texts in general) is that festive language that you can find for example in Germany's constitution
No, I am very happy we got rid of our emperors - and all aristocraty - at the end of WWI.
I'm totally in the mentality for taking trains of flights but if trains are a lot more expensive, I need to make multiple changes and it takes like 16h instead of 2h, makes kinda difficult
Reminds me when I tried to buy Semmeln in a German bakery
I've learned so much more about the English language through the internet than I ever will in my English class, my English teacher sometimes makes basic grammar mistakes and every lesson I'm just completely zoning out because everything my teacher is going to tell me, I already know
I dare you to not tap your foot to the chorus, when the bassline kicks in:
The people behind you in the queue dont appreciate it
We have the "Christkind" (basically baby Jesus) instead of Santa Claus
"Well, you kids always made fun about the moor
It can be that a country temporarily suspends Schengen and enforces border checks, like Germany did in 2015
And even for northern Germany it's a stretch
[Papanași] Some kind of deepfried doughnuts with sweet, fresh cow cheese inside
You wouldn't translate 'du spinnst' as 'you spider'
Are you from Austria
Es kann nur einen geben: [Pumuckl]
>	I could bicycle and use public transport to get around, but I don’t like to
I'd say it happens most often with specific words where somehow the english equivalent just fits the intended connotation better
I wouldn't have written what i wrote if that wasn't the case
Aren't there enough Kangaroos to eat
Can confirm, seems to be on the list when Asians do some sort of a bus trip.
Ah ok - yeah Schas doesn’t have the ei sound
we made [this] but honestly it's only taught in the kind of school which focuses on mechanical engineering
Now that there are more fast trains that don't stop in every town people actually give a shit about trains again.
I would totally add "Blum" to it
You all know what happened when we did it in 1914...
Just asking: How well do you understand polish
51%
Not only due to beeing the central point to which most larger streets lead to  in the inner city and where the Emperors are burried, but due to it beeing a symbol of rebuilding the country after WW2
also there is no such thing as a non-bank atm in slovakia
I cut off the tip of my thumb a few months ago
Riot put out an official statement that they do not care wheter the casters call them HKA or Hong Kong Attitude
I can't think of a concrete example right now but the way our Constitution works is that you can put anything that gets the necessary support into it.
Squirrel is definitely the one that took me the longest to sound somewhat like a native would sound
Its also rarely used as a special kind of small military building
The arrogance and ignorance of about 50% of the country
the country we would quite easily be in deep shit.
If you need help, just head over to /r/german we're happy to help!
Funny thing is that biweekly means either twice a week or every two weeks
I think they need someone who is equally strong as a counterweight
Also "Funiculi, funicula".
Yes, it's magic fantasy money that everyone pays to the EU and which multiplies after salaries of politicians and their entourage and pointless travels between Brussels and Strasbourg are deducted and every country gets so much more than it paid as a result
I do that too
That’s probably the reason why
Linguists still aren't sure what kind of language they use
What defines a company as a startup?
Thanks, I had the same problem.
I would say city bikes are very popular, especially among students who can't afford road bikes (das sind Rennräder oder
I would have expected some city on a river being split
You are completely right, putting a black model specifically for Czechia and similar countries would make absolutely no sense.
I personally don't dislike vienna, but I think most people do
Rattenberg
yeah
But I don't see a difference in that regard between a Samsung phone or an iPhone
It‘s Suzuki Jimny all the way
Star Wars Episode 2 and it's said by Anakin Skywalker
Pretty sure he didnt make a deal with the devil or smth
This chart makes my head hurt
The reason Trump wants to blow up NAFTA.
So it's meant sarcstically
Never really got the whole Beethoven situation, never heard anybody call him austrian
Give me a normal bench please
** one more shoe category
This one was clearly trying to be funny, because Japanese = haha.
at least we have the decency to do that in the basement :D
Otherwise the EU-28 average of people living in flats is [42%]
It's not a war zone by any means, but keep in mind that this subreddit here is very left-leaning, and by that can also be misleading.
I mean revolutions probably *are* kinda hard to win
In Italy however subsidies resulted in an insular economy as  Northern firms simply constructed and operated works which got their resources from the north and which sent their products to the north for further processing
Which isn't to say those internet dictionaries are bad per se
They still do if you've lived there your entire life, trust me
Haus Österreich
Furthermore it ruins your chimney
" Which is really similar to the german: "was will er von uns" Which i understood so i repeated in english and we just kept on talking like this
dVammumtn are nice but I don't think they do music anymore (at least I haven't heard anything)
That said, the importance of good sex ed, where the facts are being set straight, can't be overstated
A municipal flat or condo flat will cost you about 500 to 800 EUR
That and hes already twice divorced
If handing over Gibraltar ever comes on the table be sure that the rest of the EU will also have an opinion about that
Here in Vienna, cranberry sauce is for tourists, or peasants
From a swede I can take that but would you be fair enough to think about smaller countries too?
Drop them somewhere in siberia, give them guns, last survivor decides the government
The Duke of Austria and his quarrel with Richard I of England gave Austria a few chests of money and provided England with several half mythical heroes  and Villains(Robin Hood, Ivanhoe ...) to populate several hollywood films and animes
Mainly CS:GO . Then i started watching youtube videos to improve myself in the game, and nearly all of them were english speaking youtubers
In any case, such phrases are so old-fashioned (like powdered wig old-fashioned) that anybody who uses them does so ironically
Huh, apparently Austrian's don't like other countries...
Otherwise really local
I don't trust them, they could certainly find some excuse to access that data
Then, you learn a neutral base set of letter forms and the concept of joined writing, you train it for a few years, and then you are encouraged to create your own writing style from it through repeated usage
Germany
Can confirm this as an austrian
- a little bit of Egypt
Might be flash-add-"walled" but you can just click that away - or use an addblocker
Some Parents Like to stay, some Parents Bring only the kids, both is Welcome at my Home
It's mind boggling
I hate when this happens
Oh okay, thank you, i will upload again without it.
The 3 municipalities with most Slovene speakers are: Zell (89 %), Globasnitz (42 %) and Eisenkappel-Vellach (38 %).
She calmed her down with "Es dauert nicht mehr lange
And isn't paper either from Egypt or China, depending on the definition of paper
Like I said, it's been translated different ways over the centuries, though some of those are more likely to be right than others (Empire in the East is definitely not it, for example)
Is this map just weird or was there actually a different political entity with that name at the name?
Attitudes towards slaves changed over time Antoninus Pius for example made it illegal to kill slaves without just cause.
There's some information on this topic in the [r/personalfinance wiki]
There's lots of mythological creatures, but one that is on my mind occasionally is the [Håbergoaß] a humanoid goat-creature and with glowing eyes, that roams fields and forests at night and snatches little kids in the dark in order to eat them
I didn't know that
Like most of European cities I guess
Skåne stayed Swedish
Our second fascist Leader
The cluster is the prove - every name for itself can/should be considered totally innocent - maybe the parents liked the sound of it / a relative with said name / the story that character stars in...
If you quickly googled the estimated ROI of NASA or ESA you'd find out that you're wrong.
Nobody should fear basic burglars, but home invasions are becoming more frequent in Europe too
Compared to what I've seen in Berlin and Hamburg, there is not much graffiti in Vienna, and probably even less in smaller towns like Salzburg and Graz.
But that Evangelical shit is a very fringe thing, and they are very quiet
Why do religious people think they're right
Sounds very North German to me, like Lars or Ingo or Hugo
we can call a hard disk just "disk", because we have our own word if we just mean the shape
All Germans are Prussians
Save your internet and contact your representatives
Schönbrunner Deutsch, a Viennese accent, makes me want to kill people when I hear it.
Not good
I don't even wanna know how many 1970s German Porno movies have exactly that title
I scheiß mi au
If you are lucky, it's at 0% (that does not mean no cost, just no interest to pay).
Here in Austria of course we also have pop music and good music from the 20th century (search for Austropop if you’re interested)
Canada, Australia, New Zealand, etc
But Austria still had the idea first and having 2 flags that similar will just confuse everybody
Same goes for divorce, shaming of sex before marriage, relationships before marriage, children before marriage, usage of contraception within and without marriage, acceptance of homosexuality, ...
Gives me a Mordor-y vibe
Brexit showed us how that works out
What happened here between the wars had very little impact on the rest of the world, and it's easily overshadowed by 1938-1945
'")
So he did not get ober 51 % at the last presidential election?
They made an spreadsheet to designate all of the stis people did/did not have and what their sexual preferences were
They lead the huge missinformation campaign against nuclear energy in the 70ies
1,95€ *without* taxes
[They are not] as they are not crossed
(Alright, not a comic book character but fits well in the wider pop culture frame)
My physics teacher insisted that work is a vector
But as soon as they slip all comes crashing down
Guess, I'll have to move home again.
Prüfung = Priafung
No fancy Coat of Arms or weird font, just the name, the colors, and a piece of nostalgia
I said: "Haha, we have that same joke, but we usually say *'The Russians are coming
I have to say I think german memes are awful
Pretty sure this whole thread is about talking with your friends
Towards the south-east and Balkans the issue is rather with non-availability of trains (buses are king there)
My hardwood floor was expensive, you better not make scratches in it
Everything else
The only thing i can think of is that we are to small of a country and therefore market for a lot of the biggest companies to care about us
For us too, we even had to stand up whenever another teacher (or the headmaster) entered the classroom, though most of them simply told us to “stay seated“ while entering the room.
We don't have that kind of strike culture here.
Seeing their weapons, their methods on how they attacked others/protected themself really did give me an insight on how war might‘ve been, and it doesn‘t feel all that strange (I still would never wish it upon anybody)
From my birth town it's Bear's creek, but nobody is sure if it's named after literally a bear or an noble named Pero (which is old high German for bear)
Latvia - Lettland - Latvija - Riga (Rīga) - [squished & darkened Austria]
The last time you could consider (besides the Anschluss of course) Austria a German nation was in the German Confederation which disbanded with the Declaration of the German Empire
So far non one has called for an invasion of the UK or an embargo - it’s basically back to status quo ante
I think *they* have arrived
A true train wreck
Austria is a republic because after the fall of the Habsburgs and being forbidden to join Germany, there really weren't many other options
Amazingly the house only has one chimney, despite the stoves being ~15m apart from each other
5 % threshold is still pretty high.
And in fact Johnson had an opinion about the referendum it was (and I quote) : “The Catalonian referendum is a matter for the Spanish govt & people
Almost nobody here had a TV in the 50s.
Deftig
Renzi resigning won't trigger an election.
If you count Burger King and McDonald as american themed than yes.
Depends on which border we're talking about
Is it possible to get that image in a better res
So everybody does the tests and vaccinations in the pass
I habe no idea how to "suder" about this
Temperature isn't a good indicator on that
Rural Western Austria
Latvia with 37.6%, Australia with 33%, and Denmark with 30.8%
Well Eisenbahn is more like "iron path", not "road". But still similar
And yes, Germans ARE in fact morally superior than Americans for the most part
Otherwise it's not a topic at all
Only speculation right now, also they are posting videos despite the explicit plead by the police not to
uuhm i might be wrong here but I thought the guy who first distinguished the blood groups was an austrian biologist called karl landsteiner
has taught me anything, then that identifying a virus is the most important step to eventually finding the vaccine
They have everything we have times 5(?)
With the verb at the end of sentences, you're listening to someone and your brain is constantly like "Spit it out, what was Cindy doing to her dog
Other than that one no city really comes to my mind that is unknown by tourists
I'm curious, how did that happen?
Press conference: Donald Trump calls Brexit "an example of what is to come" and refers to the EU as "the group, the consortium"
In my country, "America" and "American" generally denotes the US and it's citizens.
In some places, it looks like someone has emptied a giant garbage bag over the hills
A Hungarian friend was very close with his ex-girlfriend back then and nobody considered even that weird
That is a huge deal for those archeologists
So we should *not* celebrate the people who fought all the way down to Vienna to rid Europe of the Nazis
Those are incredibly common in Austria as well
Which in a shocking twist of events is actually French
so yep, that fits
>1) why did they google my name
Banana pessego
So maybe in the distant future we'll see something like a twin or duo capital city
In Austria it's the *Verwaltungsreform* (
So after 5 years of talks about the usage of the building the federal government seized the property paying normal market prices for the home.
Strange ~~country~~ rock in the middle of the ocean
In hindsight, so am I!
>	So Johnson did the exact opposite of what Macron did
I've spent a few weeks in Spain before coming to Portugal last year
Personally I just don't trust the English
We had such things mandated in such a detailed manner up to maybe half or end of Middle School (= 6th-8th grade), most of the time you could have any color you want though
I meant in mainland europe, but yeah you are technically correct ;)
Most other countries are pretty similar to the English spelling, with minor differences
Seems like a reasonable and uncontroversial change.
very strong ties to their local community, let's put it like that, but it's everywhere and I would even say it's what the majority thinks: complaining about their drivers when you see a W on the car sign in front of you, complaining about their noisy and presumptuous tourists, about the politics, etc
Nobody ever did
In my opinion, it is quite unsatisfying to ask for marital status only, as so many other forms of relationship status exist (and with that I don't include things like "not sure if we are dating", "friends with benefits" or "confused" but rather long term relationships with or without cohabitation).
They'll just have a similar kind of connection as you, it makes you feel better knowing there's someone around from the same general area as you are.
I work in a retirement home (as part of my civil service)
social and sports clubs in general have very little to nothing to do with school/university.
And also, I seriously never felt so unsafe in another place, and I have lived in several big cities around the world
Hardwood you should store 2-3 years before burning
If the blade is less then 6cm they are allowed to be carried within the hand luggage.
*What have the Romans ever done for us?* :D
Even as a joke that's pretty *yikes* IMO
No exporting etc
) of a midwife is caught performing illegal abortions and they are all beyond livid (though to be fair, those were not sanitary conditions)
The worst part though is that I and my friends used to sing that in elementary school, fun times
You just had the slowest recovery after the crisis of 2008.
I know I've only got myself to blame for being included in that statistic, but it was definitely made easier for me.
Ethanol, while taxed a bit higher, is where the fun is.
tru
Anything involving strip clubs as places to go to and hang out in
It really does hit special if you're in a marching band yourself
Of course there's still people further left of him, but he's a pretty good ballpark in general
Even the most liberals like Peter Thiel have the view.
(a sharp turn)
8 per 100
Until then you have to accept, that there isn't a majority in the EU that is in favor of an exit - but you have all the power to change that together with your right wing friends.
> / 6
One Word
(Or maybe just throw the eagle out as a whole)
This whole heritage thing just isn't relevant in Europe.
It probably really depends what you compare it to and what you expect
I'm not sure if it is unique, but I certainly enjoy the austrian way in this matter.
Glad that that's out of the way.
(I think nowadays it's neither and owned by some international food conglomerate)
Romanians do the jobs Austrians dont want to
Fyi, Spain is about the size of Texas and there's beautiful places everywhere, and you can do anything from a beach holiday, over hiking, cultural city trips, or even skiing in winter (a little bit at least)
or [Schönbrunn Palace] both in Vienna
Destroyed two governments in less than 24 months, and is the first person to be mistrusted enough to get thrown out as a chancellor
Looks like it's all BS
Camping outside a camping ground without permission is not legal.
Did you take a look at the comment history of those accounts?
solar roof tiles) have been a major (maybe the) research effort in the last two decades, and it's not even over.
calling the DACH region to report in: /r/de
The first building was build 1460, but it's still not a city
Although he was no Nazi sympathizer (he was too young to "participate" in the war and lost his father and brother plus was displaced from his hometown in Serbia, so he just hated the entire war) he disliked the soviets even more
Its not Europeans who constantly meddle in the middle east.
Hell are we happy we are boring in this age around
That is probably the most American thing I've read in this thread so far
Thal (German old word for Valley; birth place of Arnold Shwarzenegger)
Then please mark your opinion as such, eg by writing "I think they are not refugees if..." instead of "they are not refugees if..." because by definition they are while you apparently disagree with the definition.
I hope you will find another reason to visit it again although i wouldn't put too much faith in the LASK
or Life is Life by Opus
LEBERKAS
# "KRUZITÜRKN
I scheiß mi au
Surprisingly, fuck isn't incredibly frowned upon.
Spain and Portugal will suffer less because they have former colonies from which people migrate because of the shared language but Southern Italy and especially Greece will suffer
And it's always the parties that disguise themselves as the "party of the small man".
and in my whole life, I've been exactly once
Just a lowly sysadmin writing scripts for infrastructure automation, but always English for me
And to expand on this: In formal speech or in newspapers, Americans are often called "US-Amerikaner", pronounced oo-ess-amerikaner, i.e.
Also "Ich versteh' nur spanisch" "I only understood spanish" means that you actually don't understand what the other person said
Since my grandfather was a farmer called johann, his father was a farmer called johann, his father was a farmer called johann, ... that goes back 7 generations or so, and the head of my family moved not more then 50 km from the area we lived back then
Who would have thought that Facebook would get some data from its own purchased companies.
Yeah, but his known supporters are pretty much free game in Lybia these days.
[Here he is doing the same in his native language.]
And that spelling is also usually a lot closer to the standard spelling than what "phonetically" doing it would be
Religious group of ca
Lets see how the parliament likes that
Edit: let me add as a disclaimer: i am not saying anything here is illegal, that would be for the courts to decide
Great job, Austria
Technicly all the answers here are wrong since the official name was never austria-hungary (in german: österreich-ungarn) but "the kingdoms and lands represented in the imperial council and the lands of the holy hungarian crown of st
It's basically fast food, so some people eat it with ketchup
Simple: You don't have a dry schnitzel
Its very hard to find a good place to live because the prices are ridicolous
we should not give more power to China, they manipulate their currency and do unfair practices on trade.
so if the other eu countires or the us (russia kinda lost its status) are ok with it, we could change our state treaty and join germany.
Makes sense
Yes, the language of the Elves was greatly influenced by Finnish, and for that reason, I owe the Finns a limitless debt of gratitude
Sorry, but this is too fake
because their grandfather was also called Adolf).
And I somehow dont like the idea of ordering food from the internet - I am just not that much invested
would be tranlated to "protestant church" or lutherans while the english speaking world when speaking about "evangelicals" usually means "taking the bible literal"-nutjobs.
Es ist in den Jahrgängen 1938/39 auch ein deutlicher "Spike" in den Geburtenstatistiken zu verzeichnen, weil wenn sich die Leute freuen, dann budern sie auch mehr
It was ... awkward
Might be because of the specifics of what was voted on?
You then get a unique ID number ("Matrikelnummer") from the first university you sign up at and a university ID card with this number, date of birth, name and picture in most cases
A funicular train caught fire because of a design fault and 155 people died mainly because the doors could only be opened by the operator
So you can also leave the stuff you don't need on your desk
Yes, but it's a question of age: people below 40 are much more likly to greet friends that way than older folks.
A good example would be this [video between 10 seconds and 12 seconds]
I imagine tourists taking a walk on a sunny summer day when suddenly from the woods they hear yodeling: "What are you doing in my ALPS
That side of r/europe rearing its ugly head again
The black-red-golden tricolore in this form stems from liberation wars against Napoleon and can be attributed at least since 1815
I mean after all he's the head of the state but he's not democratically legitimised.
The only thing I know is that the people in /r/Russia hate and ridicule him.
Happend to my dad at work
I know in the Basque Country it's more common, but far from being the norm
People here jaywalk all the time, but only if it really won't disturb traffic.
and no, it's not gonna be a totally alien concept to you, just mildly interesting
It might be easier to look for a far left and a far right country and compare their policies than to just go by the large countries you hear about in the media.
Icelandic
I use that only for things that should be dried in a drieer: Sleeping bag, duvet etc.
The government says it wants to let the 2.8 million EU nationals stay in the UK, but member states must reciprocate.
She was just happy to cash in around 5000€ per month and was unwilling to invest anything in it.
It's still up to the Parliament and the Council to ratify its suggestion
The "Russian solution" for when a solution isn't beautiful, but works
Now they are mixing them so their water has normalised
And don't get me started on the cultural differences in food between Austria and Germany
You'd end up with 7 years of informal talks until everything is agreed upon beforehand all the while you'd have the looming threat of a sudden declaration of Brexit hanging over your heads with constantly changing governments on all sides expect the German one.
The NSA keeps getting smarter
they were meant to be Radio-shows first, weren't they?
The house I live in was built in the 1880s ... and it's just a regular house of many, nothing super special
Maybe 10-20% or so
If you shit exclusively on a mountaintop it would end up downhill anyways
I don't see any new homes without self locking doors
80er Stroh, literally useable to kill of insects, tastes like death and misery and only used if you absolutely don't want to remember the last 7 years of your life
Careful Ned, careful now
2004 and 2018
like the other countries that didn't take in hundreds of thousands of migrants.
I'd love to go back again once the pandemic is over
I took Spanish classes in high school where we started off with grammar, so I've got a basic knowledge of that
I mean, Graz is kind of awesome
Sometimes I even think antivaxers have our best interest in mind
I didn't have the chance to go there because it was chilly/stormy/rainy on that day and I didn't want to risk anything :`D
So who else did blizzard ban for ... Idk ... Speaking out against the US or Russia for example
Did they chicken out in the last board meeting or what
so yep, that fits
I believe it‘s very unknown outside of Austria and Styria but Bad Kleinkirchheim
I haven't heard of anyone using it for ages though
The whole debate about "straws" being banned is just so fucking dumb
This combination is weirdly fiting very well together
in der Durchführung des Holocaust tätig waren
Ooh look at me, I'm a Brit and I'm hitting se nail in se head
It used to be much lower but Austro- and Deutschpop is having a renaissance in Austria right now and that proportion is growing.
We only beat them *once* [in an important game at the World Cup 1978 in the city of Cordoba] but to this day every Austrian knows what *Cordoba* means.
and would she inherit the crown from Charles or will it go to William?
I was surprised no one had mentioned it, because it’s so common around my family and group of friends
Because both are big comic villain companies from America who steal your data
Yes, in Austria it's called Maturastreich and it happens usually right after the results of the exams being announced
I have a friend of mine and she‘s one of the food sinners, as we call them lovingly in our Server
With it comes a beautiful Tiergarten (zoo) in the gardens of the castle - which is by the way the oldest zoo in the world and has the first naturally bred panda baby born in captivity in Europe
Anybody know on who that name is based on
Don't worry about it, natives are as well.
And if not bland sweeter than goddamn brioche
- Give it back
If many, you could sign some in GBP and some in EUR, so that you split your risk (50-50 or whatever ratio you feel comfortable with).
Not Europe and also not my home country, but I've had a US ID card at some point
There is no time to rely on facts.
People are really nice and warm and social
Thanks :)
lmao
I'm not sure if I should count myself to the 9% or not.
red cabbage has always something festive to me, as it only served with good things like game, venison and better parts of beef
It‘s not something I see every day
In Austria there are three Supreme courts
How is this contributing to your point
They were the best I have ever tasted but the price man
It was the standard with my family and also with my schoolmates families
It was really really hard to smile and saying that it's a great name
I have a cousin who grew up and lives in the southest part you can even imagine of Bavaria and he speaks like a Prussian.
Oz ondo
After bloody riots and small scale skirmishes between militias the UN send peacekeeping forces that more or less separated the island between the Greek and Turkish population
also i have some experience from recent years when i tried to speak slovak to Czechs and they looked at me like I'm speaking klingon :D so i rather speak Czech when in Czechia
That stereotype was like 20 years ago at this point
But this guy was active for weeks, in public spaces where dressing up is not considered as normal.
Also their cars and general technical expertise
), an outer border region (of an Empire)
I like coffee, I like complaining about everything and my humor is dark
Get ready for reservation fees
Yes, I've been to Linz a few times
Norge sounds like it has an emphasis on the e :/
&#x200B;
As an Austrian I'm able to read Dutch, although its hard sometimes
When abroad, Spanish people aren't as loud as Italians
Yes, the "we were the poor first innocent victims of the bad, bad Nazis" idea was common until the late 90s, since then we've pretty much stopped that and stand by what happened
I mog koan Kas, donksche
That would be [Otto Clemens] although he is a narrator rather than a presenter
Well, that's a nice fucking palace
Well, I don't eat those, but many Austrians do
Good-bye Luxembourg
Vind ik leuk
J as in Jay
> aprés ski
Of course other products of the company are available for way cheaper as employee
Vienna is amazing and if they like cities it's probably the best choice
at least in written German I read it very often all over the Internet
Never say never
It comes from this video i think
This may be purely a mistake on my part or my bad memory, but I feel like we only talked about the First and Second World Wars (and the events leading up to both) in school for 2
Post this to /r/Dataisugly
Have a nice day and goodbye
Kickl studies philosophy since 50 semesters and just doesn't get smarter
That guy who went to Germany and then invaded us
I never realized that his name is Shia the cattle.
Dual citizenship isn't allowed in Austria.
The imperial system
Yes, it will kill them
The only difference is that they won
I remember seeing it on TV when they removed the body from the Valle de los Caidos
They tell them not to kick in the doors of the training buildings cause it will cause injuries to them
After meeting People in Egypt it is true that some hhave hidden sympathies for ISIS, unfortunately
oh no
Sachertorte (it's the best chocolate cake you can get in Austria)
She died when my grandma was 8 of exhaustion
Not sure, I know that the term is very old and used by older people
I will call the police if you knock again
Bird of prey show in Landskron
try to dress as what you feel to be "smart". and muted colors
Dude was only 1,51m tall lmao
You dont have to go the US for that
They are supposed to be British but have run out of tea
But thanks, at least I now know what the rest of Austria is up to
It could always be worse
I don't get it
afaik that used to be the case, but they stopped, and the tunnel should be the replacement
I do genuinely hope for you fellow people in the UK that you get another chance to vote
Not to say I speak all these languages, but travelling and meeting people helps with basic like "helo", "please" and "thank you". just to be polite
It's Clinton I would have been worried about concerning Russia, not Trump.
Not exactly but sometimes when I hear/read something in English (I am Austrian) it takes me a few seconds to realize that it’s not German
Yeah
Not quite
No, that song is nice and all but it was composed by Americans for an American audience and has little cultural or emotional meaning to Austrians themselves
Our neighbors have been overrun
and it's too long for some crunchy news headlines
Wenn man in die Kataloge schaut sind beinahe alle Türen selbstsperrend
Well clearly he was Spanish - it‘s in the Name ;)
somehow my mind reads it as "FANCLUB2020" and i was confused
No, I understand the American voting system.
But, of course, you're not gonna become a C2 in a language from using a FREE app
Same here
Surely Scotland the Brave should be on that list too
I just don't see the joke in calling someone racist.
Like the word for *clothes*: *Gewand/Gwandl (*A-G) vs
giving an ultimatum to Serbia I suppose
ooh it's one of those cities that are awesome to pronounce in an andalusian accent
i am really curious
Cause that is how you get butthurt Brits.
It's leberkäse or leberkas - semmel means breadroll
I don't know about other countries were there is such a large turkish population that is also allowed to vote back home in Turkey.
How dare you reject nuclear energy
Hofer is not a Nazi despite what the sensationalist media tells you.
Yeah, hardly any country can beat Austria when it comes to smoking.
Preferable to the Germans who tried to eradicate the Polish nation (again) but this time to the last person but still who would trust Stalin, massive prick that he was
It's just an additional option
Vienna is amazing and if they like cities it's probably the best choice
rich conservative sissies the damn pampered lot of them
Do they plan to cook meth in space or what
A Poland rich enough to buy German products is also good for Germany.
Let’s not forget that the Treaty of Versailles was unfair and way too harsh
have something similar, but not on the beginning of spring but instead in summer near the end of the school year, after the grading period has finished and there's just a few days left before the holidays
I missed one of the attacks by a few minutes, it was right on the usual path from my garage to my apartment
Those are normal people that just wore it
The regional concepts defined according to these criteria are shown on maps that is supplemented by structuring
I've never heard of Brita; what's it for
Slovenia is like the untouched, purer Austria
in short, things are hard to compare
Because even Yugoslavia was a nation state (in this case for the "yugoslavs")
Very rarely
every now and then and afaik there is nothing comparable in Austria or Germany.
Not often, maybe once a month at most
Literally: If flys fly over flys, flys fly after flys
Guy murders a woman, goes to prison, becomes an very successful author in there, convinces people he changed, has a celebrity fan club that helps him to get out on parole, starts a serial murder spree on two continents WHILE reporting on those exact murders for the radio, getting caught again and finally hangs himself in prison
I do miss a lot of reptiles here
What are all these stunty towers for
Well, chauvinism is very associated with France after all
Maybe I just don't watch channels that are big enough to have subtitle translators (because this "feature" seems to be tied to that)
Then have some articles of dfferent dates
Yes, that's something I try to do, but it usually takes me to long to realise, that she is almost running because of me
> we’re overall fairly normal in regards to religion worldwide
I agree we should give them military assistance, but it's hard to fight a war if you're bankrupt, so the financial assistance certainly helped.
Iceland participated in [ISAF] in Afghanistan, which seems to count here as war (same thing for Austria and Finland)
And like philzebub666 already said: Attnang Puchheim is the small version of Wels
There can never be enough Schwarzeneggers.
Other continents have their own problems, we (as Europeans) share pretty much the same shit that's going on in the US.
Weil der Austrofaschismus – im Gegensatz zur NS-Zeit – ein nach wie vor politisch umzanktes Tabuthema ist
and
the winter Olympics are huge, the summer aren't
Sammatti	IT
Thank you :)
you have the best female bouldering competitor though
„sich ausgehen“ as in „etw
Ez da alemaniako
It works about half as good as a solar panel on a roof but it does work in the sense that it generates energy.
EDIT: Something I forgot to mention, he did get the Iron Cross during the war
Hm, now that I think of it, I'm not sure.
>high speed rail is a staple in Western and increasingly - Central Europe
I think in my mind this archetypical figure is a representation of the primal fear of the dark and the uncertain
I've got several restaurants in my area that have takeout that is much better than what most people could cook themselves and it's "healthy" food
I meant in mainland europe, but yeah you are technically correct ;)
Our brains are shaped by our first language
To a degree no ÖVP-head has been able to do since the 1960s, or at least since Schüssel
I will do one if I need it
It's just a meme at this point.
Russian trolls are coming
They could, without problems, put that on the price tag
It is the very first time in her life that Rapunzel sees a man
It has no fancy name, but makes up for it with a badass origin story.
I mean, Kärnten is just a bunch of beautiful lakes with some land in between
There were a lot of supporters although they probably often had no idea how bad it would get (concentration camps etc) they probably mostly supported him for promising them a better future and Antisemitism was pretty wide spread in Europe and certainly also quite popular in Austria at that time
Meanwhile, I had no idea about most of my more distant relatives and many of the closer ones lived many kms away
But you would loss your lovely beaches and only gain mountains,  while we just move a little to the east
I'm struggling with the "R" in just about every word, I just can't pronounce it properly
Like the word for *clothes*: *Gewand/Gwandl (*A-G) vs
More people on both sides of the border need to know this
The biggest problem is that everyone assumes I am super logical and rational, while in reality I'm a fairly sensitive and fragile person.
[AT] Just started a section on Austria in r/eupersonalfinance's wiki
Scchwarzenegger is from the region where it says "barking dogs" on the dialect-map
(I’m a girl and even I own one)
The only memes I can think of are either german or not really memes
Austria's least livable village is still better than the world's most livable city
The amount of money we'll spend could have saved ten to a hundred times as many people in Africa who are actually under threat of losing their lives because of disease and hunger unlike most of the migrants who arrived here over the past 30 years.
At the same time Wikipedia has two pages of complicated text that contains plenty of unnecessary steps etc
That's a good one
Bad idea
000 € of today's money considering 30 years of inflation
From 10-13 I had this awesome English teacher, she was strict af but after those 4 years grammar really stuck with me
How do you survive wearing a coat at 23°C?
Stephen's Cathedral]
"Hey, either you are with us or fuck you
They share the same pope, but apart from that...
Oh okay
I'm usually much too hungover ...
It is small, super touristy, and there isn’t much to do or see there
That would be the most glorious thing of the decade!
> 1200 years
Yes it's clean energy, but we do not live in a competent enough world to utilize it
With Iceland they have a united economic zone
Red: Maths
Today was the first hotter day in a week and it was humid as fuck
My favorite one is "Asterix in Britain".
Also give up, you are in the same boat as the rest of us, you smug Schluchtenscheißer
I don‘t want to start a fight, but I‘m surprised you say that, considering you‘re German
Repeating an election because of faulty envelopes is not enough
It's just a terrible terrible film
I did not know that and it's fucked up
Prost Burschen und Mädls
That's 'Hand me ruler please
mit dem dielakt ja
['member this nice poem
I think this was the biggest gift the EU gave the Romanian people.
Simple: You don't have a dry schnitzel
Definitely not cashier and the like
Everybody gets taught to _not_ use Handy for cell phone
Yeah I have no problem with Computer, Handy and so on
We are polite but we don't mean it.
Especially Chemical Engineering
Of course Austrians and Swiss Germans are Germans, it's been a descriptor for the descendants of Germanians long, long, long before there was a Germany.
Reminds me of more calm Tropico songs
Well, it's not on the list of things I expect to see in my lifetime, that's for sure.
How does it feel that Guiness is more cheaper here than In Éire
I know some people in Austria who have iPhones and their main reason is because they are using Macs
I really like this one: [Es wird scho gleich dumpa]
The imperial system
I'm not saying austria doesnt have a shared history with germany
For an American, anything pretty much produced in Germany I'd call local
For some reason we thought it would be a good idea to add little strips of our national flag on the top and bottom, making the plate about 1cm higher than the standard
oh, bora, jugo and mistral, isn't it?
Austria here
This is a clever way to say that democracy doesn't actually exist
Of those who play a double game, yes.
However, the Turkish government refused to withdraw troops
Well, they voted for his party - chancellors in Austria are appointed, not voted upon
a single person who will **then have to stop all their work in the party they belonged to and take on a nonpartisan position**.
Sport lessons are usually 2 consecutive hours here.
Really weird
The first mention of Ostarrichi was 996, back then it was part of the duchy of Bavaria, so it was neither a kingdom nor an empire at that time; it was a realm (= Reich), that was positioned in the very Eastern part of the Holy Roman Empire
*Soviet realism intensifies*
Doesn't matter, Austria (same as Switzerland+Liechtenstein) is surrounded by NATO members and safely tucked into the whole NATO-EU military framework
No more than about threads asking if we are annoyed by it
I love it
000 in Vienna compared to 70
North Slovenia <3
Today growing up I learned _so much_ about WWl, WWll, Austria pre-war, Austria during 1918-1938 and Austria post-war
It wasn't really an issue sinc3 we only had a couplensubjects and 4-6 hours a day
On the one hand probably the most touristy site in Florence (and those are usually super expensive), on the other hand it's an old, moist shithole with bad insulation and a smelly river just underneath you
It would cover the actual range and include marital status too.
There might be differences depending on in which sector (= under which collective agreement) you are working
I would not say that this applies everywhere
I think I can pinpoint the school you are talking about
Unless you live in Tirol
So we hadn't much of a walk there
Maybe because most were build from private investors so there was a natural will to differ you building from the other
Thats about 170 km from where i passed out
Like, try something new for once goddammit
Dekagramm is widely used here in Austria (I actually thought it's a unique Austrian Thing), so it might be common in some parts of the former Empire?
And these guys are gaining a lot of votes at the moment.
Plus there are methods to do it artificially in greenhouses
We hate you cuz you are too similar
My suspicion of the term still being popular is more along the lines of the word transporting a feeling of "closed in by mountains" as well as helplessness and laziness
Would probably be a social-democrat (SPÖ) here in my country.
The current trajectory of most Southern and Eastern European countries is to slowly bleed out of human capital until there are only a few urban regions left with wilderness around it
How do you clean the leftmost and rightmost windows on the outside if that's in the first floor instead of on the ground floor
Lidl has the better meat selection though
I like Weißbier, helles and Pils
Do people like you go to bed/get up at the same time every day
Sebastian Kurz, the (ex- and- not- yet) Chancellor of Austria is 33 years old
- "Einen Polnischen (Abgang) machen", to do a Polish (exit), is something I've heard
TIL and TIL for both of these
The two, which had been loudly singing before at least agreed to be brought to another part of the train and appeared surprisingly cooperative, they even showed the train attendent their Moroccan passports.
The oldest zoo in the world is [Tiergarten Schönbrunn in Vienna] The first steps of an attempt of a zoo dating back to 1452 and the name Schönbrunn first shown on documents from 1642
While Halloween is already incredibly commercialized in the US, it is nothing but a money grab in Europe
You can find places looking like this all over Europe, and without landmarks and vegetation couldn't tell wether it's in Romania or Portugal.
Can't really say anything about after university degree, but 10 years ago when I started working immediately after having finished high school, I still lived at home and commuted to the city
Schnizelhaus, schnitzelwelt, schnitzelwirt,...
(Aka our privilege)
The way it's presented on the cover of The Sun, one might think the black guy is in custody.
In the early morning I'm still tired sometimes and the lights on my bus is always far too bright
We usually only have 2 ways of greeting someone, both mean the exact same thing and you normally use 2 greetings for whatever reason.
However, Romania doesn’t either anymore
Oh, I can see this would cause problems.
Actually I think Vienna's density is mostly pretty good, it's the other cities were there is a huge lack of housing.
The Little mermaid is also pretty dark in original variant
as long the infected people are outside and doors well shut
Idk if it counts but Standard German
Fahr mit 'nem Gummiboot bis nach Alaska
how the hell is somebody pro-erdogan?
„Take that down immediately, what are you doing
Have you heard about our lord and savior "greenhous gases"?
Major of vienna just confirmed one dead civilist
In Upper Austria there's town called "Leonstein" (lit
As a fun fact the civil laws of Japan, Korea and China are also based on German law mixed with their customary law.
• Quality of schooling 100% depends on where you live and how good your teachers are
I don't want the government to force their citizens to get substances injected
It's really a shame, considering how beautiful other cities in your country are
Well, kinda many mods see it as fishy if they see an account with a lot of karma but no comments.
I don't know any EU countries besides them that allow self defense for every citizen
Probably because most people still grew up with some post WW2 anti-german propaganda (which was justified back in the 1940s, but come on
They are the junior coalition partner in government
Didn't have any problems connecting my non-apple speakers to my apple devices either
There's a company called [bitcoinbon.at] that officially sells bitcoins.
Idk what is in your English genes that makes you guys so resistant against cold temperatures :D My Friends from Birmingham brought a denim jacket as a coat when they visited Vienna in Winter ...
I've noticed this trend over the last few years
Edit: Thank you all for the comprehensive answers
I'd say he's the most hated
I merely said that bc the commenter didn‘t mention december or christmas eve in any way, therefore I made my comment
Their traffic broke down suddenly
But now even in summer it get's dark earlier
In Austria The Greens aren't really a party with a focus on environmental problems anymore,
>-Faux positivity; when they post what seem to be really forced memes, pictures or stories that desperately try to push through a positive narrative but seem somewhat removed from reality (e.g. "This brave pupper guarding our airport
I was pretty disappointed by Las Vegas and Los Angeles.
The world's largest collection of Gustav Klimt's paintings lies at the heart of the presentation of Art around 1900, on show at the Upper Belvedere
[A few idealists actually were against it] many didn't care or were complacent, some pretended and tried to survive, [some – very dastardly – just went with the flow, jumping from one political camp to another whenever the felt like it helped them personally] others [wanted to profit as much as possible] without regard for how the profit is made (which is why capitalists are usually complacent with fascism)
I didnt even know we had one
they look massive because
And we have a few "Oed", too
Yes beer and food is expensive, but i usually spend more money for a night in a regular club
I am very far to the east and I don't hear allemanic often at all, so I'm barely familiar with it
) there's a street vendor from Senegal who speaks very broken and bad Spanish, but is incredibly fluent in Basque
I realize I apparently have a strong aversion against those two cities
Do they wait for 5:45 h before shooting back
I have one game where the main character talks in a cringy fake Southern accent, the German dub is much better
-> *Vindobona* was the name of the Roman castrum in very center of today's Vienna (right in the oldest part of the old town), but it has no known etymological links to *Wien* (or at least it's disputed)
And I think it will happen all by itself
But he's always colder than I am
&#x200B;
Its more the other way around Technically independent practically not so much.
Sure, I understand that
They're pretty good and expanding over even more of Europe
Make it a general policy for all countries in the world.
Bosnia confused,
Self determination is actually meant for countries / people under forgein control / people being oppressed
Big divide, especially politically.
WE DID IT, WE HAVE THE OLDEST IN EUROPE
But the melody alone was very catchy so it became a hit in all of Austria
But Dutch
A nordic state for sure
What I'm trying to say is, they didn't stand a chance
Many people that don't live in northern Germany probably still don't know that
my wife is from Bavaria, but I guess this doesn't count
Well, "demonstrating"...
While true, I don't think that will matter as much to a person like him like it would to regular people.
Austria has mandatory military service, a small professional army, a rather large trained militia and huge amounts of people that had their basic training in the past.
Well we thoroughly learn about those as well obviously
Yes if it is about German-speaking people who think it's cool to mix 20% English and 80% German into their sentences
What do they eat their Spaghetti with then
Even in schools and universities we talk in our dialect.
Short hair
Was good fun to pub crawl from 1 to the next for a pint.
*for now*
Afaik it didn't much affect him in the rest of his life
Dude, are that
Since I don't bear any ill will towards any EU country, the boring but logical choice to minimize casualties is ~~Luxemburg~~ Malta
Same goes for your southern neighbour.
Prost Burschen und Mädls
Yes, at least a washing machine
already {adv} [used to emphasize that a situation or problem exists]
Pölten (I know, I know)
Post enlargement text
Similarly to how [Texas German] sounds nothing like any German dialect around in Europe today
Select fire means, you can switch between full-auto and semi-auto
Or do you mean you only buy the eggs non-refrigerated
And I think my dad is the center of it with always screaming his opinion, which doesn‘t make it any better
He claimed some leftists created the account to get him negative press for the election
Also: of you have "beef“ with someone* highlighting the fucking shitshow we're living in while we're heading to an extremely aweful future, you might be more helpful to society if you just shut the fuck up and continue your miserable existence in silence
Sauce: late night [wikipedia] scrolling
Honestly cannot remember where I had it
It does not work once religious differences clash.
Love to the North
* RHI makes fire proof building materials
All STEM fields
It seems to me that you have quite an agenda, judging by your comments...
[I like this one]
It's been, like, 2 months since Ibiza
There seems to be a nude/none-nude border towards Italy: I have been in a spa in a northitalian skiing area - there you could differentiate the austrian and swiss tourists from the italian ones easily by seeing who was naked and who wore their swimming-cloth in the saunas
Go on from there
Meanwhile at the Hungarian and Bulgarian border.
"For a Petersburger it is entirely normal to be in Finland, which is closer than Moscow,"
Germany
Hofer: Right-wing, presents himself as anti-establishment, plans an active presidency (and unconventionally so), talks about change in broad bold strokes, definitely anti-immigration
Like, yeah it may be more complex than that, but I was still right lol
Also: get some Touchscreen gloves
You can get a country flair on the right
Maintain a curious diplomatic status as being recognized as country by over 100 other countries (many others not, but still), have their own passport system, laws, number plates, etc
I'd say the [Zither] :) You might have heard the [Harry Lime theme] from The Third Man
I've just been protesting in Austria
Also: Madagascar is not somewhere close the poles
There's some misinformation here.
You know what
I'm planning to go there after finals in two weeks (:
no, the muslim population in spain/portugal is much smaller (in relative terms) than in central/northern europe.
Daher ist meine erste Assoziation anders ;)
Both aren't really acceptable outcomes
Might as well call this law the Fuck-Apple Law
They often do behave like that when dealing with us.
Or find spme other solution but i am pretty shure that currently your nation just can't work
Nothing serious except civil wars.
150-200 ping here in Upperaustria
It's strange to view actual choice as a negative thing
I haven't seen a university yet where research output from employees (includes PhD students) does not belong to the university
Yes, I've been to Linz a few times
Or Netherlish (English)
I like it
filled with goat cheese and bell peppers and I wouldn‘t need anything else
Standing up when the Teacher enters the room, wait until he says Good Morning, than sit down.
Quite frankly, they were rich paupers)
Let's wait for the confirmation from the police later
paris, but i feel like rn (summer) isnt the best time to go there
PPS is an arbitrary normalized currency unit)
This only works for regions like yours because there it is the standard to speak more than one language
You can say he was a bad and dictatorial ruler, but insane
Walt gets cancer - goes to hospital - dies anyway eventually
So that tourists can take pictures.
same in slovakia
The former concentration camp in Mauthausen feels very creepy, for obvious reasons
But I guess that's the same if you go only to Paris in France.
Guess what kind of precipitation is kinda rare there (at least compared to other surrounding, higher mountains)
It's really weird to see that von der Leyen is an actual human being
He was, along with Mozart, but they don‘t seem to care
Good Tips, but for House hold appliences I will say don't fix which isn't broken
Are there any official communication channels from the EU commission, that give details about what that deal will most likely include, or what has been negotiated so far
, no single person secretly imprisons family members for a long time
Lots of these slogans would make excellent bedroom talk...
These beggars are organised by gangs.
Banning the guns won't stop the massacres
so you are one of those people that think terrorists or criminals walk casually in a gun store and buy a rifle or pistol legally ??!
I mean Alto Adige is practically ours already anyway
But, but, but Überwachungsstaat!
PLEASE FAR NORTH
For them the memories of Barney and war will be forever intertwined
IIRC Franco changed Spain's timezone to CET to be in the same timezone as the Third Reich, but that might be anecdotally
You forgot to mention Hitler, he seems to be quite popular on r/europe
I would have bet my firstborn that this title would go to the UK
So at least for the foreseeable future wind power from the north and alpine energy storage damns cant work together efectivly
Yeah, that too and not just in Calvinist Holland
Well, Triest is traditionally the point of reference in all of Austria, so yes
I mistook your flag for a millisecond for an Austrian one and was thinking „What the hell are they talking about
Should be common sense, buuuuut...
How hard is it to understand that that's a terrible optic.
Try Altkirchenslawisch (old church slavonic)
At 15,5 (or 15?) and you start learning with 14,5.
When we learned what become really means, the card became (ha
Because of the Covid restrictions he implemented
Not surprising if you keep in mind that also almost a quarter of our population lives in Vienna
Con: Too many racists and nationalists
**It is a beautiful city**, don't get me wrong, but in comparison to other big cities in Europe and the world it would highly surprise me if it still would have that much tourism without drugs.
cc)
According to surgery we also have long waiting times
Unitedstatesofamerica -> America, Unitedkingdom -> England, Côte d'Ivoire -> no thanks we'll stick to the local one that we know how to pronounce
A Pfannkuchen is flat and not filled with anything
Our prices are even higher when "Bergrettung" has to find you in the alps or when you need a medical helicopter when you're skiing.
I can't imagine why, it seems the few that exist(Cities Skylines, Game Dev Tycoon,...) do very well.
That's just normal
My second name is Wolfgang, glad to hear some people enjoy hearing it
Good Day, I [am] call[ed] John, it rejoices me Them know-to-learn
How on earth is german of all languages the only one to not have created a word for this so far
Why is it soo hard for many to accept this
Hey, I stayed shortly in Waterford last time I was in Ireland
Austria was several german states which together where the Habsburg Corelands, you know
Yeah, interesting times in Romania atm ^^
There was Ski Challenge
Llanfair­pwllgwyngyll­gogery­chwyrn­drobwll­llan­tysilio­gogo­goch
But its more pandering than true conviction.
I don’t drink, I don’t smoke, I don’t eat meat
We keep hims as dumb American mascot.
And even if you consider them exactly the same both Austria and Italy had fascist-governments before Germany had one.
It's no problem at all in Austria
and a great europe can annihilate and conquer!!
Eurosport Germany is free to air.
Kaisersemmel -
In Austria we have Spatzen to mean Muskelkater as well
The old and tired Hitler-Beethoven joke also doesn't help
That was the norm back then
Also Northerners tend to hug more than shake hands, I think
["Jedermann" by Pizzera & Jaus]
So you are telling us a few hundred tonnes of imported waste are causing the problems obove
Without changing the modus of counting those votes it was bound to blow up sooner or later
- a bit about Phoenicians/Carthago
I still think it's fascinating
PISS, amazing name for a nazi team
It is estimated that he saved around 200
- Awareness about them rose in the majority society after a pipe bomb attack on a roma settlement.
Not at the same level as car owners, sure.
Have a similar arrangement since my flat is too small for a machine with a washer and dryer in the basement
>We moved much closer to Europe
It was my first time exploring a Vulcano
Note that also in these countries, a continuum exists from accepting to condescending from city to countryside and from younger to older people
Imo, you don't need to say anything nice about my country.
He's not that well-known by Name, but anyone who has ever seen a nature documentary ([UNIVERSUM] Terra Mater) on Austrian TV knows his voice
Thanks for the info, u/Big_Dirty_Piss_Boner
A woman succumbed to her injuries
Kurz will sizzle out like Haider and Schüssel
Or if it's a big group, just a nod or a wave
> their entire national identity is "not being German"
So, Hitler wasn't Austrian for 24 years before WW2 started
So we should just hold all elections in December?
Yes, it does violate the no questions please rule, please use /r/askeurope ;).
Nation of Bavaria and Tyrol when
I feel like I'm not going to find that on Duolingo
Abgesehen davon, dass es keinen Sinn machen würde als nicht Liechtensteiner dort zu leben
but you must admit that it *is* a thing to hate on the Viennese
Most of us are friendly as fuck
Are you sure that he didn‘t say anything along the lines of juten as in guten (juten Morgen, juten Tag or some shit like that) and not actually Juden
I have to have a Mohnflesserl with Käseleberkäse every couple of weeks
that's the problem when there's 100 definitions of german.
And I understand it must be difficult to think that your own grandfather could have been one of them
But it's normally like that
ah ok thanks :))
That name doesn't make sence
we do, I just never notice them, and I would have slept through this one
Overall I think there wasn't put that much importance on it
Sorry, I didn't want to imply a "German cultural homogenization" at all
Well, the word already existed before and described the work/period that a serf had to work for his feudal lord (Corveé in English)
Most we learned about the Austrian Empire was in context of how various Habsburg monarchs affected Austria itself
I guess if i could choose, I would prefer Hamon, from what i know about all of them.
Three World Heritage Sites are shared with other countries: Fertö / Neusiedlersee Cultural Landscape is shared with Hungary; Prehistoric pile dwellings around the Alps with France, Germany, Italy, Slovenia and Switzerland; and Ancient and Primeval Beech Forests of the Carpathians and Other Regions of Europe with Albania, Belgium, Bulgaria, Croatia, Germany, Italy, Romania, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, and Ukraine
So you are saying there's only 6 big countries out of over a hundred
Then the eventual "Staatsvertrag" (National Treaty) of 1955 cemented Austrias "everlasting Neutrality" (that was how it was officially called btw) and future political endeavours
Maybe it is because in the Austrian variant of German, we also tend to do "lazy" g's like in Spanish ("In Austrian German, intervocalic /b, d, ɡ/ can be lenited to fricatives [β, ð, ɣ]" conf
mies bruder
Welp, at least it explains it
I bought one toolast year , fit nicely into my mid sized car
Austria was a christian fascist country before Hitler invaded
> The problem is if the city is built with cars
Oh my god the road sign thing is so stupid.
But instead of using them for food we put in stuff like a tea kettle
I suppose this won't change much in the end.
So auch Hitler, mal ganz abgesehen davon dass er das schon viele Jahre vor dem Anschluss so sah.
Her party ended up excluding her from any public positions in the end; I think it’s obvious why
Well if I had to pick one I'd say latvia, but it's more me not knowing much about the country and it's history than the country itself being uninteresting, i feel like it's just overshadowed in a way by it's two baltic neighbours as well
Yeah, those are the ones I most commonly see too
Warning: like all responses in this comment section, this post is full of stereotypes, generalizations, and subjective and biased observations
I‘ve never actually heard Hulapalu on radio, only during festivals
I was there a couple days ago and the trees are still green
Not sure
Nope, the English word is "bullying".
Also, in my state, we regularly find old roman artifacts, and a couple of years ago they found some roman ruins near our airport
O right poland, that nation that exists again
I was told that he was a horrible man and did awful thing in the name of the third reich
A city you only visit to die there
What an idiocy
Someone have an explanation for this (why it's not good)
Would be my pleasure
Depends if your in the city or in a rural village
What we can summize from this is that we Austrians don't do the like thing very well, instead Just having several Levels of dislike xD
So I guess I have a bit of advantage here, its been a long time though
There will probably be projections at 17:00 as usual, but unless the result is very clear, knowing who really won might take a few days.
Are people actually acting like light sodas are a major detriment to your health
sometimes they're left with neighbors or in [shared parcel boxes] if any are installed
Your cheeks are conscious
If I speak the original language then I will play it in that language
White: Latin
Stray dogs
Vicky Christina Barcelona is probably the worst in that sense
A lesson is 50 minutes plus 5 minutes break.
"Europe broke, how could this pass, so bad hurrdurr" is in essence calling this democratic system broken
I don't even think you can get the numbers otherwise because the way the numbers are calculated in Austria is from people's yearly tax returns as far as I know.
If you a in a house with multiple flats, it gets more complicated
My uncles father walked home from Stalingrad
Also most books I read where us but most subtles I read where UK
We have the same tradition, but I didn't know it was reserved for the dead
With its 14% it's AFAIK one of the strongest lagers in the world
It depends on your definition
also makes sense to force people to update their knowledge on driving techniques and new laws, 40 years of "that's how I've learned it and how I've always done it" are another problem that needs to be fixed probably better sooner than later
I mean, I'd say most of us are closer to the sea than most Germans
It's 35 years old and has been through the wash at least twice
It's really interesting how loan words and words in general can change meaning over time
i haven't heard of a more butt hurt group than those extremist muslims since i saw the pony show that has become the U.S. presidency and it's constituents
Like the [*Leerschritttaste*] we all know from the common *Schreibmaschinentastatur*?
If I could change one thing about tourists it would be that they stop doing that
It makes everything easier and faster
We can't have apathy when the sacrosanctity of the electoral process is at stake.
It's not law, but in the alps it's common courtesy to give the car going upwards priority
* no silent u-s, so it's color etc
German is a formal language and Austrians are really obsessed with titles
He's doing the old divide et impera, very successful so far.
If there was large scale corruption you would notice it in practical ways like budgets drying up on the way to the ground, construction costs increasing tons over budget, huge nonsensical construction jobs or just loss of tax money before it reaches the treasury
Konsistenz =~/~= consistency, at least not in most cases (excluding geology)
Atleast one attacker is confirmed dead
The meeting was recorded (they were obviously tipsy and there was reportetly coke on the table) and leaked
In June, a video was leaked that shows him basically trying to get a Russian oligarchs niece to buy our largest newspaper to advertise them
one night
Yellow: English
You won't be able to grow stuff (GMO or not) in some places where people are hungry.
"Let's elect a clown just to see what happens"- most other nations.
Source: Living in Vienna and am to Graz every year
[President Macron just made a tweet expressing solidarity with Austria
We're happy to receive any Kina-saying refugees from the weird Ch Germans who obviously must be sick in some way
Thats how they get you
but when it comes to cars you have to buy it in your country ....
Well my first reply was a question, thats why it has question marks.
It was common in the past nowadays not so much
We don't need an amoral powerhungry twat in Power for decades only because he imitates Orban and grannys want to fuck him
Freund | SPÖ | 468 | **pro**
Uranium mining is also a pretty dirty affair.
Half of the ten million people of Greece nowadays live there and it should not surprise that the city is the focal point of the modern economy
and I actually like that the next day is still (depending on alcohol level) somewhat usable that way.
Kukuruz (Serbo-Croatian origin, from 'kukuruz') = Corn
How could you possibly be up to date about wether new mosques are being built in Britain?
We have self-proclaimed sharia patrols in Vienna.
I don't mean pricing 1,99 should be illegal, it should be illegal to say so but then keep more of your money
*Escalope chasseur*) with mushroom and cream sauce
For Austria it's worth noting that those are plans that include a voice line.
As in the card game
It is pronounced more like faaak though.
There's not even enough Leberkas Pepi *within* Austria
Most people look at me weird when they take a close look at my signature because my "b" is still cursive and not printed-like
Yes, it was a few years a ago in Italy, we were  there with our school
), nowadays used with the meaning of "Czech Republic".
There was a priest who saved Hitler from drowning when he was a kid, imagine if he just didn't notice it
I see it as an outdated term from the cold war - nato countries were "the west", warsaw pact coutries were "the east".
A famous example for how Viennese German dialect/slang has been changing over the recent decades (due to the influence of immigrants from Slavic countries and Turkey) is "Gehen wir zum BILLA" (Let's go to the supermarket) turning into "Gehen wir BILLA" (Let us go supermarket)
Yeah ... that's the next thing, people stockpiling on mineral water or such
There's the occasional tech illiterate hotmail or gmx user who didn't migrate over yet (read: my mom), but gmail has a clear market lead
Mostly I just say an butter, as in "reiss umma an butta du gschissana".
It's Matura (school leaving exam) Streich (prank)
But basically everyone who has insight into this has told me that it is indeed possible
I wouldn't even say that WW1 is talked about properly
As they say you play stupid games, win stupid prizes.
Read my comment about the intended learning process [a bit further up] some people are stricter in sticking to what they've been given, others deviate more – it's all fine and part of properly learning cursive
That's like the whole basis of capitalism.
That's rookie numbers
Interestingly summer time means I get much more sun
Norway regarding leaving the European Union
Personally, I don't really know what to think of the green surge in countries around Europe but let's see what they are made of
he could even give his party an order to form a gov
The one thing most noticeable about living in a big city is probably the contact with different opinions, cultures and a lot of different people in general, which is something I really like
This was one of the more shocking incidents since the migrant crisis began.
Seeing as you are Spanish you might be the right one to answer my question.
Yeah, suddenly all of austria would hate graz instead
I personally am quite interested in the [Red Vienna] period, how it came to be, what they accomplished and how it impacts our lives in Vienna until today
Any reason why you're called Brigantium?
In my dialect it’s „Oachkatzl“.
Mir redn hoit a a gscheits Deitsch.
Nein, ich bin firmly Team salzlos
Well, nonetheless without him his Thai friend would still sale his version of RedBull in Thailand
Something like half of young male adults smoke.
FPÖVP killed them in an impotent attempt to save a few cents, and long term damage the local tourism with it because teenagers didn't learn skiing anymore through school, which meant they had a chance to learn it if their parents didn't care
Urban areas tend to be more left
Seems like "A" is home for Easter
This is based on my recent experiences with American expats in Vienna.
He lost his will to fight at that point (if he ever head any) but he was afraid of repercussions if he retreated
We don't demand such ludicrous shit from serbia after the assassination of Franz Ferdinand and therefore don't have a reason to invade them
And for the few classes we did have somewhere else than our designated classroom, we could just leave our books in little cubbies underneath our desks in the main classroom and just take the material for that one class with us
(i always put the cart back and on the chain - but its easier for me to have not fumble with something after putting it back or coins i have to put away - so i take the cart back on the chain and drive off without something (coins or else) to stuff somewhere
When our son just started eating we bought Barilla on purpose because that stuff gets very mushy
Some time last year I discovered that our national public service broadcaster (ORF) is providing news in [several languages] Mostly languages that were spoken in the former empire
"better", he says
Yes, it's an law from 1949 that a child of one of the official acknowledged religion has the right to get teached of their religion in school
I like [the badge of the team I support] because it's so simple
It's the area I'm most interested in from a historical point of view & also for personal faith reasons.
Maybe not high literature but I really enjoyed every book from Wolf Haas.
I was just pointing out to OP that both sides of the border had/have sizable German/Slovenian minorities.
His head seems ridiculously small in comparison to his body
Oh, I've heard German tourists order "Einen Palat-Schinken bitte" in my favourite restaurant
Look it up if you don't believe me.
If you want to interact a bit more, you might need to go to more rural areas.
Wouldn't it go off in a day
It's sad if it actually affects you though
What I know though is that they basically check if that name has been given to someone before in Austria
Having one extra pack, alright, having fucking 10 extra packs ... what the fuck
But I do not want to be judged by the actions of my ancestors
Bruckfleisch
Having kids just nimble on a slize of bread before taking off would save the production some work
So, of course, this leads to Germans often making fun of it
You don't have hydro or geo-thermal everywhere.
We have it too in Austria - togerher with psychology in the last 2 years of highschool
I understand that you have no understand of the situation and what happens there.
At least the border regions to Czechia
The chancelor isn't directly voted, the Parties who Form the government after the General election decide who will be chancelor
In austria, sometimes individual families (especially farmers) have their own dialects
It is most certainly a myth
Back then the countryside blamed the Jews and Vienna for everything
When in fact it was just some ultras burning flares.
So you think all gay people vote and participate in these parades and if some vote no they don't happen?
Thanks
It is - but there are two different kinds of secondary school
Austria: creative, individual, colourful, playful
America first, but Netherland second
Complete sociopath but a highly talented one
"Lanternisation":  was lynched and hung from a lantern post in 1848
[Berliner Morgenpost just posted a live video]
I'd guess most are just to lazy to shave every day, since it's such a nuisance
How many people really have air con installed in their flats and houses
If your great-great-great-great-grandfather was Irish, would you call yourself Irish?
not at all
You can unsubscribe the newsletter
Person: no
I‘ve never heard his name before and would‘ve probably gone on never knowing his name up until this point
In everyday speech, "Schnitzel" exclusively refers to Wiener Schnitzel
Personally, I prefer black olives since they are often more salty than sour
That can't be right
This whole thing feels like a South Park episode.
They are standing up against another.
It makes more sense in German than English
It's funny how her Adidas is spot on correct and her pronunciation of Nike is just wrong in the same way as the Germans do it wrong
Belgium = waffles and chocolate
-**sweet dishes as the main dish
they broadcast usally on New Year's Eve and at one of the christmas holidays concerts the whole day
> Östereich
Of course you would, just like most companies - and that's the reason I'm gladful we have Unions which protect us.
Remove that house and it would be perfect!
Cold -10
I was too young to remember
Look up pictures od "Schnitzel in Tunke" to see what the crime is supposed to look like
So the total income stayed the same
Why danes
Last year, February was probably the coldest month in the winter season while January was very warm and this year we can drink our coffee outside
Also Maschek and Peter Klien, but that's conrent primarly produced for TV
albeit the Austrians seem to all have a very serious speech impediment.
Well, he has been the leader of his party since last year, so he really hasn't had the chance to change anything.
[We are currently on warning level 4] which as you probably know means "backcountry means death".
War halt ne ziemlich beschissene Zeit für alle in nem Staat der einen großteil seines Landes und seiner Macht verloren hatte
And most of them are very poor effort even
I guess a lot of people think that Red Bull is American, not Austrian
only as a joke
but there's just something about [proper handmade leather shoes] the ones that you put wax on once a year to make them near indestructible, and you own for ten years or longer with just needing to resole them from time to time
If it walks like a duck and quacks like a duck it is most likely a duck
There is no grown enough there is just grandstanding and the figurative dick measuring competition -_-
Funfact: If you hadn't ended with the rhetoric "Questions, Questions" you wouldn't have gotten the silver!
Under 20° would be cold to me
I think this chart should properly show the US somewhere 5 pages above everyone else instead of making the jump from 50 - 100k show in a single line
hah
(Have to add: I‘m an electrical engineer currently in higher education
My second thought would be a wholesome one where you just go from Heurigen to Heurigen and drink some wine with your buddies
with that
If Boris reads this, he'll want to tow Britian westwards
I still hate it with a passion :D But I'm happy that there are some people who enjoy it
Literally people were just unhappy with the government, but can't even manage to put a finger to what the issue is.
They're definitely inferior tho
Seems more like the opposite to me.
Of course, we got the well-known village of „Fucking“ in Austria
Haneke
I am very actively looking at the Austrian market and it's already very obvious where the path is going the next two years.
Problem is, you would need consent of every member state the get rid of the VAT exemption for air travel and that is no very realistic
I wouldn't buy S&P 500 alone as it only represents US shares.
Again, if they use our vocabulary it‘s fine for me, because especially working in a restaurant, as said lol, it helps, sometimes
a roughly 1
Altough living right next to Slovenia rocks of course :D
Mozart in fact is Austrian
Only that's it's not an even split.
Then again, Nitrogen (N) is "Stickstoff" and Oxygen (O) is "Sauerstoff"...
It's probably unintentional but fitting, that the Tyrolean part of Austria didn't even get a Homer anymore
Please, the US looks at Europe like we’re a lost cause and shows 0 respect
ah, so maybe we got a chance you think
And time & space
well here Ukrainians don't have any particular non European Group.
Or was it their version of a "Volksbefragung" and nobody spoke against the use of it.
It's a nice rennesaince town with lots of history and a nice nightlife
I'm also barefoot 90% of the time at home
Probably the obly country in the EU where smoking is still seen positively.
as an austrian, i always had the european identity in me, considering how important it was for austria through its whole history
On the northern side of south Tyrol there loads of snow.
But in reality it is the date the Austrian parliament passed the neutrality law establishing Austria as a neutral country
One was drafted near the end of the war and was then killed by a soviet grenade near Vienna
Please specify right away which coffee you'd like
The Czech fairy tales were quite popular too, but more the live action movies like Tri orísky pro Popelku is one of the most popular.
Last year I visited Graz the first time and was flabbergasted
Bussi :D
Politicians in these countries then used the cheap money to plaster over structural deficiencies with deficit spending
They are then baked and served in beef broth
You have a huge gap in your history knowledge as it seems
To the people living there it is their world with emotional value attached to it
However both of those dont actually depict [the version of the paper clip that was indeed invented by a norwegian] ended up not gaining traction, because it’s design misses the last bend, making the use of it less practical)
There have been cases of a trespasser beeing shot that were found to be within the law and others of a broken nose to be beyond the right of self defense
Hey I mean the second one wasn't our idea...
Proleten are mainly low class city ppl though, not country ppl like rednecks
But if you eat less and still keep up the same low-nutrition food, you are going to run into trouble at some point
>It's still a sore point for us Austrians filled with nostalgia and not wanting to let go
We dislike them, while secretly having nothing against them.
But the Slavic name is not known, because they didn't write a lot
Uh, could you elaborate
At first I read country and thought of something like Hubert von Goisern's [Heast as net]
You and I can easily surround ourselves with english all day because (I assume) we both already speak our own language perfectly and are truly bilingual.
One of the old (K.u.K) double eagles would also be cool ... But not really fitting since we aren't a monarchy :/
I'll miss it, really
Seegrotte Hinterbrühl
Yeah, Trump is the one with the illicit ties to Russia.
It's that also because of Shakira law
Involves rubbing your ears, pulling you of your seat, getting whipped and other things
*Every* party has this echo chamber and in the end, everyone else is wrong and no problems get solved, which is exactly what makes people so tired of politics.
over here it's "1,55 €" (unlike English where it's "$1
Try to fine me something like this near Vienna or Salzburg
So good
That's why I'm atheist
Steirisch i:
We've read Faust (Goethe), Die Verwandlung (Kafka), Jugend ohne Gott (Horvath), Die verlorene Ehre der Katharina Blum (Böll), Der Besuch der alten Dame (Dürrenmatt), Woyzeck (Büchner), Draußen vor der Tür (Borchert), Kein Platz für Idioten (Mitterer) and Die Leiden des jungen Werther (Goethe) among others
We've got orders from the Gottkanzler to keep accelerating.
So we have those words, but we still have to learn the standard-german version
I worked in a restaurant that served it
But we (romanians) worked on the franchise
Except for maybe the "politics" part
Went abroad for a language course - ended up staying at the same host family as a teacher of mine
people with lower education, older people, and people from certain dialectal regions will often say Tschechei instead of Tschechien
No education at all, just sad ads for charity
We *could* be invaded just like that, that is the whole issue
Wouldn't that consume more energy since it'd always have to be on to some degree vs only being on when in use?
Wels
Martins play and a lamp/latern procession with singing.
I would unironcially be in favour of restoring the monarchy if there was a real chance, but that ship has sailed forever
This means you are about to go away from somewhere
Lauria	IT
Orbital solar would be nice
Yes, that too, whether the potato salad should be warm or cold is another thing that divides the country
-people with an attitude
The only places you see them is around superrich areas around Salzburg or inner Vienna city or private hospital Döbling, where the wifes of oilprinces do their vacations, while spending thousands of Euros.
I'm totally in the mentality for taking trains of flights but if trains are a lot more expensive, I need to make multiple changes and it takes like 16h instead of 2h, makes kinda difficult
Basically because the Latin alphabet wasn't satisfactory for representing the phonology of the language (in their eyes) so they wanted a better script, probably.
I think it's Latin>Romanian>Hungarian/German/Czech
If the party succeeds it could happen that the top party is not in the government and the head of party number two will become chancellor
* 1451 The duke became HREs emperor
Also: Ja no na net (Yes still no not) = you don't say
Buschenschanken and Heuriger are for hikers etc
And yes I am a huge Dart fan
Of course I'd like a socialist society
yes, in Austria, we had geography as a seperate class from grad 5 to grade 10 (some till grade 12, depends on the school) , 2 hours per week.
But anyway, better highway connection is not really going to solve everything in our relationship.
Mine too, even in Austria
You mom never cooked or baked whatever is typical for the federal state you grew up, or Austria
Yeah because a risk of volcanos is so much fun?
) the same
If you rise the sea level by 900 meters austria would become a island group but still exist to 50% but 99% of germany would disapear
They can cause life lasting side effects
My own country is deeply divided too, and if our presidential election would have gone a tiny bit differently, we'd have the same leftist protests right now.
In Austria, it is
I mean come on, why would you not have a ventilator involved in ventilation
It's the boy who cried wolf on a political level.
Just had to mention it since this time around they turned even my rural county in Carinthia Green.
Mozart House Museum
Another spot is [this big hole in Vienna] were the Wienfluss exits its underground bed in the very extensive canalization of Vienna and then continues to openly flow through a park and into the Danube Canal
I feel like once he talks to the right people his opinion on it might change.
It's much bigger than any other place here (over 1,5 Million inhabitants more than our second biggest city, Graz) and unlike most other bigger Austrian cities it's quite far away from the Alps
I think she was less amused
you are annoying
I really can't remember the last time that I used one
You can't really but bars or exterior metal blinds on those windows
Maybe read up on "großdeutsche Lösung" vs
[Club Mate] was really popular with IT nerds, I'm not sure how popular its today
Economy colonialism, very likely
although having rewatched some of it recently i have to say it didn't age all that well
I have a Slovakian friend who is a sound engineer
Memories of Barney or memories war, both sounds terrible in its own way
Roughly an hour later, just when the montage with the song Hallelujah playing in the background was playing, the film was interrupted indefinitely because of an important message: Pope John Paul II had died
Since this isn't standard I'll try to explain it a bit:
Europe isn't one country and in every single country you can have different regions with different cultures
Because Schwarzi just doesn't have the same ring to it
Where do you live
Because of the Covid restrictions he implemented
one of the examples we don't even use ourselves, it's a derogatory demonym used for Austrians by Germans
on the other hand i think it would be foolish to believe that not having this ban is without doubt the way to go.
Lot of people has them at home and they use it in competitions or in the woods, but often they don't even have munition at home
Only when you learn something from the crisis.
I'd also add [this picture] to the list
Pasta like pappardelle or most kinds of filled pasta ist easy to make though
The hotspot is Vienna's center of course
Went a bit down in quality after it became a default sub for anyone creating a reddit account from Austria, but all in all people complain that the sub is either too far right or left leaning, so it probably balances out.
E.g. word Höhle [cave] again, the first H is pronounced, the second is silent
Some of our most famous criminal cases involve deviations of that - for example, a guy lobbied inside a ministry for a bidder that wanted to buy public flats
As an individual you still need to consider whether or not someone really is an expert
If your business uses a gmail adress, that doesn't sound too good, man
Yeah, Austria joined Germany because of an Ultimatum from Hitler to Schuschnigg, who ordered the military to not resist the Wehrmacht
That is not "super advanced", that is completely normal
> it's about the mismatch of the circadian clock and social clock
It coveres more than the EU and it's not everywhere in the EU needed but it helps when you have it.
Do you mean 6 o clock at "afternoon"? I'd call that evening
This has become the governmental version of "...
>I don't think scale is relevant, though
You can also rearrange the different parts of the sentence so it's less interleaved
Nato members have time to meet the 2% until 2024.
I think the Urban was an attempt to "SUVifye" it, it had more "stylish" exterior like different bumbers
But
Sorry
This would match his Standard
And i mean hungary also holds righful austrian land most noteable the entire state of hungary
edit: [Found the post]
Yeah, it is
It also depends on your relative Position
SILENCE GERMAN, don’t touch our precious Mozart
Walters world is pretty cool, but sometimes I find he has absolutely no clue what he's on about
So have you served in your country's army?
Wikipedia wieda amal faktisch unschlagbar lol
While the guy was ecstatic and *would not stop gushing about how cool it was*, his daughter and son were mortified
- Cambodia
No, not here
The Copyright Bullshit in the EU Parliament is certainly US Fuckery
But he grew up mostly in Ireland, so he has a very slight but definitely notable accent
- Cambodia
They are like theme park rides
This type of racial categorization is almost non-existent in Europe, at least in public discourse on television
the whole lake region around it is very nice, but more touristy.
We here in Styria (at least where I live) kinda say öü/ø-ü (a mix between both, leaning more towards öü) instead of Öl (Oil), which I always think is funny because no German dares to pronounce it the first time
Or did its founders just think "we're in Slovenia, there's hills
1 eruption of Vesuvius spills more into air than 100 year of Human civilization
Arnold Schwarzenegger is glad that you specified the type of oak
He has big ears, and we often make fun of them
*checks Wikipedia *
Just started your first year of your bachelor
In autumn you will see cars parked left and right on rural streets
[The former] variation is only practiced in Osttirol afaik
The Polish party system really is a weird one with both main parties having spawned from the same voting block
I'm not upset about anything, you are just babbling along unrelated things, that's all
100% accurate
No, someone looking for a religion that suits them.
it was the favourite of bismarck, who scores very high with the old pangermanists.
or you can just sleep all day and party all night..
Seeing people queue up these (admittedly beautiful) cafés is funny to me
Yeah that’s fitting
It's a really fascinating time in our history, to be honest
"Wenn hinter Griechen Griechen kriechen, kriechen Griechen Griechen nach."
I don't know which is which and I refuse to look it up, but I do remember it was totally counter-intuitive to me
By white guys, both times
say that our Country is basically the same like Germany
I've never heard of something like this
That is when [Leopold I] became margrave, the first in a long line of Austrian rulers from the House of Babenberg
One example: The fish and chips shop some hundred meter away managed to make fish and chips that had more oil then fish, i literally could have made like 5 portions of fish and chips with the oil from my fish and chips
I thought that "geil" for a food was about being overly fat, not overly sweet
It sure is
Minority languages are among others: Albanian, Sorbian, Franco-Provençal, Friulian, Ladin, Sardinian, Corsican, Occitan, Breton, Basque, Catalan/Valencian, Galician, several Sami languages, Luxembourgish, Turkish, Arabic, several Romani languages, Russian, Yiddish, several Sign languages, as well as several immigrant languages such as Hindustani, Chinese, Tamil, Vietnamese, and several other unofficial or unrecognized minority languages with very small speaker communities, such as Irish Traveller Cant, , Judaeo-Spanish
His friend and commander died on impact
> As of 2019, Austria has 10 sites inscribed on the list and a further 12 on the tentative list
I was in Hallstatt too, where you can go into the salt mines
But both Jänner and Feber are the correct Austrian standardised version.
Furniture Museum
In elementary school there were some day-trips but nothing really memorable
Stop all foreign (especially saudi) funding of mosques; not allowing foreign imams in the country; deportation of all non-citiziens that have ties to any kind of terrorist group (ISIS or others)
While it doesn’t really have any skyscrapers, it focuses on vibrant architecture and public spaces, so you pretty much always have some kind of streetlife over there
He has nothing to do with immigration anyways.
Ich mach alles das, was ich verpasst hab
Stop believing your media brainwashing
I'm still fascinated that in 2021 banks still aren't able to process payments 7 days a week
Then another everytime something from the negotiations goes public.
This right here
The notion is that you do something stupid/funny that ideally is nice for other students but annoying for the teachers
However there are parts of lower Austria where strawberries are called "Ananas", which means pineapple in almost every language including German.
Weren't more people killed and injured in the train crash of Eschede
But Southern Germany
But Austrias identity doesn't really have anything to do with the Battle of Vienna
You can put any spin on it you want.
> because it can be confused with Romania or Rome
**proper** bread
She couldn't but instead of dying she turned into s wind ghost/silph as "reward"
Buy a bottle of each, try them out next to a good bottle of local beer and see for yourself.
It certainly was in Germany where I grew up
Where is Koln
Of course Vienna, but that’s more in total numbers, not in relation to size
Austria shares a lot of culture with Bavaria but really not with any of the other states of germany.
Someone have an explanation for this (why it's not good)
Man könnte fast sagen das dir das Spanisch vorkommt
I mean I get it, it's Finlind so these temperatures are far from normal and they aren't used to it, but for the rest of the world, we laugh at that temperature
You could probably ask this question about every country and even in small countries like mine, there are "hidden gems" that many Austrians won't know about.
Counties people joke about: Vienna, Burgenland, Carinthia
Which basically comes down to TTIP/CETA and why the EU is responsible for trade in the first place as well as the refugee crisis
Uh, yeah, I am sure, he also got banned from this subreddit for being a dick ^^
Yet France has 1 of the highest firearms per 100 people ownership ratios out there.
Goose is mostly something for special occasions, for example [St Martin's Day] Duck is somewhat similar - unless you include Asian cuisine, then it's quite common since nearly every Chinese or Asian fusion restaurant and takeaway will offer some variety of crispy duck
As a little "repayment" I also think that people from France where among the most friendly, topped only by Japanese and Swiss
\- e (no real german translation, similar to "ohnehin") meaning something like "anyway", but not exactly
you're only not mentioned because of the "no common borders" requirement in the question, mountain brothers
> origen
My area is such an area and we have way more problems with drunk people (yes we have way more drunk people compared to high people but still, high people never make problems)
Yeah I really enjoyed it, but it's by no means a masterpiece
I‘ve been to Hvar once, can absolutely confirm the sunny part
I was there at Christmas time and it was magical.
I heard all about it, and it's absolutely horrifying
They steal good Austrian food and destroy it with sauce.
&#x200B;
Also I don't get it
No I can't think of anything too similar to your story
Real Italy would take me a little longer.
GROSSO
The moustache guy, was actually
Yeah, in Austria it's every Saturday at noon
At least 90 % of mine were and this didn't change just because the FPÖ came to power.
Same here
For its respective regions
AEIOU
- languages
Might as well not bread and fry the meat at all.
The US has a system in place that gives the voice of someone from Wyoming 3,5 times the weight as someone's from California.
Lots of electoral offices close at around 12:00-13:00 in smaller communities.
( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
I've just spent a week in Sicily and without writing a long post, I'll just say: go there, rent a car, spend a week or two and try to see as much as possible.
"You're just like Germans right, just a bit slower and less tidy
Just accept that we have our own traditions and values that may be a little different from the US.
And I also don't think I should have any authority to decide whether people should gain citizenship in my country or not - after all I've just been born into it
At the border of the last foothills of the alps and the minor hungarian depression
I have an inability to understand what goes on in the typical Austrian's mind.
We promise to be nice this time and we won´t cheat on you with that Germans again
Yes, of course
I thought it was called "Ne*d*erlandés".
Often looks like a girl, but it's supposed to be kind of genderless
I personaly know an austrian guy who changed from playing american foodball to rugby "because it is less brutal" - that's when I learend there is at least one team doing that sport in Austria.
It won't be close as today but be ready for that
I think many people were pissed off that they had to vote for a 3rd time becasue the FPÖ appealed it
At least he isn't killing them abroad with drone strikes.
>E.g. "TIL Beavers won't chew on the sunny side of trees
In my area (countryside with no city nearby, touristy region) you get a flat with about 80m^2
I'd totally buy myself a beachfront penthouse in Gros, next to Zurriola, and eat pintxos every day until I die
von Metternich was pretty influential without beeing a head of State
No idea what you watched, but it’s Schweinebacke in German
Who has ever seen anybody balancing food on the back of their fork, like the video claims to be the "european way"?
You might get a 10% return, but it could be a bad year with -20% or a good one with +30%.
I was already getting really worked up because I thougt some accounts get the newsletter and others don't.
The shards are thought to be proof that this region had very early settlements
*Exactly* the same how it's done here and how it was for me as well
Austria would be even less relevant than it already is.
My main concern is that everyone talks about sexwork, but virtually no one cares about the voice of the sex workers themselves, they have no lobby and are between conservatives and progressives alike who still think that all sex workers are basically slaves although the truth lies in the middle
well i guess the speech is pretty much EU = good and brexit is stupid, and you say his party is the opposite, implying EU=bad and they are for seccession, which tack50 contradicted
Well, but the whole opium thing and the amount of people who starved in India adds up kinda
Hitler was Austrian not German
We gave you the guy that killed Hitler too
Sastamala	FI
thankfully our selection of Italian products is really not that bad; what a great country to have as a neighbor
Seems to be a pretty widespread thing in both Poland and former Austria-Hungarian territories
Just let the government run religious institutions and look at how stale and backwards it will become
and as a punishment for his crimes, they built him a statue?
Maybe that will happen I don't know can't look into the future
So he had also a more positive connection
You can also take a day trip to Chernobyl and Pripyat from there.
> My personal favorite is a collection of photos by Bruno Barbey that shows Poland during the 80s. My heart clenches everytime I see the photo of the grandma at Auschwitz gates
Poland wasn’t exactly ‘occupied’ between 1795 and 1918 either (at least not in the sense that is being implied), it simply ceased to exist (which is probably even more insulting than being occupied or a puppet state)
only today my british friend, only today.
Just imagine being in a coastal town and all the people are Austrian
*Liechtenstein, not Lichtenstein
Much moreso than the far-right, they stand for erosion of the middle class, dismantling the welfare state, and privatisation
My great grandfather fought in WW2 (idk where tho) and he got away from the front after he got shot where the heart is
It's very popular among retirees, but not only those.
That and hes already twice divorced
Probably because the family of Liechtenstein has quite some claims on Czech lands
He rarely comes up on like the news or anything, and many people probably do think of him as more American than Austrian, but at the same time he is seen as a great example of being able to do whatever you want as long as you put yourself out there and are proactive
Even if a dwarf in the english version for exmaple had a scottish accent, it's just always the same boring things.
Thanks for explaining, your sentence was so cutting edge and cerebral that no one could possible understand it on their own.
I'm just like "Wos woits ihr vo mir?
This shit about claims has to end.
People like you are not welcome in this country.
So it's something you have to just try and pick up from talking to friends, unfortunately
I only rememer XXXX and Carlton, they tasted good and had funny names.
Hahaha
I saw the ad on TV
Mocking is always a weak stance to take.
I'm not exactly an expert, but I actually think that the newer ministries (ministries tend to have some of their competences reshuffled every other government) tend to have the BM+first letter of each area of competence style in a similar style.
I hope you don't mind a little constructive critique.
A train to Prague costs €62, [Westbus'] standard fare is €22.
"We are not now that strength which in old days moved earth and heaven, that which we are, we are.
I personally can't speak for other castles but Neuschwanstein is an absolute waste of time.
It's a direct translation because placenta apparently was a kind of cake in ancient Rome
I visited Romania twice so far, and I was positively overwhelmed each time
My parents didn't like video games, so we always played at my friend's place
Oh god, please let it be any other Habsburg/Hohenberg and not Karl
If you can find a house for the price it will have very little land, be small (under 100m2), and/or need complete renovation/tear down
" is pretty lazy for someone working in a specialty wine shop
Can't they just use buses instead?
So like the india superpower by 2020 meme
Authentic American steak-houses exist, but they're rare.
Imho all Adaptions other than the older Anime are already really lacking, I really don't want to know what Disney would do to Heidi
I live in a hilly area and I rarely see this happen
I've talked to many Austrians about Brexit and I haven't heard one single joke but only complete bewilderment.
- half the people who are from there leave because it's so boring
>And plenty places with names that are not accurate "anymore".
And the wall didn't help either
And if hed also dissolve the council
I wouldn't want to do it long term, because of the reasons everybody else mentions here
Exactly, especially since German identity hinges on it's borders now, same as basically every country in the world.
Me: "eeeh
Germans are going to get us all killed again.
A few years later an engineer picked up the idea and wrote them about an earthquake:
It's not rocket science: Grab a glass, fill it half with apple juice and half with mineral water (containing CO2)
spelling British, optional was also doing the Cambridge First Certificate in school.
To be completely honest, 12AM vs 12PM is retarded
That absorbed a lot of anger the people had.
Do you really think the majority of Syria would vote for IS?
I want to live in the timeline where the ex-soviet states in the 90s get a helping hand and become prosperous.
I was basing my comment on the more byzantine definition of greekness which also included the Anatolians and (oftentimes) the Armenians in the greater cultural sphere
We also have all of those, except the throwing-ham-sausage-thing
Indian/Pakistani food is not that uncommon
So we should send a politition to germany again
> Sneakers
Had kind of a renaissance due to the influence of Turkish notions of honour though
Don't worry the cent coins would be stamped with Camillas face
1913: Alternate timeline in which some guy in a hoodie kills hitler, stalin, tito, trotsky and freud
Interestingly for me it's somewhat easy to follow my Dutch friends talking, probably because I found out for myself that Austrian German and Dutch have some pretty close pronunciation patterns and similar words
Steirisch neues Wort:
Can't tell
Don't confuse today's "nation" with what they understood as "nation" in 962, 1600, or 1850
No, this result includes a projection of postal votes
This is pretty much just pronunciation, which in german tends not to match spelling
In former eastern block countries you used to be able to get by with German and Russian but with younger people it's just English
Also, they produce their wafers in both countries, namely in South Tyrol (Alto Adige) and East Tyrol
I’d go with the word by word translation and call it Eastempire
> Particularly why does this sub think that a complete lack of belief is the best thing ever and many (not all) commentators shame religion
just make it have good actors, and let there be some good guys (mostly in Parliament) as well
Yea
Luther was an anti-judaist not an anti-semite
Then I flew to Rome, walked out the airport and realised not once did I have to get out the passport
(guy in his 30s for reference)
The old ÖVP was right
Although I think that you know that and are being deliberately disingenuous.
Generally without problems you can always keep any citizenship that you carry since birth.
"Oh noes we were the first victims we didn't do anything".
EDIT : I did a bit of digging and the only one I could find was The living daylights
There can't be another 8 years of gutting the middle class like there would be under Clinton.
Luxemburg = money
Probably it's because i'm far older than the average Austrian redditor and as such see combining massive amounts of sugar, fat and meat of questionable source more as a major health risk than a good idea to put in your mouth
I love to see how people get better the drunker they are
I wouldn't want to try to make it about "status".
>Hereitkuchen
] AFAIK that wasn't a secret vote either
People who don't greet back are usually either foreigners (they are kind of excused bc of language, except for Germans ofc), or from Vienna
Depends how old you are
Not in Vienna atleast
a super boring ballad
The Irish question affects the whole of the EU though
To this day, there's a Croatian minority (and also a Hungarian one) in this area
Just for fun
I can agree with that
^^*voted ^^unanimously ^^against ^^except ^^one ^^representative, ^^who ^^abstained
So at least in my last job I'd hit 500€ a month easily, and that's without going out for fancy dinners
Ah, nice to know
I saw your post after I finished typing mine
Yeah, wind turbines seem to be a much better investment there.
Here, the only true filling is apricot jam
A growth rate lower than inflation means stalling incomes.
My point was rather that he was not some down on his luck chap conscripted into the Wehrmacht who just happened to end up in a war zone.
Akropolis in Athens, Kathedral in Cologne, Tower Bridge in London, Collosseum in Rome, Red Square in Moscow, Notre Dame in Paris and Castle Hohensalzburg in Salzburg
I'm not sure if that is your question, but if a non-european would ask me how to experience Europe best, I would recommend not doing 8 cities in 14 days, but pick one single country and spend time there in both a major city and rural areas.
Can you tell the different accents of Germany apart?
Primary and middle schools will still be open, just not in class
Ö1 made a voters survey several years ago and checking how well perceived Orban really is
But that's not them turning to authoritarian policies
Well, I guess that's somewhat up to how you personally define it, but socialism has a fixed definition with not that much wiggle room
An Austrian who doesn‘t like skiing or hiking
Fair point
Came here to post that
Other than that I don't think I've ever seen one
There were around 30
If I were from Germany I would have said Coldmirror as well, glad to see that people still love her videos
The actual first shot of the war
Just be careful if you try to compare answers from different points in time
Dude, Le Pont du Gard is absolutely breathtaking
Proleten are mainly low class city ppl though, not country ppl like rednecks
My gf's sister studied medicine entirely in Basque
I would love to visit Sarajevo this year.
Well, right now your country is all over our news due your president claiming us to be of the Ewok race, but also with exploding trees
-10° seems ok-cold to me, everything below isn‘t really for me
Turbobier - awesome punk band
The tourists are often only the house of Mozarts birth, but there‘s also the rest of the city which is soooo beautiful
Nobody wanted a full-blown war, so the rebels decided to hand back control to the previously overthrow government
If you buy stocks it doesn't really matter which currency you use for buying - in contrast to bonds the value of a stock is not bound to the value of a single currency.
The situation is a bit more complex and way deeper than I can possibly describe in a short comment and I'm sure it is "jammern auf hohem Niveau" in comparison to what other countries do, but by no means is Austria perfect and pure
OP probably thinks every Zeltfest is an "Oktoberfest"
It has a dip in it, sort of like a half-circle curving inwards
but it seems more like a bit of a fluff piece for them to do instead of probably working on more important yet more difficult tasks.
It's true that "richi" can also come from "realm" (as in "Herrschaftsbereich"), but it's not necessarily so and still doesn't clarify which one, though it meaning Bavaria is probably the most obvious/likely
This is all just personal experience from discussing this with Germans
They published well knwon games like Gothic, Spellforce and Inustry Giant
["Das Fest des Huhnes" ("the feast of the chicken")] is a very good analysis of Austrian habits, especially for rural regions
Also, we'd been talking for a while, so the conversation went there quite naturally
Only in long distance trains, not in regional ones
North America
You are arguing a point that I have never made.
Cuddling
I cannot
There is a train from Vienna to Salzburg.
It's not like getting either was a realistic prospect "Hey Serbia, can we bomb you?" "Hey Russia, can we bomb your ally?"
Afaik it didn't much affect him in the rest of his life
YXCVBNM
Cari Cari - they make awesome rock music
I'm gonna try to translate the last 5 posts from his instagram page
Äiya Ëarendil Elénion Äncalima
Not exactly an invention, but I recently saw on German TV that a guy developed a formula to calculate the "degree of beauty" of a landscape/scenery.
There are the best Soviet supermarket jokes though.
Going to school with a bunch of 15/16 year olds is really nice, because they understand the situation and comply
**Basque** people in particular are a bit weird
Belarus and Russia
and banks take too long to get you the money and it's just too complicated
shoes on inside anyone else's house
A "Grubenhund"(mine dog) is a letter to the editor written to troll newspapers into publishing nonsense
I recently learned at my University that you can see on the thickness of the guidlinebook (or whatever it is called,basically the book that tells journalists what they can do or else they get jail time) how free the press and freedom of speech in that country is
The HRE didn't yet exist at the time
What I don't like in constitutions (and legal texts in general) is that festive language that you can find for example in Germany's constitution
The Austrian plates are the ONLY standardized EU-Plates, that aren't the actual standard size
Known as „Habsburger Heiratspolitik“. Their motto was „war may do the others - you, oh lucky Austria, marry
Georgian–Armenian War, Hungarian–Czechoslovak War, Polish–Ukrainian War, Armenian–Azerbaijani War,  Franco-Turkish War, Lithuanian/Latvian/Estonian War of Independence, Hungarian–Romanian War, Italo-Yugoslav War, Polish–Soviet War,  Irish War of Independence, Greco-Turkish War, Polish–Lithuanian War
will people just give up on them
When I did Erasmus and met on a weekday with my group of friends from all kinds of European countries, I realized how more alcohol I usually consumed than anybody else
(sorry, only found a German link)
But they didn't completely
It's a German beer sort as much as it's Czech
Wenn Fliegen hinter Fliegen fliegen, fliegen Fliegen Fliegen nach
We are a neutral country and therefore contribute to negotiations especially in the Balkans
Also it seems like Germans are suckers for Austrian dialects or are at leats really interested in them
We use a lot of poppyseed in traditional dishes
their shitty "boats" fall apart
During the government crisis in May people joked that our president's true love is our Constitution because he couldn't stop praising it's "elegance".
[Hulapalu]
Like, the tongue has to move from the very front to the very back of the mouth in an instant
They have the Steyr AUG A3 in 5,56×45 NATO
However if you live here it's expected and essential for you to learn the language.
I backed Kingdom Come Deliverance eagerly since day one
Drei Eier im Glas (2015 film) and Contact High (2009 film) sort of fit as well although these ones definitely focuses on the absurd much more
Steirisch neues Wort:
Hungary (organizationally the most important part of the empire except Austria)
I mean if you don't count semi-detached houses as houses then you're right
Ah, yeah the regional nothing could also be true about Brezina, probably more well known in Vienna
That is not a nationality according to todays understanding though.
By plane: You land, grab your luggage, and leave
It's a must
Or local politics with our neighbors
Vasto	FI
more like 1 m; the Eurasian Plate moves 1 cm per year
(Edit: A famous thought experiment about comparative advantage came from this when the famous economist David Ricardo used the example of Portuguese wine and English cloth to advocate for free trade
I sound a bit slow when I speak standard german
I wonder if it comes originally from croatia
-> the first to settle here were also Celts
it's a brand made by ferrero specifically for the german-speaking market, and after being successful, exported it to other markets
Not sure from where you are but your flag looks like the russian one.
No, its not
He is the only recorded person to go into a concentration camp voluntarily and make it out alive
*Maybe* I still have some pity for content-based websites, but online stores
except for the viking part, but we can change
Attacking someone's religion isn't equivalent to attacking someone's persona
well trash
true, trump winning and destroying the usa
[Melissa Naschenweng] is a close second imo, just (thankfully) less well known
I had [this] in mind, but you're probably right
Switzerland: oh that would be great for us but bad for Swiss people :0
Around noon the restaurants began to fill up
Yes it's clean energy, but we do not live in a competent enough world to utilize it
It sure does, and because it doesn't say Austria, we Austrians are here to tell you that it's a Tradition in Austria as well.
ah don't sell yourself short, you have great places to go skiing
"Head Coutoure"
There are a lot of things that I do miss about America and American life, but when I look at everything, for me and my family, it is better here
Well, the [Europatastatur] implementation at least
Similar with historical trauma
What counts as "being able to cook"? Like ... what level are we talking about
But as a matter of fact, I would say that since we used to rule that much of Europe, the whole continent is somehow important historically (not only the regions we used to rule, but also those who were our rivals and enemies during these times)
Even the right-wing party wouldn't go as far a calling Hitler in any way a positive figure.
since people would probably recognize your accent anyway, as long as you don't speak 100% in cockney to everybody and expect them to understand what you say, you'd be fine
All the other stuff is just man made bs
Further to this Austria has developed some of the best conservation hunting techniques in relation to deer/etc..
Modern day Greece on the other hand and the modern definition of greekness is mostly a result of the making of modern Greece after the revolution and the age of nationalism
Also (correct translation: auch)
Lets say it like this: if you look at culture a nation made out of austria, bavaria, czechia and maybe even slovenia would make more sense then germany
I would say the changing of the B-VG for joining the EU would be considered a change of the "heart piece" as it was a so called "Gesamtänderung der Verfassung" in 1994 and therfore needed a referendum
That's just legit, but I forgeve them as most of them were nice people.
So far, we had snow twice this year, maybe 1-2 cm and all gone the next day
it's honestly just because of sch, which is ʃ
Vana | Grüne | 136 | contra
( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
My top pick would be Oberwart
But its not and this is why we need to create more awareness
lol
But then again, we had different stuff at every event and I was never allowed to taste beforehand, so if anybody had any questions I'd usually make up some bullshit (for those who obviously had no clue and wanted to show off in front of their peers) or sent my manager to talk to them (for those who obviously knew a lot more about wine than I did)
The EU would be stupid not to be in favour seeing as Scotland is pro eu
000 is quite the Standard prize for a 120m² House
To summarize the summary: anyone who is capable of getting themselves made President should on no account be allowed to do the job
Skype *hust*, something like this would even help them with publicity.
There are some stations that are nicer than others but by and large they're normal.
Buschenschänke/Heurige were not invented for hikers though, those just started frequenting them because they were typically alongside their routes, and serving good portions for the money
Usually called "Naturschnitzel". The unbreaded ones usually have a sauce
Desinfiszier dich mal, das ist hier seid Jahren Standart
Glorifying it is very taboo, and in certain cases also illegal
My mom left Poland about 23 years ago too, because she needed a job
It got to a point where emperor Josef II waa pushed off his horse
But that barely ever happens does it
The multi-ethnic Habsburg empire was stylized as the #1 bad guy in Europe while overseas millions of non-Europeans were indiscrimitely slaughtered and enslaved
Starting in 1930 the Greeks began small revolts against the British who were still holding on to the island, however they were mostly unsuccessful
It loses so much of its charme
No, it did not
The land around it crumbled and therefore it fell out of proportion
I trust my medical care too, more than the avarage American doctor , but I think the better pay and bigger research budget attracts top notch personal and more cutting-edge technology, but I guess I couldn't afford it anyway if I would living there
I have endless amounts of fun encounters with (mostly) Americans
Yeah it was the whole "yeah just stop talking about the past" which this party still employs when their crimes from a few years ago come up so
Oh, no wait
In the meanwhile, Tesla's solar roofs look promising.
We even accidentally fought our own men during war agains the ottomans
I stopped writing my capital X's like in the example above sometime in fourth grade I think (I mean just *look* at them
I would consider Switzerland a Western European country
Right
There are also more Italian influences in Austrian German than in Standard German like Karfiol (ital
This really looks like townscaper (game) in real life
My mom loves the stuff, tho we're natives and just happen to use it
And leave out the hubris about it being undemocratic, I know how parliament is being elected.
The government crisis after the Ibiza-Affair showed quite well why having a president besides the government is important
Because your questions sound like you believe that the monarchs still hold power, that they could be relieved from.
what I do admire though, is their low level of racism even though they are all by „themselves“ up there, correct me if i’m wrong
Every time I read this tired, overused, and just flat out wrong and revisionist joke on reddit I almost get an aneurysm
"Haberer" by the way, an east austrian / viennese slang word for friend, like "dude" or "buddy".
Russia would also work
They only *really* let it out at home in the Keller where nobody can see or hear it
Eh, at least it's a great backdrop for [reverse graffiti]
But yeah northern Italy is basically on the same level western Germany and Austria are it's the south that's dragging you down.
All of them
reverse TIL, the notion that somebody would find that "racist" really surprised me
"Yes, das geht sich aus
So was Turkish Occupation of Balkans, Mongol invasion of Europe, Arab invasion of byzantine, Tatar slave trade that took around 2 million Europeans
The only thing we're not joking about is sauce on schnitzel
Austrians can definitely go crazy about skiing
), nowadays used with the meaning of "Czech Republic".
Of course Mossad/George Soros/(((the Jews)))
And I have to adapt to the German vocabulary when I‘m in Germany too, because they barely know certain words or have never heard of them
Fazil, pedo no lo tengo zertifikau
That would be many hundreds of thousands
The word „Schorle“ doesn‘t exist here, at all
I only know Kent from Assassin's Creed Valhalla, it was pronounced Cænt the time the game takes place
well
From my pov, if we delete disparities, the world would stop existing after a few hundred years
One of his successors, [Leopold III] made **Klosterneuburg**, the older part of Neuburg (one of the dual cities of [Klosterneuburg] and Korneuburg that had developed by slowly evading the flood-prone plains along the Danube) one of his residences from 1108 onward
The NYT calculator is a good tool if you fill in appropriate numbers.
No Wonder Finland, Norway, Estonia and Greece have it
I used to live in a student dorm with lots of international students with a shared kitchen (shared between 15 people or so), and a disgusting microwave that no one ever cleaned and thus often became moldy inside and everybody always complained about it
Mozart is pretty popular, idk if you coun't that as hero
I get that they don't want political stuff on their stream
If they didn't fly to Austia to vote in person, their vote isn't even counted yet - postal ballots must stay closed and uncounted until tomorrow
Also many people in eastern Europe have German as their second language
By location, I tried recently and I got like 10-15
Speaking for Austria and having been an exchange student in High School in the US:
The artists we're sending are normally widely discussed on tv/radio beforehand, even though they're typically unknown before the contest.
Back in the day, were society was way more rigid it was nearly impossible to go "from rags to riches" or even to attend university as a normal person.
Yeah but your first post implies somewhat that only they can't do it or will do it:
...imagine all those sun burned necks and foreheads
But THE oktoberfest is a lasting experience i wouldnt miss
Still not sure wether or not Floridas capital is Miami
But with the EU it's all history anyway, or at least should be
Noted and same
How radical-right faux-pas in our right-wing party FPÖ are just one "isolated case" after the other
Kommt drauf an aus welcher Sicht :)
USSR should have invested into movies
During the cold war it was kinda cool to have someone to have your back and afterwards starting with Clinton there was a lot of diplomatic capital that got burned
Then, we suddenly were in a tunnel, in our military vehicle, in full gear, rifle in hand INLCUDING BLANKS
Don't overreact O.o (Ps
I think Gmünd is split between Austria and Czechia
Google uploaded some cities last year in Austria
[President Macron just made a tweet expressing solidarity with Austria
Weird then;)
For a start: in a democratic country, the government works for the people
> The army of Austria, approximately 100,000 strong, was setting up camp around the town
Why does it all look so much nicer there?
I work in a hotel near the place you stayed and there are far worse roads but people keep complaining about how iMpOsSiBle it is to get here lol
While the dialect in Innsbruck is slowly 'dying out' due to the fact that a huge portion of our inhabitants are students and most of them from Germany.
It means "not everything Hitler did was good" and is making fun of the saying "not everything Hitler did was bad". It's not something I'd say to my boss, a stranger, or my girlfriend's family, but among my friends and my family it always gets a laugh
And why should be Apple be allowed to pay (lower) taxes in the US for income generated i the EU?
Granted, they where hitchhiking in the Danube valley but you could even see the first alpine mountains from there
There is a third meaning that is implied as well
Only if we include the Netherlands as well.
> and we don't even use that one much
It's one of the few feats I think is genuinelly good about us
Were in austria was this
A Jeep with a Canadian license plate spotted in Slovenia
I'd say lorry, flat, to let/for rent interchangeably
there is enough food waste in the culinary world as it is
["Das Fest des Huhnes" ("the feast of the chicken")] is a very good analysis of Austrian habits, especially for rural regions
well, he didn't said wrong, only different
they will just turn their heads eastwards
He apparently believed those were all just kept for decoration
~1-2 minutes walking to university (essentially I have to cross a rather big intersection
Lentia was in fact devastated several times by invading Germanic tribes
Luckily we have Germany as big neighbor with the same language so we can leech their stuff
But you wouldn't have to pay VAT anymore so it should equal out.
Wankham in Austria
But on the other hand the average salary in Bratislava is already on par with the Austria average and higher than in the rural areas nearby
At least from what I expirienced, you just go over the border, adapt to the language or switch to english and youre right at home
I mean it hurts no one and it makes a few people's day brighter.
Denying adopton rights is denying the kids the right to have a family.
It was probably asked in the aftermath of the vote, too!
>I don't understand how kebabs and baklava somehow became the face of Turkish cuisine
This shit is killing us at the moment
My family and I were visiting the Harry Potter studios near London and we wanted to take a picture in front of it so my dad went up up to a woman and asked her if she could take a picture for us
So his employers are happy with him actively working to destablise other countries economies?
After the loss of Skane every external war Denmark participated was a loss or a costly stalemate, which is all the worse because Denmark often was the attacker in these situations
(Standard German word is 'Blumenkohl')
Although city employees are decently paid AFAIK
For a moment I thought this was a dig at Swiss German, then I remembered
It‘s a very beautiful city for skiing holiday and around here also very popular for that exact reason
SILENCE GERMAN, don’t touch our precious Mozart
* Some stuff that was important at the time
Quite interesting that brits heard of Austria but 2% never heard of Germany
Since czechia and slovenia were part of austria and even before that part of the hre and controlled by mostly german nobels for most of history they picked up a lot of germanic culture
If online content weren't an issue of concern to authorities, they would just stick to the other things he did.
While "Guten Tag" literally translates to "Good Day", "Grüß Gott" literally translates to "Greet God" (however the real meaning would be more like "May god greet you").
Also they never went to a shopping mall which was odd for me
I would say my street is really really close
I guess thos related to our politicans are unique.
I never once had the thought 'wow, that Asian guy is difficult to understand', they speak the same way somebody from Petersburg does
What a sl*t, showing her naked hands like that.
Are you talking about accents or dialects
Yeah, the old Schilling ones were OK
Also the EuObserver for EU affairs.
A guy that's dead for over a decade
But after that most people change their handwriting to their liking and comfortability
We're third or fourth highest in per capita of applications taken and refugees accepted in the EU.
Wait
Businesses don't really care as other countries show that business only gets spread out to 7 days and there is not more money to be made.
He was released on 5th December
What makes you think that countries/regions that "a solo travler of any gender" or "any traveler" should avoid don't apply as valid answers here?
Locals as in not the staff at the hotels, they're often paid to recommend certain restaurants
Ever since, I had two other awful teachers so I learned all the stuff through social media, watching interviews of my favorite celebrities,.. What helped me is not only reading and hearing but also writing and speaking it
Luckily nothing really (except some people in the government wanting to make a tracking app for Corona mandatory, but they seemingly changed their minds on it now), but I think with another FPÖ-ÖVP Government this would probably different
He is not allowed to vote but also doesn’t have to spend 6 months in the Army like other male citizens
I still remember sitting in front of the TV with my Grandma, watching videos on the News of entire Helicopter squads flying over that border, on the ground tank divisions coming right at the camera
Could you maybe elaborate a bit more and provide a few sources?
The Greeks had wanted to rejoin Greece and the Turkish had wanted to split the island into Greece and Turkey
The senate didn't like this degradation for understandable reasons and murdered him.
Unless you are walking in a remote area (like old railway tracks, disused factories) you won’t encounter any
You have to understand the difference between culture and history
Please don’t be so hostile, it’s nothing against you personally I just don’t like the taste of craft beer
i'm from vienna myself so wherever we meet up in this beautiful city, i'm ok with it.
Must be in the bag
And the biggest problem in my opinion is that Africa is often seen as one country, one culture, which has been stated several times by other people in the comments
Or, "Griass Enk"
they produced the same amount as the drank
It’s not really a thing people talk a lot about
Nah, king gave it away, she didn't steal it
Nobody really cares about it
Germans usually like Austrians, Austrians generally dislike Germans
What would be the critical parts?
It was at the supermarket and these just-turned-teenagers spoke more with a German German dialect than Austrian German
However, Van der Bellen only won by
thank mr skeltal
And he still got a majority in one of the more EU-sceptic nations
At first I read country and thought of something like Hubert von Goisern's [Heast as net]
Things like Oil, moose, an old, not really livable house or smth and other stuff are kinda weird to pronounce for people who only know German (/Standard german)
Such a level of brainwashing has rarely been reached
I think most will start drinking at 15 or 16
Pölten
Riding a bike in heavy traffic is dangerous
no thousand separators because they might mess things up and points for decimal
A single horn can be worth a LOT.
Mit der dritten Regel wird der Umlaut ü durch eine Kombination zweier Vokale ersetzt
The pronoun, in this case ei/ele oleiau, is (like in Italian) optional and mainly used when you need to avoid a confusion in the sentence
Many small springs don't need/have constant desinfection
The involvement in the war itself is universally seen as bad though, there's no real argument about that
O tempora, o mores
Basically, the 19-year-old monarch Franz Joseph had it personally commissioned, so he could bombard his own people in case they became "unruly" again
Maybe this has also something to do with the historical connection between Styria, Carinthia and Northern Slovenia
And how will that work in practice?
We are Team Catholic since the release and we still have tons of folklore including the mentioned "Wasserman".
Note: idiotic and/or corrupt politicians are an international cancer
One third of our forested lands are protected
Throw it in the pool
Used to work as a receptionist at a hotel
Do you draw a line for types of fish too or do you est fish at all or
I've been all over Croatia but mostly around Split and Zadar and kinda looking forward to visiting Dubrovnik one day.
~~ Italians apparently
was about to write a suder-answer about how everyone here is sudering all day long and that it's not even debatable, when I realised your comment was meant as a joke, and I perfectly fit into the Austrian stereotype lol
And if you don't like outdoor sports you are most likely to be the background friend because everybody does outdoor sports here
You're allowed to wear Speedos in Finland
And I also disagree about dinner always being cold
It used to be part of the ministry of education.
Lacking this line, the whole net was instable and threatened to overload into Poland snd the Czech republic and might have caused a EU wide blackout
The saying in Tyrol is that everything east of Tyrol is the Balkan
Sorry
Too sad not really any country recognises that
Then again, that could be a local story
That's a solution from decades ago and only in a few cities (Salzburg and linz afair).
Was never really on the sea, only on adriatic ferries between the Croatian islands.
the feeling of public safety is not necessarily the same as a crime statistic.
Good on them, i think many people here don't even know it's not actual medicine.
But when learning a language you want to avoid sounding like you're reading from a book
It's kind of a love-hate-relationship
Marc Aurel actually came here
I‘m really not sure tho
Literally any Austrian city or town would be more different
But nevertheless, I hope you had a pleasant experience in both my country and my federal state, despite our (sometimes very) weird dialect
Speaking for Austria: No, not at all.
Managed to pull off another stinker
I think I saw something about that on Vice once
We get it you won now shut up
For beer we use the Seidl and Krügerl
Even on that it's an atrocity, what did that poor pig ever do to you to deserve that
> The UK has a constitution
Grzegorz Brzęczyszczykiewicz, along with his wife, a Constantinopolitan woman, sells tables with broken legs
Personal: Cats
In the US it depends a lot on how you actually handle your credit cards.
Inner Anatolia was always more conservative
Yeah, you're right, that could happen, altough it's harder to get that repetitive feel if all you buildings are covered in stuck in oppose to the "normal" flat 70ies buildings
A friend of mine and I both started Spanish on Duolingo at the same time
I'm slovak and i don't understand shit in polish :D I'm fluent in Czech thought but that's probably because we were still a single country when i was a kid and we didn't really have any slovak tv channels for some time, only Czech
I lived in london for a few months
Generally we often read stuff that was for school purposes very ... unconventional
I live in the Wachau and there are lots of bike routes for getting around without having to drive on car streets
Just admired the same shot from the hotel on IG adlersparesorts :D But yours is better
Believe us, if we say that we are not Germans, we mean that, and we know the history behind it
I love all of those words ngl
Sure you do, that's why people have a passport usually
I have rarely met anyone in Austria who hasn't had at least average cooking skills
But in the end I agree with you
1 per 100
The Soviet soldiers occupied the school in the village so there was no school for a while, but then again school hadn‘t regularly been in session for a bit I guess
But usually that isn't how these discussions go.
In Austria:
Vienna was the defacto center of German culture for centuries.
Ischgl
If you are in Switzerland try the "Tatarenhut"
we sometime speak of them and mess with them
But newer high-speed lines have already been built in standard gauge
soy to summarize:
What was the outcome
We have very weird dialects
Funny thing about the president, he is quite powerful, but has never used it, for obvious reasons.
Actually pretty centristic
Explain this link you posted please
Thankfully there are quite some more aspects of his eight-year presidency he's worth being remembered for
Hallo mein Freund
They sold the people a pipe dream then high tailed it out when it came to the crunch.
Vindobona was a Roman city where Vienna is now
No worries
Americans can be lucky, that they don't bring the good, cheap European cars to the US
As an Austrian, I tend to say: "Mehlspeisen". So baked sweets like cakes and stuff
You're right, we should just let him study art already
Genau das Gegenteil ist der Fall ;)
When you have mainly water instead of roads, you naturally will use boats that are analogous in their function to various cars.
haha
Also, within the next 2 years EU companies that are affected directly will just move abroad and new ones won't pop up in their place because why would they
Or T-shirts with political messages written in Basque (e.g. Altsasukoak aske)
- pickles (essiggurkerl, bevorzugt scharfe) (just make sure to drain the liquid with kitchenpaper before you put them in)
But it was also an Austrian Motto, I think at a different time though
And people look forward to that time of the year, it's considered the 5th season of the year
However they are often used for the voluntary firebrigade and have 2 other uses
porches are rare, if packages are left on terraces or the like they're normally not visible from the street
I speak an austro-bavarian dialect, but I like every dialect more than standard German
> Mykonos kind of, due to most tourists being mindless party goers
Well, for some people you move their destination is literally the final station
I was just surprised that nobody was critical of his plans - normally there are people here pointing out risky investments pretty quickly.
well he's a jew, so duh
Not everybody, of course
In general i like it pretty much, except for the climate
i wonder if he told several of these folks he was taking pictures some are very candid, some not so much
For all who live in vienna, there is a DM store (DrogerieMarkt - Drug Store), who has refill machine:
they basically blamed it all on Nazi-Germany and convinced the allies that Austria was a victim in the war (which is absolutely not true) and that and neutrality is what got Austria its freedom
I won't burst his bubble by telling him that Seiko is actually Japanese
like the dutc
In Leoben a young woman was raped, a tiny little city.
And they didn't even show it to a native speaker.
Maybe Germans, but Croatia is hugely popular with Austrians.
In my country you have to be seriously weird, old or super religious to go to church at sundays so I just can't relate
They have a lot of differences but they still work rather well together
It's necessary to keep the neutral status
Nope
"Schnittpunkt"
Imho that was weird but some names sound funny at the first time but they didn't translated it literally and sometimes it sounded really like a medieval German place and sometimes odd
Which would require a huge amount of people for the length of the US border.
I remember in india in the mountains before blind curves, they had road signs telling you to honk
&#x200B;
Thanks
The Oranjes always were a good competition team, Austria had its last good showing in 1954 and its last semi decent one in 1978
I personally fly the flag on 8th and 9th May
**James Bond** IS European, let's not forget it.
Like going to the ticket counter saying 'Guten Tag
Austria
That was my first association too.
Which is why you move the glass to a more vertical angle once you get towards the end
Yes, we have a contract with the holy see that guarantees it
Pavia	IT
I dont get what you want to say
Most of them are really catchy tunes
Austria has several official languages
Mozart was born in the Independent Bishopric of Salzburg
:D no, I married a way creepier guy
All I can say in that topic is that the EU is one large part of the reason South Tyrol is basically a non topic in Austria.
> Today it's used as a quite successful festival venue, so not a completely failed project
Thomas Klestil 1932, Vienna
I dont know about tge rest of the Netherlands
Yeah, I mean why not
If people ask me if I am religious and my answer is no, they immediatly want me to clarify if I just don't believe in the church or generally in no god
Pretty fitting, if you ask me
Sorry
Sometimes they treat us to some episodes of The King of Queens or The Nanny
I think it's his actual granddaughter who is running
That adds to him being a german
I only took the time to look at Vaamo - their offer seems to be terrible in my eyes:
Did you only speak to folks 35/40 and up
&#x200B;
ACAB, Austrian Cities Are Beautiful
edit; I guess it's not to clean the sink
The story goes that centuries ago, Germans from Transylvania crossed the mountains south to Oltenia to sell their handcraft and buy quality wine
Van der Bellen is clearly the better choice.
Northern Tirol, smaller town:
We still have those sirens
We already have our own holidays where we get into costumes and stuff
And I would throw "Rauch" into the discussion
Not a city but a federal state: Carinthia vs Kärnten threw me off at first because all the other states are fairly similar to their austrian name, except this one
No, it's from a tumblr post made about 2 months before that Vine
Yeah I remember that
The fact that it's pretty much a consensus among Americans that the USA is the greatest country on earth when it's clearly not the case
My grandfather originally learned to be a Handzuginstrumentenmacher, which was/is the profession of people who build accordions, bandoneons, harmonica and melodicas
We have a larger spectrum, our conservative, center right wing party is the ÖVP which I guess is more in line with your believes
Their Phones are powered by #HoheEnergie.
I'd like to hear some more people's experience with alemannic
It is treason then
Some states have cards that contain the date you become 21 , so bouncers don't have to calculate your age
Yeah it is not the pay to that clerk to get a permit or to that one to process your paperwork in time corruption
Personally I wouldn’t tell
The entire province eventually became part of the British zone and for the most part people were relieved that it was British and not Soviet anymore
For example, here are the USD fund and the EUR fund, both converted to EUR:
YXCVBNM
" (A rather regional expression i guess)
US is more free with regards to marijuana and alcohol, what you are allowed to say in commercials, who you are allowed to target commercials to (children), what you are allowed to put in groceries, sex work and porn, in what conditions you are allowed to breed farm animals, how you are allowed to slaughter animals, and obviously gun laws.
Completely different from pub culture
But that's true for any language
That we were the first victim of Nazi Germany
i guess 'retired-ish' is still correct
(still gets very slippery)
Don't believe the propaganda
Gyros fucks were given
Don't know why i connected "gut, Werner" to Faymann then, my bad.
(Welsch-Bern is old German name for Verona)
Germany should be part of Austria then, not the other way around
Dollars are single bills
The Austrian logos happened because every minister wants to brand the ministry and improve his or her name recognizition.
It started as a Christian thing then it became a worker rights things.
Good
Thank you for these clarifications
Merde
Accents don't even exist in German, but I can write È easier than that
The greeting once you reach the summit is "Berg Heil" ("Moutain Hail"), which signifies that you have achieved your goal and now can eat your bread and cheese and chocolate, and maybe have a sip of Schnaps, while enjoying the view and the silence
I've always wondered if it's also so extreme in other language as in German, as it's differ very from Germany, Swiss and Austria, but also on national level.
Well in German language (I live in Austria and I don’t really know how it is in Germany) it is extreme
My ex gf definitely didn´t know the word "Jänner" for "Januar" and asked me about it
It's a marsch/volkslied played basicly everywhere where marsch and volkslieder are played
Very weird thread
He isn't entirely uncontroversial (to say the least).
Congrats and good luck
Yep
None of the major parties is pressing for legalisation, though.
No, we're going crazy about Alpine Skiing, which in its modern form was invented in Austria
I've been to Rome, Barcelona, Paris, London, NYC ... several times
In Austria, we just call it "Tschechien" anyway, although some also call it "Tschechei", so I think it wouldn't be that bad
Heck I know a guy who does that through winter
You can still make money with a share if the company isn't paying out a dividend or buying back its own shares
Even in Iceland they keep their swimsuits on in the Sauna
They absolutely should do that.
That would be very nice
A cold war era Vienna would be really cool, for example
> La vaca, en el cas de la hembra; o toro, en el cas del mascle (Bos primigenius taurus), és un mamífer artiodàctil de la família dels bóvidos
And don’t say that I’m gullible to believe that
Nothing annoys me more than people getting into heated discussions about pizza toppings
You still haven’t answered my question :
It's also the German word for distilled liquor
nah, Flak towers are awesome in a brutalist kind of way
It's also the milder French cheeses that are sold around here
From scraps and crumbs left over
I Always wonder which of the Sn and Zn is Zink and Zinn (tin)
Ex: „The store closes at 6pm, das geht sich jetzt nicht mehr aus“ or „das geht sich noch aus“.
I never once had the thought 'wow, that Asian guy is difficult to understand', they speak the same way somebody from Petersburg does
So very different from people like Oettinger and the Agriculture guy, I guess that's why shit like the Monsanto story still happen
This is about idioms unique to one country
You are fresh of the Uni, you know shit
At the same time Wikipedia has two pages of complicated text that contains plenty of unnecessary steps etc
Our own
Forcing 7 year olds to go to school in the afternoons is wild
However every class also had a cupboard with little square compartments the perfect size for slotting textbooks into
The major American sports leagues play the French national anthem before every game.
Damm, never knew Melk was our capital once upon a time
Lots of people use their internet providers mail, especially if they stick with the same company they started with (or it's original name) - tons of @ chello for example
There is too much transaction cost and volatility for any meaningful investment (be it shares or any property).
Never heard or read anyone claim the concentration camps were built and/or operated by the Polish people
>Fireplaces make a comeback currently, but they are just for heating one room
Laeioum
There are also gay people, lesbians, people with no interest in romantic partners and, well, straight women that are *not* competing to get a girlfriend as soon as they enter Norway
I would think that this person is having conservative or right wing political views or they bought it for an international sports tournament
That's the same as lie/lay and sit/set, isn't it
In Austria we also call potatoes "earth apples". It's Erdäpfel
How is biking viewed in your country and is their a "culture" around it?
Hofer didn't win in Austria, Wilders party came second in the Netherlands, Le Pen lost in France
Salzburg
No, it happens in pretty much all elections
However, the ORF included the postal votes in their projection
My grandmother also had to wait for her knee and feet surgery
well, I'm neither an expert at Sicilia nor at Sri Lanka, I can't answer this
Problem is while Austria and Italy did their part of digging one of the longest tunnels in the world over the last 20 years, Germany still hasn't even decided where they want to build their railway tracks that are supposed to connect us with Northern Europe
Its something special, to be sure, but not unusual
*sarcasm off*
I’m a woman who lives in Vienna
> apple that contains maggots
Just had lunch outside without a jacket since it’s 13 degrees
More like „No, but we are kinda united with most of Europe including Germany in some way
mostly because we would sell them to Hungary and Slovenia respectively
A Sandler is a homeless person, not the same as a redneck
* rat (Rat = advice)
Despite my research about high water quality in Europe, it seems that some don't trust their tap water
You're right actually, Portugal is too mediterranean.
No, it definitely would have been different
[yeah, but wow, it's already 16 years ago] maybe I should listen some "Alter Mann"
knackwurst
... too soon
Unlike Italians, the Spanish don't travel in huge groups
Yeah I guess
I‘d make them baroque and habsburgian kind of style, for obvious reasons
The war phase in Iraq lasted a bit over a month.
Not in my dialect here in Upper Austria.
[Watch this video] and tell me again that this is not a "wanna-be High German"
It is sad to see France in a state like this
And Austria was occupied by the Allies just like Germany until 1955, when they left on the condition that Austria declare itself "eternally neutral". How exactly do you think it should have been punished more
For me that would be the "Kardinalschnitte".
you misspelt "the 80s"
Vienna expat/student here
Elections can't have the shadow of a doubt.
Maybe for Vienna, but not sure about whole Austria.
Poeppoepen
should I expect any sort of prejudices due to being American?
Just in the middle of the day and back to work
In school we had several, but it was "invites only" not an open house like in the US movies.
The comments in this thread are a perfect example why this is a good change.
Since it's poultry, many consider it to be healthier than pork or beef.
It *was* a shit ton of silver after all
There is a lot less on it though
they're destroying their own communities most of the time.
That was the ruling, and only, party under fascism
one of the fucking best flags imho, colors, design, what it stands for
Now that's the worst insult I've heard in my life
You're always welcome here mate
Forts of Europe - Burg Hochosterwitz (Austria)
com and prepare to be amazed even more
Le profil du prévenu n’a sans doute pas joué en sa faveur : fiché S (un dispositif qui permet aux services de renseignement de connaître les déplacements d’individus), assigné à résidence depuis quelques mois, il avait emprunté la route des Balkans pour se rendre en Turquie en 2015, avant d’être expulsé en Grèce.
all by train, including the famous Transsibirian
Well, at least the northern part of that island seems to think different
well we technically got occupied apparently, there should have been a democratic voting, about a connection of austria and germany, but hitler couldnt wait so long, so he drove the day before the voting happened to vienna and claimed it german territory
I liked it better when Eastern Europe was Austria
chlorine in tap water
Spoiler:
And are there normally more than one muggers, if there's any "standard" way of mugging that is
When people want less globalism these guys want it more.
The wine quater, a part of the state of Lower Austria - now slowlly picking up with bike tourists
They tell them not to kick in the doors of the training buildings cause it will cause injuries to them
Lets say it like this: if you look at culture a nation made out of austria, bavaria, czechia and maybe even slovenia would make more sense then germany
Next we'll start taking about how all American beer are piss water.
Yet what force on earth is weaker than the feeble strength of one,
Much better access to special characters
the packaging in cans makes them feel like an artificially-flavored "unhealthy food". if there's sausages in them, they're the soft, canned, sad kind
I don't know what you are talking about
Also puns
As a person with a technical degree from Uni (which is what OP seems to be asking), saving 400€ per month is not much
That’s the same in every large city
r/askeuropeaboutgeorgia ?
True, but he's not 16, he's 12.
Also we're one of the paying countries rather than the receiving countries
Hungarian is ... hard
He was half Czech half German and did a lot for Czechia
best in the world
\- i ("ich") meaning "me"
I suppose planting them is banned in Euskadi
Austrian solutions to Austrian problems :>
There are 2 senators or deputies one in opposition and one from the ruling party and they are argue about what they did or did not do
If anything it's the other way around, everybody making fun of poor Berlin
*checks Wikipedia *
No, people already aren't allowed to hide their faces with masks or any other object in public places like banks and government buildings.
Ever been to Munich in the last decades lol
Thanks for all the trade
We had such things mandated in such a detailed manner up to maybe half or end of Middle School (= 6th-8th grade), most of the time you could have any color you want though
Also 69th comment
I wouldn't exactly say culture
It's very popular to light your own fireworks, both in the cities and in the countryside.
But in a case like Germany, where courts ended the old regulation, and the legislative hasn't put a new one into law, it reintroduces the very old principle that courts had abolished
Good Point my dear third world fascist <3
> The problem is if the city is built with cars
Damn immigrants ^/s
>The most iconic would be, in my opinion, the guy who travels around and eats stuff, Jumbo Schreiner
I guess we'll also see that later this year, when you get to elect a new parliament.
There's also Schwindelzettel
love the Böhmerwald region
Im sweden, slovenia, croatia and albania combined
So we have either 18 or 31 nobel prizes as a country
On a serious note: I think my generation who hasn´t been in war with any other nation is aware of our history and knows about our historic responsibility
- an older apartment that may need some work, 3 bedroom, 90-110m2
Someone to hear their prayers, someone who cares
No, and to be honest I barely like any English accent
Let's see how the Brexit unfolds
It's not that bad as you are taken good care Off in the basic insurance, but still there is the posibillity to Cut waiting time for non life threatening issues when you go to a doctor the working men could not afford
Duke leopold came back from war and his white coat was drenched in the opponents blood, meaning he succeeded
We only use 2 verbs in the Präteritum: sein (to be) and wollen (to want).
If it doesn't make money for big business, ÖVP don't care
We have a military, not US level but a military that can project some power in our neighbourhood, we are being attacked by criminals, lets make sure they can't attack us anymore.
I even read a study which also mentioned a 80-90 year old man who eats 25 eggs daily for most of his life and his cholesterol was normal
If you slap enough money on it, everything can be made the best
There was a evacuation of a districr in my city some years ago for a smaller bomb they couldn't defuse and had to safely detonated at it's finding place.
I like the top comment in this thread by the danish guy, that it's just a neutral statement that is used by everyone and not just right-wingers
And yes
A slovene person in this thread explained that it is in fact still not called marriage but something like civil partnership.
Edit 2: Universities that teach in english are extremely common tho
You're always welcome here mate
Found on our [flag] too
>And Americans aren't the only ones using that terminology
*Something* awful along the same lines would have happened in 20th century Europe
There is a real danger that should he get into office, he would be confronted with foreign politicans and diplomats with different points of view
even in public places and offices
Austrian and German TV show 2 games every week - the 1pm and the 4pm EST one.
ich is I in English
But then again I don't really feel close to the Alpine Austrians either)
The German wikipedia has been the second most comprehensive after the English one for quite a while (don't know if this is still the case tho), so I used whichever happens to have the more detailed article
And a short info if you are out of the loop: [Blog-Post about Article 13]
I have never heard the Slovenian name for Trieste, but it seems fitting that you just took all the vowels, removed them and called it a day
i think people from the future will appreciate how nice it would be to be invisible again.
The house I currently live in has a Parterre (ground floor, there's two shops there), Hochparterre (slightly higher ground floor, you walk up about half a level to get to the first flats), a Mezzanin (normal height, more flats) and only then there's the first floor, which I live on
*believing official numbers from China*
I don't know where you get this
In Austria, we will usually switch to standard-German
You know
He's often called "second Schindler", rightfully in my opinion
Kristoffersen is a huge talent and still so young.
Hm, can't think of anything
Didn't know it came from a Swiss city
>With older brother I meant that Germany is bigger and it's economy is superior than Austria's.
Well yes but actually no, some do it some don't, but nobody really cares, so i wouldnt consider it a custom
Oh that is interesting that the sun is neutral
If Germans were smarter they would return the money from the toll via taxes on fuel.
I think Croatia looks like Sokka's boomerang
Exception: national voting rights
> Those traits sound very specific and personal and impossible to generalise over entire countries
>I'm by no means a historian, but I'm pretty sure both Romansh and Ladino developed from the spoken Latin used during the time of the Roman Empire
When I was a student, making marmelade was a really big trend among my fellow Uni peers (and is ofc still today), today making your own sausage and curing meat seems to be the latest trend with the young hip crowd
It‘s special because in summer the ice from the Hochschwab Mountains which surrounds it melts and fills the lake and it reaches it‘s maximum depth of 12m (39 ft)
Consumerism is just incidental and not really a focus depending on your family.
What do you mean by every city founded by the Roman Empire outside Italy
exactly the same here
It is not always clear cut since there is always a gradient, but i think we are very clearly in central europe, geographicly and culturally
He has the best words
No, this result includes a projection of postal votes.
They definietly are opposed to any form of nuclear energry
Then there are some insults regarding one of the names that sounds similar to "Bidet" (Bideu in romanian - the place neart the toilet where you wash your ass
Innocent people getting punched by extremist terrorists
Yes and no
Sending this to my Slovak friend, hehe.
Meanwhile, the entire camp awoke to the sound of battle; rather than waiting to see what the situation was, everyone fled
Don’t forget Africa, yugoslavia, greece and so on
When someone shows up with tanks and guns at your doorstep, you will most likely not be very successful in stopping him via waving a papersheet saying "europe has the better statistical numbers, you have no chance".
**Why was she convicted, you may ask?**
I would say that every time the US holds an election, the whole western world is watching.
Hard and weird
Valid for exchange at central bank, not as a form of payment.
So if you don't know ABC yet it's unlikely that you know these other things and first need to learn about these (and they again have links to other topics)
It is perfectly healthy and also contains important minerals
And it always depens on the person you're talking to, if it's with an austrian then it depends on the topic, if it's about anything but Ireland/Immigrants I'm Austrian, and vice versa with an Irishman
yeah, I guess Austria shares a lot of its traditional couisine with its neighbours, especially those who were part of the crownlands.
Thanks, I just read the 22nd Amendment.
A lot of their members have ties to far right organisations, for example one organisation Hofer is or was part of doesn't recognize Austria as a country and sees it as part of Germany
I apologize in advance that I‘m listing so many
I'd say Franz and Josef for Austria.
And then there’s my family who named a child born in the 2000s not Wolfgang but Wolfram
* Palfinger is one of the biggest makers of truck cranes
I knew Germany is basically Saxony in Finnish, but that is news to me
It is treason then
Austria has a quite good one:
It's the somewhat literal translation of German "würzig" ("spice" = "Gewürz"), that's why many German natives confuse the meaning
It’s this highly artificial, yet tasty soda brand, that basically has all the flavours that Fanta doesn’t over here: Grapefruit, Pear, Peach, Grape and of course Tutti Frutti
All those different cz-sounds sounded exactly the same to me.
•South America
20 days in Spain and France cost me
So after WW2, austria changed the narrative
They suck balls, but are good enough to get you up a icy/snowy road
But Metternich
If you can't get Semolina, in a pinch probably even corn meal or polenta will do
Not very extreme or anything but they need to keep their Christian voters.
>Also, I love the rocky beaches
I know it will be gramatically totally wrong, but I just thought of the sentence "near that green glass worm" and thought of it as "vers vert verre ver" :D
The rest of the text is on the same level of lyrical genius
But the finance minister invests his mother in law's money to (with some rich friends) buy that bank from a federal state to sell it to that german bank a day later kind of corruption
ps I still would love to see the pic of a stereotypical iranian :D
I just use spaces for 1000 seperators and whatever I wanr for decimals
Spielzeug - play thing - toy
Yes
> "Wat weis ick
(I’m a girl and even I own one)
Don't assume that people who aren't fake-smiling are grumpy.
Edit: Ooh
Is this really a common sentiment
Name of Pancake in various German speaking regions
I would put politico.eu up there as a high quality news outlet.
We Austrians tend to take us way too serious
com (survival), NeruxVace
Wow funnily enough my mom trimmed me to stand on both feet bc standing on one foot is unhealthy or something
It's a nice size and not heavy at all
The creditors have nothing to fall back on except the "I don't like how he spends money" argument.
Shall we try to meet next week or the week after?
Last but not least we have the part of the ÖVP which does care for workers rights, because many people inside the ÖVP value the work of their clubs very high (Volunteer Fireman, Musik Clubs, Veteran Clubs etc
**Stop doing this right now!!**
I talk with native speakers and people from other countries everyday on the internet.
I always cross this border when I hike.
" and "Prayer works".
All the way since Jan Hus
It guarantees uneven pieces and messy hands and sometimes even a cut pizza
size-wise, yeah it's a village
Last I checked you didn't sit on some pile of gold/oil and the "Russian minorities" surely won't be worth THAT much trouble, right ?
That's even more nazi-like
Yeah that can of worms has yet to be opened.
Der Bürgerkrieg und die Diktatur war eh abzusehen
Around 50k in Austria
Same in German
I was in Ireland this summer and suddenly there were news that Ireland's GDP or something had grown by an absolute insane percentage.
And if hed also dissolve the council
dafür = dafia
If you look through my posting history, you'll find some longer posts about it.
Anything involving university campuses, campus police, frat life or high school or university sports teams
It's a difficult topic for sure
"Good", "Fine, thanks" = neutral
As far as I remember in the old translation the Hobbits speak to "clean" compared to the English version but the new one sounded to modern
¯\\\_(ツ)_/¯
Now a lot of people see that justified, I personally don't. You wouldn't wanna choose between your two parents (given it's a happy family)
I have a problem
You can't use the train ticket for inner city transportation usually (but that's cheap anyways, in Austria less than 5€ for a day ticket).
Elaborate
Like someone else said: it's elvish
Reinforcing the "ignorant American" stereotype.
It's pretty decent but the community ist pretty akward
how much they bring in from tourism
Reveering the flag like Americans do would be considered creepy
[Eductational!] Earth from Space: Saint Petersburg
It is in Austria
Tell that to any junkie ...
The list is long but probably the weirdest to me are:
My mom still has one like that and it's still valid until 2033
The empire that was brought down by WW2 was not the German one but the British one.
It transferring money really such a big deal, don’t they/you all have IBAN/BIC
Vegeta is Love, Vegeta is Life
Guten Tag is a socialist thing
What we can summize from this is that we Austrians don't do the like thing very well, instead Just having several Levels of dislike xD
that smaller part which contains most people
Wels
In the rare case it happens I mostly try to get out of the situation, since most people who try to smalltalk with strangers in public are weirdos (at least in Austria).
Also the Case of the Franz Fuchs
Yeah Mischung is traditionally often given out at (traditional) festivals or traditional wine taverns we call „Buschenschank“ (which doesn‘t exist in Germany, if you are interested you can google it)
Thats why he use the tram and bus and stuff like that
Spot on in my opinion
understandable, the church haunted the poor guy there.
I personally never do that, we always either use informal shakes (like half-high five or double-shake, I don't know whats the proper word) or do a half-hug
That is something that has happened to Catholicism in particular, and to all kind of religions all over the globe, since forever
Gift (correct translation: Geschenk)
Or Turks and Kurds
Specialiced on European institutions and policy making in my studies before I vered to general public management
Stay the fuck away from the closed slopes(?) unless you want to die
In Upper Austria there's town called "Leonstein" (lit
lol
It would have been different if they would have used other arguments
so basically it’s fibercables to the building door and then it’s „screw you, we will lay copper wires to your appartement, because it’s fun“
Like banning all Nazi symbols etc
And where is this primarily worn
You might like this sub:
You know that you use German words too
probably because they couldn't.
Europeans will just think youre an ignorant jerk
Not german, but I had 2 grandfathers drafted into the german army
The best and worst thing about German Wikipedia is the high quality control
Those fees are pretty steep, but for the moment I think the potential benefit outweighs the costs.
All the best and lots of strength
Thats not unique to Germany
I just thought, sure if he insists
We have far too many dogs in the city, they poop everywhere.
"Luxury"?
Not seeing any points against the Netherlands
Three towns in Germany
It's not that different in Austria.
the change in our national anthem...
Fugging
Many of the people who need to wake up are caught in their echo chambers on facebook, or local media that white-wash everything.
disgusting
And other parts of Austria are fighting with the snow
Unlike everywhere else in Austria, where you'd speak a Bavarian dialect.
As they are the only ones with an Alemannian dialect
Matteo Renzi however will never fail to make me laugh with his english.
Our space pioneers can't be valued enough
Monthly expenses were for the train, food, and chipping in at home with costs for the household, I earned ~1300€+200€ bonus and paid about 500€, so I could save ~1000€ per month
many of those "problems" suddenly become no problem at all if you're willing to get cars out of the city and return them to what they're intended for, pedestrian- (and bike-)friendly spaces
I can tell you what the article is about but can't go into too much detail
Loads and loads of north face jackets and logo-ed polos here
This isn't that big of a deal
Above a value of 150€ you also have to pay eventual tariffs.
It's that also because of Shakira law
Oh, they don't come down the chimney, they are described as kind of flying around outside and dropping things off under the christmas tree on christmas eve, through the window I guess
Ebenso, deutsches Brüderchen
* a composter for organic waste
But yeah, most likely we were just called the eastern realm of east Francia
A simple google search yields the total amount of men in millions to be 2
its not cultural nuances between northern and southern germany, those are the nuances between germany and austria (and austrian influeced germany aka bavaria)
Bierpartei: "beer party" wants free beer for everyone and to stop people from working
This sounds completely crazy and to be honest I couldn't see this happening in my country.
I dont think so, school education is based on UK english.
Haven't been there since the birth of my daughter 3 years ago, but cancelling it *now* during Covid would feel mean
You maybe can choose between a fast train (servicing only a few stops) that might be more expensive and a slower one (stoping everywhere) - Depending on the sytem in the specific country, prices might also be the same for both.
Americans, you can stop pretending to speak French now
Still
So is this anti muslim or anti DUP
&#x200B;
And it works for red and white wine
better get the information out to the media and into the light.
Nothing to mis-remember just fake news.
Scandinavian Laws seem to be greater.
Funny how I heard a hundred 'westerners have no clue and hate turks!!!' rants but noone bothered to mention that.
She was totally confused when we told her we are from Austria cause according to her we didn't have the 'melody' :/
Most of them are borderline Neonazis or reproduce Nazi rhetoric
*looking up Norwegian courses*
What does it mean by "fall anime"?
They make hinges and other stuff for kitchen manufacturers and you find them pretty much in every kitchen
Grosso
Glad such things only happened in the past and we got rid of any conspiracys from maybe not-so-good people
Yeah because some county officials are not the really an authority when it comes to law but the highest court is.
Center-left won over far right, so good
it is not the whole world that lives in un-confucian anarchy
We call tape "Tixo". In Germany it's called Tesafilm I think
by unsubscribing from the sub with people wanting a united europe they can further isolate themselves and distance from the people wanting peace, freedom and no borders.
English and German are one of the few I can think of right now
* In Österreich habe ich heute viele Bäume gesehen
Second then
100 EUR = a refill at a gas station and some candy to go
Because its just a "temporary" government
(E.g. the german word for towel is Handtuch - hand cloth
NEOS: They are a liberal center party
There's only one right answer though
That can't be right
As you can see here, the effects of communism are still being significantly felt over here, however there is another divide within the east between EU and non-EU countries.
Look at a map where the city of linz is
polar night but with amazing nature, northern lights & snow beats southern swedish grey & flat nothingness that's been going on for months now by 1000 times
Admiral Nelson has a statue on Trafalgar Square - I remember that from English class.
YOU didn't actually do any of this stuff, people in your country did this ages ago, you are not responsible for this, same goes for modern day Austrians/Germans.
[Would fit into their country division, too] (in German, but the relevant information is understandable)
Also american
Oh, right
But, just from grammar, are some sentences the english ones pretty similar
He was an orphan and volunteered for the paratroopers (Fallschirmjäger) in 1940, when he was 17 years old
But I thought the EU would hinder innovation by forcing everyone to use USB C? Have I been told lies by these paid shills and apple fanatics in all threads on this topic
Is this normal behavior for a host family in Europe
The radical left is very anti-semitic (they say they are only anti-israel, but no, they are completely filled with hate and team up with islamists cause of their common enemy)
You can't reason with that
That's exactly what I'm talking about
This just in: Maaybe early elections in Austria, in May
Kadenbach | SPÖ | 555 | **pro**
(Fun fact: in Vienna you can find the headquarter of the International Atomic Energy Agency - IAEA)
Summer time is so much better for me, it's ridiculous how much of a difference it makes
Not sure about the part about the men
Trying my best, formatting on mobile is an absolute pain in the ass /:
The concept of Central Europe is the point of departure because it has been under discussion for a long period of time and has flared up again on the debate on the end of global and political antagonisms with a particular impact on Europe
>And for Germany the next most fucked up thing
In Austrian we do the same, except you always go out drinking with the bride and get the groom to pay for everything to get her back
But in some categories they have good deals
Reminds me of more calm Tropico songs
Austria:
It's not like A-H had no other choice but to invade Serbia.
I had both
Suler yummy to me, disgusting to everyone I've told the recipe to
Hard to earn money under the table if everything is electronic
This is savage af
And there was a strong connection between Jörg Haider, former Gouverneur of carinthia, and Saddam Hussein and Muammar Al gaddaffi, from Libya, with whom it is said that he was good friends
I expected Vorarlberg to be smaller on that map tbh.
There's a reason it's commonly called Female Genital Mutation instead of circumcision - it's far more horrible and aims to completely destroy the function of the genitals instead of cutting off a, let's be honest, pretty useless part
It just sounds like home
although looking at my old house it would have won the node lotto (as much as 1 can being on FTTN)
Of my direct four neighbours one are a croat couple another a mixed austrian/serb one
Did you read the thread title
Some Masters are English only or at least doable in English only.
I have no idea since I never speak English here in Austria.
You still have many places in Baden-Württemberg with the Austrian flag in their coat of arms from the good ol' Outer Austria days
It might not be intended to promote "centrism" directly.
Tells you who's behind the whole thing
Nope, never have, never will
[La Valletta]
- its still not confirmed if the nearby Synagogue was the target or not
Nowadays Austria plays a role in the migration politics of the EU with the well known "Balkan route".
I think now it is the same in all states
Some restaurants will ask you wether or not you want garlic sauce on it
also, standing on the left side of escalators
it’s more the inaccessibility of health care that’s made fun of, not necessarily the quality
In Austria it really depends - in cities it’s way above that - my nephews being in a class of 28
Thus: a dialect of Dutch
God I'm old, I want to say [Franz Fuchs] was an "interesting" case and I could renember the odd panic when there were news about his bombs but he was framed 1997
The opposite to it would be Wends (see: Windische, Windischgarsten etc
I wish my country helps, so the Lebanese won't experience a huge famine catastrophy there (a lot of the country's wheat was blown up)
I started to argue with him and suddenly a guy came up to the car, opened the door and dragged me out of the car
Growing up also meant losing this perception fo the US, but even today I still sometimes hold on and think "There are actual people who were born and live in the US
What about Sandler
And showing prices before taxes
Cannot stand the guy
It only got my attention because it was only a few months after the dam break and I have been paying more attention to south America since the whole Venezuela issue got more serious
That's really expensive
pretty much no dangerous ones yay
Even though the Swiss german is quite hard to understand we can it if we really try
That literally says patriotism holds a state together.
That’s the same in every large city
The train costs ~120€ one way and takes 12 hours just for the train ride
The country is still spectacular and I know plenty of very friendly French people
- Slow motion, apparently
Sevilla
This is something I have in mind for so long now and it would be so perfekt.
And then Americans invented something like watch towers, weapons, and handcuffs.
Ah yes the town Jump not far away from the town bunny
I think that's good
(Since it really seems like quite a mouth full) For example I was told by Spanish speakers that in German we say it in many more situations.
Why would you even put sauce on a breaded Schnitzel, making the coating soft and soggy?
But to be fairly honest right now, I barely know foreigners that know anything about Austria, so finding a building people know is really difficult for me rn
Same with everyone else in the stadium, we all make sure to sing that part extra loud so it can be heard on TV.
Thanks for taking care of that before they get even further south
Vammala	FI
They're definitely inferior tho
Just reducing it to immigration is a little simplistic I think; also van der Bellen is not really pro-immigration while Hofer is definitely anti
an older slang for syrup in Austria is Dicksaft (saft=juice)
The same as the Italian Republic is not a successor of the Roman Empire.
But who wants Unix
Now working these jobs in Germany, what we served was mostly German wines, often produced in our own county (Baden-Württemberg), but sometimes from neighboring counties (i.e. Pfalz) or somewhere else in Germany
That was in Sheffield, and she was fairly young
Fuck this shit, I ain't leaving the bed: -20 downwards
Thought it meant Kurva river at first sight..
In Austria it's pretty common in villages and farm houses
Oh we're gonna do a lot worse, WW3 is right around the corner and the irony is, neither trump nor putin will trigger it.
Somebody needs to repeat that to Americans everyday
Ironically that's not correct as Kurz got the most resistance from his own party
It won't be close as today but be ready for that
... he is GERMAN
Yeah, university degrees should be comparable - but please dont force all schools in the EU to operate the same way
(I am pretty sure Putin is by far no Boy Scout, but what argument is that
Americans really know little about foreign countries/cultures
48° ... close enough ... it's fine, really
I remember that song
heck they dont even have articles or grammatical cases like in german
Yes but they managed to mirror the whole image because they used a picture as a reference
Please elaborate (if still relevant after reading 1+2)
There's also plenty of non-Germanic old-timey names
I am a hunter and this is new to me
(for example, if you can prove that you are part of a sports team etc
Well we Austrians are the median of this: "Austrians have rules like the Germans and break them like the Italians" is a running joke even among us
Keeping all their salty tears and cringe posts to themselves I guess?
I think this speaks a clear language: SPÖ and ÖVP are in the pockets of last century economics
It’s ok for learning vocabulary and how to use it
During the battle he almost died due to a grenade (there is still a splinter of it in his body) and later on he obviously was a POW in the Soviet Union
how political correct and thoughtful of you.
Haha thank you
The EU can definitely go the way of Switzerland
Too bad Kronprinz Rudolph is only available for a short time
I'm not sure what you're trying to tell me
(Honestly I just wasn‘t sure if I should include her or not, so I just wrote down her name here
As far as I understood, it is not proofen yet, but suggested, that the polish driver of the truck was still alive, when the assasin started driving through the christmas market.
Occasionally, people nostalgically complain "Do you remember how much I could buy with 1,000 tolars (€4.17) back then, now I can't even buy a round for €20" etc.
Here on this sub we're basically a collection of loosely related national communities, so I thought it may make sense to do local meetups of like-minded people - sharing problems and ideas with other locals.
The productivity on a Friday afternoon in many departments is inexistent
why use 3 maps when you could use 1
Germany's 29
I completely forgot Wels existed
Valtola	IT
their point is simply to laugh at the people in charge.
Is this true
Regel 4:
* -> Franz Ferdinand
I think what opened my eyes was seeing people like Trevor Noah on YouTube, talking about his country South Africa, while simultaneously starting to look up countries all over the world so I could find rather unusual destinations for travelling
* Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart
really made him hated among a significant portion of the right half of Austria too
Exactly the same here, although I don't have any hard numbers to support my impression
Normally it's the other way round
We were on training in Carinthia and had the afternoon off
And it is a fucking shame that some economical fetishists try to fuck you guys up economically in the meantime.
It’s pretty impossible to learn anything after spending 8+ hours at school
He probably wasn't anything much out of the ordinary
It‘s quite easy to read, probably because it‘s so similar to German
Then there was Obama who continued the bombings and the war in the Middle East
But I still fill my kid's Adventkalender each day, so there's that ;)
Also doch
3 million saunas for 5 million people is just ridiculous...and I'm kind of jealous...
you're right on the money with your observations, just wanted to add a clarification about the asian tourist swarms: there's a big difference between chinese/japanese (and korean, although not so much) tourist groups.
Because first hate is the reason and when that argument doesn't work you use another one.
Those are normal people that just wore it
Apple Face ID totally depends on their sensors
) as they were suffering from an active brain haemorrhage that could’ve killed them
Putting sauce on your Schnitzel is considered a hate crime in Austria
I still like the argument that Austria is actually the last remaining piece of the HRE
Just hope everyone survives
And i am really skeptic believing the reasoning and thinking about the weapons of mass destruction, that where the reason for another war for the us, but never existed
I think it's cute
Those damn Belgians
Shit rocks yo
We locked down the whole school with iron chains except for the main entrance and asked a member of the voluntary fire brigade to fill a pool with water right before school began
Which germany agreed to
I've actually been onboard the HMS Victory in Portsmouth but I still have no idea about the history behind all this.
In Old Norman the name is Williame
I just added to your sentiment that gun ownership rate and gun crime don‘t necessarily relate
But whichever it is, it's always lots of brands (fake or real), and there's *always* (even with the best outfit) that one little detail which makes the whole thing completely over the top
The first building that came to my mind was the [Hofburg] in Vienna or the [Museum of Fine Arts]
> Kickl is even worse TBH
It would be much better if there was something like special family coach in each train, space for buggys and bikes
Blyat
It just hurts in the beginning ;)
he saw the news
There is still alot of corruption and internal problems
Once summer turns to autumn I'm sad all the rape is gone.
So it is only 14 cents now
Coming from the same people that still think Corsica and French Savoy belong to Italy
I feel deeply sorry for him as it sounds like he had a similarly painful experience, haha
A couple of days ago I read that top is Japan with 13 ICU beds per *1000 residents, my country (Austria) is in the middle with 7 beds per *1000 residents and the US ranges quite low with 2
That's why I said time *in* the market (not "timing the market").
With all its flaws it still made me, me
maybe add flair, so these questions don’t occur :)
Especially in the last years you keep seeing the word "Strasse" more and more, even by big companies, although it is just wrong
Technically yes, but at least here people don't mean satellites or similar when talking about radio, they mean short-wave-radio.
Edit: I just sound like Yoda honestly
But if somebody would tell me a word while speaking in a dialect it would get very difficult
Well Salzburger (and Upper Austrians to a lesser degree), who are Bavarian in all but name are included in /r/aeiou after all
[USA (Arkansas) ID Card]
And of course as 'Union Nationalsozialistischer Staaten' or UNS (means 'us' in German).
This reminds me of how the inhabitants of my village knew when there was an english boarding school on a ski trip: after they came home from skiing, hoards of teens would roam trough the streets wearing t-shirts and shorts
I feel honoured
Do we know what are facts and what ottoman propaganda
It would piss of both us Austrians as much as the Germans
Weather is currently great in Greece, it has had ~28°C max the last few weeks
The thought is that people go there and think of all the terrible things humans did to other humans there, and not people go there to say: Oh wow what a great place it’s truly one of the 7 wonders of Europe
Furthermore, this confederation was already pretty loose
They were by far the most common option here until quite recently
>I just don't fear burglars because they're after my stuff only and that's a nuisance, not a danger
There is also US base in Turkey and unlike others this one actually is very useful and used for operations in middle east.
The only reason he's pushing the china thing so much is because the only thing that will unite America is collectively hating someone else, oh and the fear of not being "numba 1" anymore
Oida
hüpfen = hupfn
\>Security said they were “just following orders”
Happy austrian noices
That's what I'm saying, so the settlement is likely older than that
Hungarian guy: perfectly says the german version
Then build them on top of the buildings the space is still there just a few metres higher now
Your both right
Proleten
* 24% Our people best people
I’d just show him a map and say “You fucked up
A trip to then Yugoslavia, particularly [Rovinj] (Croatia) and the [Postojna Cave] (Slovenia).
And we needed milk
Whoof, some of these look like a WW2 scene
But oh well, just the last few days.
Many, many mosques in Germany are getting all their financial support directly from the turkish government, and the imams preach pro-Erdogan messages.
100 EUR after taxes and an additional christmas and holiday gratification of 4
Well, u/Spooodermon did point out "for a ship", so
I haven't heard anything about "large scale shootings" in Sweden, care to share a source
The way I know the conspiracy theory, there was no treaty in either side of Germany
Ethnically ok, because most of the Austrians are German.
Leeds
>many internal standards and regulations were changed to follow EU instead of Russia
The average European gets to live in one of the most wealthy countries on the planet due to the EU.
So you would have to wiggle with you pants down and your bare butt exposed across the bathroom (toilet and bidet still in the same room next to each other of course)
Bigger and older markets with more competition are going to produce better goods.
They have talked to each other (exclusively) and concluded, that yes indeed the EU will agree because they need the UK a lot more than the UK needs the EU
They have to draw the line somewhere.
The unigoat looks rightfully pissed off at being endangered
YouTube's comment section attracts the dregs of our society, they attack everyone who isn't on their side.
We had a castle at the city center built in the 13th century but it was destroyed by the french in the 19th century, except for two buildings
Austria is the most unique German speaking region in all of the german speaking regions in europe, hence it being it's own country
Would that do anything
Austria has never really been in favour of Turkey joining the EU
The policeman on the right has done this job for a while now I suppose
You can't have political discourse if neither side accepts that there are differences of oppinion and a differences of interests
;-)
Because of corona or in general
Considering everyone says "not much" and regrets it, why don't we do a cultural exchange thing in r/Europe again
- Stop it with American exceptionalism.
He was the last person to be sentenced to death and executed in Austria.
Those are facts, not accusations
Well it definitely is part of german literature before the "weimarer Klassik".
Comparing it with the Crimea referendum is not really appropriate
Most are untranslatable
Prolonging the words: "Heaaaast oidaaa, hosd a boa schülling fia de haaaazung"
That's the Austrian spirit
Austria, Netherlands, now France
No need to clog up the ER and endanger others who think they might have a heart attack
The word „einundzwanzig“ (and „zweiundzwanzig“ (22), „dreiundzwanzig“ (23) and so on) perfectly fits in a second if spoken properly/not too fast
Germany, i love you, but your food and the way you name it makes my stomach hurt.
Because that's how I think it is in Austria: trying to bribe a policeman
Oh, now I do see ...goddamn lol
After that a lot of austrian nazis fled to Germany, giving lots of "intelligence" (information) to the german nazi party
I have the feeling that in Austria the hype dies down again - what I appreciate
> Till the 90s the "traditional norm" was for a women to cook for the family and pretty much expected
I was thinking the exact same
Trust me
About 1% of the cars I'd say
Bohemia was Czech people under Austrian rule.
mad respect
The question was about national treasures and since I recently went to the Imperial treasury I can tell you that it's more impressive than all the other fancy things the Habsburgs collected for centuries.
The first time I drove there it was during night
Well tbf the mess that brexit is helped boost opinion of eu in most countries
When the occupants are inside, the invaders can force them to tell where the valuables are or make them open the safes
hooray
The only votes in there would be constant votes of non confidence against the new FPÖ govs members
Overall I think there wasn't put that much importance on it
This way they don't piss off their coalition partner but they can say that they didn't vote for it and EU = bad to the voters
The closest thing we have are Scouts
Kurt Waldheim were once Secretary-General of the UN and became a persona non grata in the eyes of USA and Israel during his Austrian presidency
France = Frankreich (Frankish/French Realm)
Get ready for reservation fees
It always depends on who makes a joke, too
But in some categories they have good deals
Something about evil spirits and good luck for the winter
Then again, Nitrogen (N) is "Stickstoff" and Oxygen (O) is "Sauerstoff"...
At least leave the big city
Not surprising when the news reports about "fully semi automatic" weapons
But Vorarlberg was never "Swiss people under Austrian rule".
Normally I'm barefooted, sometimes I put socks on.
But I can't really think of a specific meme template that stuck around for longer and only in Austrian subreddits
Ich lerne ihm Y.
Hell how even would the fronts have been in the great war - would there have even been a ww2 the way it was
I think the weather is great
1.) About Le Pen and gay marriage:
Maybe this will work
Not because of the EU, but because of that fucking song ...
AUT - FR, NL, LUX - BEL in some way too - DNK
If it is from a public water network, it is normally perfectly clean
for Austria it's only after your high school finals
As disastrous as it looked, fortunately it "only" cost one man his life and the bridge was rebuild later
Clean it all up with a Union
Takes a while to remember, but you get used to it pretty fast and the rules are universal.
Freude
Again I'm surprised how terrible my written Spanish is compared to my spoken one
I don't really know much about him since I never met him
Then a new general election would be held, and imagine how THAT would turn out for the FPÖ if they pull that shit
Quality beer is around 1€-1,10€ (everything including taxes)
>A frequent accusation is that Burschenschaften have an elite social understanding
However, the black white red is way cooler
This entire thread is quite a train wreck regarding factual information, possibly including my own comment.
I grew up in eastern Styria and it's very much ÖVP country, not red
Hell, we even trade with the US
&#x200B;
@germany and @russia can we partition that one again
Such intelligent and alien creatures, it's fascinating
Could that be that romans brought the female godess but celts had a male ? Anyway thanks for the idea
i don't think that this is a good analogy.
Plusquamperfekt is a past tense form
Sour brit is sour
Yeah, I mean civilian slaughters, embargos, propping up bloodthirsty dictators and carpet-bombing half of the world for economic interests, all of that was ok
People just love to exaggerate.
Only after I started speaking Italian too them, we found out that the castle closes at 4 pm (or was it 5?
It always depends - the political theory ? So Marx and Engels ? I would be proud about that since this is still the base on which things like social - democracy and social reforms were based on and developed from
Son in german panzer band or Industrieklebeband
Most of the times I end up as the Kingdom of Jerusalem after crusading a bit or as a satanic Empire trying to devour half the world
Also “Schasklappersdorf”
So people were like "the real reason surely was the cockroach, not the YPG
More like "Hey look at us, we're not all old farts or rapists
it means "deutscher Nation" as in "deutscher Natur" or "deutscher Herkunft"; so, of a German  type or manner (to distinguish it from the old Roman Empire)
Ive never heard about it until now, but after reading a bit about it i'm intrigued to hear some stories, if you dont mind :)
Of course that doesn't translate to every field
Well I usually just respond with: You elected him, we didn't even allow him to study art
Though that's probably just my paranoid, reward-card-hating heart talking
How french is that
or have you never had to fill out an application with our dear people at the MA2412
German dubs usually avoid any strong accents
That stuff just varies between countries and elected office.
There's definitely a reason why paypal and Venmo are that popular
If you work a job that involves interacting with customers it depends
In that we differ from our German neighbors, where ID cards ("Perso") are prevalent.
I usually got quite a good memory for things like that but seems like nothing was really that memorable
It's true
Learned this level of rhetoric reading your posts on here.
We use to jokingly say that it's actually Hungary
Germany is basicly made out of some states that all don't have much in comon
It‘s very probable
Better to zealous in pushing that back than let them pass
People cared about the Austrian election whose first run happened before either of those.
A young American+British couple asked me whether there are mountains in Austria
I'm from a rather rural area and I can tell you that many young people smoke weed occasionally
So far, we had snow twice this year, maybe 1-2 cm and all gone the next day
I also know of people who commute with their 2000 € carbon road bike and carry it up into the office
The interesting thing is that everyone could buy one in this year without having to pay taxes for it
It pisses me off
They thought I was one of the left= Nazis idiots
Wow TIL
Oh please, everyone driving in Vienna without a W is a mittlere Katastrophe.
* How the EEA (Switzerland and Norway) fit into the picture
Idk dude I don‘t drink alcohol, it‘s just kinda become a tradition or become our culture, I can‘t give you reasons as to why some old people who don‘t live anymore decided to do that
Hiking is nice but staying a few days in the Alps is so expensive, and don't even speak about skiing...
It also seems like the sentiment is completely different
We have got bars, but they're expensive and they play loud music
no one is doing this out of the goodness of their heart.
Cant find the link right now, but in the past France already offered Germany some sort of control on France's nuclear weaponry what Germany declined.
It’s AWFUL
Walk to the subway/tube, ride 2 stations, exit, walk 1 min, takes about 10 min total
I don‘t know where they picked that up, but I guess social media
Yeah Zirbenschnaps is not a thing in my region, it's all about the pear schnaps
When I was in Germany for a weekend last year that happened to me as well.
Someone else thought everyone stopped working at 5 and said "Fertig
Austria is pretty cool like that
Are you drunk
Most of the countries in Europe give much more to their state television annually, they just don't get bad press for it (instead they get bad press if they want to spend less on government propaganda)
Tough to say about "average", because there seem to be two kinds of crowds these days.
The police play I am from Austria now so we know where we‘re from
It is most certainly a myth
We should donate our [Walser Berg (483m)] to you guys
With it comes a beautiful Tiergarten (zoo) in the gardens of the castle - which is by the way the oldest zoo in the world and has the first naturally bred panda baby born in captivity in Europe
You don‘t know how fast (the always friendly) Austrians can get mad at you with these questions
>Saying "I don't know what you like
so thank you
Seriously, the halal lie of being "the most humane way of slaughter" is up there with some of the most retarded religious beliefs.
I don't see anything wrong with it especially if it's about letting someone stay at your place
Having kids just nimble on a slize of bread before taking off would save the production some work
Cars a a lot cheaper in Germany than in Austria because of the bigger market, but with all the additional costs it will be about the same
Also, it is a [well known phenomenon by now, that more roads lead to even more traffic instead of causing less congestion] Maybe the city planners of wherever this was in Romania weren't aware of this, but that's what the EU also stands for: transfer of knowledge.
In border cities
Haven't heard of it in a few years though.
It's better than many bottled brands
we really dont want to
97, you pay 1
I hope they keep lists of those cheering on social media, whatsapp and so on
Ex: „The store closes at 6pm, das geht sich jetzt nicht mehr aus“ or „das geht sich noch aus“.
I.e. they don't have enough qualitfied translators)
Viennese for instance do not stand a chance at understanding them
we are unique
Yeah, let's just Habsburg 'em and make them speak German
Being snotty bullies is something you also encountet in the more rural parts of the country
I went to an exclusive german speaking school in Oradea
Ehrenmann
Sure, it's from Star Trek
20 years ago maybe
I just said said "enjoy your apple, my friend" lol
That’s so ridiculous even you had to laugh at that argument right ?
Totally, I also really like London as a city
Isn't it , "Oh du lieber Augustin alles ist hin"?
Veliko tarnovo is such a great place to visit!
They like binge drinking in their woods.
For me the greek/roman/hellenic(?) influence and their male sun gods and female moon godess always felt vaguely not right
Bathing
that made my whole day because the nun was so happy to meet a chilean in austria
That is not something "widely taught" at all
Especially in war
So good
Haven't had any Schnitzel though
•North America
Europe
I had to
I‘m not that good at german dialects
Or taking a walk in the snow
Schmidt | ÖVP | 761 | **pro**
What's more common here is that some kind of stuff was found in the water that makes it unfit for consumption, most of the time a higher concentration of some mineral rather than some sort of bacteria
I still think it is exceptional that one of the most important european friendship is between France and Germany nowadays
> We use it for private celebrations too, like birthdays
I know Germany has many different people
>You would cancel out any positive effect a later start of school and work day would have
Futur II is for looking back from a future time
**IS THE EURO DESTROYING THE MEMORY OF DIANA
(You can get a flair on the right; also your username definitely checks out)
To make matters worse, on the exact same day in 1976, the late Niki Lauda (one of Austria's most prominent sportsman ever) had its infamous crash at Nürnburg ring
Otherwise you can sue to void the contract or the seller has the opportunity to compensate to match the 50% of value
(I‘ve never noticed how weird that sounds up until now)
Rauch Eistee
> but reading the whole thing in middle high German would probably be a bit much for a seventh grader
Don't continue to stand around in the house demanding that before leaving, the owner promise to deliver free food and water to you for years, keep the door wide open for whenever you need something from his house, and maybe even provide you with a harem of lady cats
Maybe it's more of an Austrian thing
Germanic would include Sweden or England and that really isn't he same thing.
I used a break of a few hours to visit Notre Dame on the way between train stations but had to cut that short as i had to catch the last train towards Scotland
(Nacktschnecken, Contact High, Hotel Rock'n'Roll)
Ancient China built a wall to keep people out and they were pretty right wing.
maybe hiking yeah, but the really nice spots are kinda far away
Ohh a rare austrian
It is definitely possible but uncommon
We only switched drivers when we saw the sign "Galleria non illuminata" and therefore noticed that were already in Italy
Well, next to Coldmirror, that is
No intention of going back
If you would split Serbo-Croatian in Bosnian, Croatian and Serbian, Turkish would be the on the top
If it would magically happen with a nice job and everything, then Switzerland
iPhones work really well together with Macs and the whole Apple ecosystem
ORF Live Report (for those who understand german)
> The stereotype I hate is foreigners thinking we’re all rich
The distinction is mainly political
The CS/VF was there to indicate that its basically the same party
I was told that he was a horrible man and did awful thing in the name of the third reich
The world headquarter of Red Bull is in Austria, in [this Bond-villainesque complex] in Salzburg, owned by [this Bond villian]
Are you from bavaria or baden würtenberg
As far as I see it, they started
Can confirm
Heck yeah, "Schliwo" is awesome :D
Forcing 7 year olds to go to school in the afternoons is wild
etc
Yes yes, that was my point
Oh man we got way too many offal recipes
Do you even know how you get the austrian citizenship
I think you misinterpreted the question.
Homestly no, Greece does not come to my mind when thinking about Balkan
I think it's pretty much the same in Austria, or at least the part I'm from, "Versteckt oder nicht, ich komme" ("Hidden or not, I'm coming")
No i dont and i dont know anyone who thinks of himself as a European.
the opposition was already crushed when Anschluss happend
Yeah it's definitely the closest thing to a memetical Crystal place in Austria
In German Tschechien or Tschechei is pretty common so for us it barely registers as unusual at all.
Where are the Italians
gesetzliche Rente]
just an hour ago a thread about the school shooting in france got made, and guess what, he had guns.
I have no idea what you're talking about but it sounds a bit offensive?
You can be paranoid about spies without having any secrets worth stealing.
What also divides Austria in two: Is it called "Fleischkas" or "Leberkas"? In Western Austria we say "Fleischkas" in Eastern Austria it's called "Leberkas". But one thing gets us back together: We all love to eat it
yes, you kiss woman/girls you know better 2 times on the cheeks.
Not really but train stations are witnesses of the eras in which they were built.
If war isn't an option anymore between sufficiently sophisticated societies other frameworks for conflict resolution will have to be created and with time they will have to get more and more encompassing.
Zabaione, panna cotta, Pandoro, ...
You can get this hot in most grocery stores, many bakeries, butchers etc
There's a real struggle in German about that.
6) Having to register in advance to even be allowed to vote isn't the best - instead we are sent an invitation/instruction without ever having to do something first.
weird
Like dinner dates in separate restaurants
Google is working on Austria
Well, the Balkan starts in Vienna
I hope your grandsons won't see the freaking audacity some Turkish politicians have anymore.
I think I was 4 or 5
there is enough food waste in the culinary world as it is
I also really like that name
There's a theory that this is the true reason the archduke was murdered in Sarajevo
It's the same in Austria with dead czechs in the alps.
I wonder if that directly relates
I needed half a hour to realize they were dutch and i only noticed because they asked me why i understand dutch but aren't speaking it
In the later phase of the campaign, they started calling VdB a nazi, a communist, a spy of the eastern block (while always claiming that Hofer had better relations to Russia) and a neoliberal
Fugging
Almdudler is also very popular
> especially in areas with blind corners or hills
In what way is it misleading
- Johannisbeermischung, but if you say Mischung and nothing else you specifically mean Weinschorle
Maybe it's more of a local thing, I live quite far away from the Czech border, in the west of Austria.
Cannabis Laws from the Netherlands
my tip would be: wear tighter-fitted pants and avoid certain types od shoes (wear either boots, leather shoes, or fashionable converse)
But yeah, Bruckfleisch definitely isn't for everyone
Wow
5-1 time per day
A problem is that does additional tunnels were undocumented, the town had an problem with an public building sinking because of an cave in of such storage tunnel
The city even got some special name/title from the Kaiser for staying so loyal over the years.
But it still ads a viewpoint ;)
It was no secret that crimea would rip ukraine apart one day.
Makes sense though
Yeah I'd bet they thought of the U2 song without knowing the background to it
the 26 letter alphabet was not adequate to cover all sounds.
Sounds cheap compared to BER
Bilbao is not the capital of the Autonomous Basque Region
I also don't think the EU really likes Canada at the moment, with the trade deal talks not going well
In oldtowns of the larger cities and outskirts with mansion like buildings.
And since it involves a member state macron can say something - it will in the end affect all of the EU if we have to deal with the north Irish after all
I tried them twice
Greece is also good
As kids, we would always giggle but it was never a big deal.
From the party and period, she was the minister of labour in the former PM’s cabinet
no, half of the country are not environmentalist
Funny is when they are doing it on purpose.
Yeah, they stripped it of its Schwarzenegger name back when he was governor and signed execution orders of death row inmates
When I hear body bag, I think of Tatort, not of a backpack
It was what ultimately divided Europe in half for nearly 50 years
He knew German before but of course not at a native speaker level, let alone Austrian dialect
I'm often in Croatia, it's the nearest coast from me, you met tourists everywhere and I don't know any bias here from other Austrians?
Its a Canadian show
Have you ever heard about the bsoffene gschicht were politician tried to sell our water and other stuff
I just couldn't resist
I don't think Faymann is the source of the meme.
> Fresh meals are healthier and cheaper than takeaway
Met Russian cars twice on the road, both times I narrowly abvoided an accident
this is not local news but the boulevard showing stuff the police has asked not to show
A "Job" is most often referred to as some sort of irregular one-time work or a part-time job, while "Arbeit" refers to a full, 36-40 h/week occupation
I always thought on a dark clothed man, like the typical thief/burglar
We have other other expressions for other stuff though
My personal go-to German language online newspaper is [Der Standard] No paywall (but suggest turning off adblocker for all features).
Dedicated kitchen scissors
thanks czech republic for the beautiful cities and castles
Seems like they're not very common in other places
Appearantly it has 20° rn here
Personally, I thought it was very boring
Pölten
- Iraq
Someone suggested Nazi era Praha above - I think with AC's map sizes one could easily make a Resistance game that covers Czech and Austrian territories
In Slovenia and Austria there is a highway toll, you need to buy a toll sticker (available at petrol stations or at the border)
They could, without problems, put that on the price tag
Visited Etna
I don't know, I personally always found it supremely weird when some people say "I'm Italian because my great-great-grandparents came from Rome"...yeah, ok, sure Jan.
Pretty sad that you don’t learn your own history apparently since Italian irrendentism claimed Corsica, Nice, Savoy, Istria, Dalmatia, Malta and so on
*Shouldn't* go together, but it does
or maybe he just liked the name sake who is to say
Why do you think Putin is funding those types?
Sure, someone somewhere uses it in Austria, but it's probably not within the top 10 mild insults a Wiener will use
you know like arrogant unfriendly Frenchmen of which I have never met any outside of Paris
Wie viele NS-Gedenkfeiern gibt es, wie oft hört man öffentliche Personen sich an die NS-Zeit erinnern
I guess the "tack, tack, tack!" on my ikea coupons makes more sense now.
- Ironically you can prevent this sickness with a "Pariser" (Parisian), i.e. a Condom
What Italy having "turned the tide" here means is that its rate of growth is decreasing (i.e. day-over-day +500, +495, +490 etc
[ [#0211w] "
Yeah, but I guess other HTLs should have them too
Just the view from a foreigner (who never saw Star Wars): La Sagrada Familia is the only one I _didn‘t_ have to google, because I knew right away, but the other two are pretty iconic too (I didn‘t know the name but I they did look very familiar)
I mean I THINK they are meant to be taken sarcastically, but the fact that they tried to get into the Eurovision song contest makes me doubt that
Otherwise there would have been substantial change long ago
can't stop the bleeding with an arrow in your stomach
Because the council of the EU only gets to do anything if the EU council and Parliament fail to find consensus:
Maybe in Burgenland
Only if any of them have content filters according to EU guidelines
Germany no upgrading its rail network to account for upgrades in neighboring countries seems like a common theme
But "privince" is a common deragatory term that is employed
I can't really understand any of the latter ones
There's no EU army to support them.
Then a new general election would be held, and imagine how THAT would turn out for the FPÖ if they pull that shit
By Austrian standards, 3 hours driving means going on vacation.
The Arrow-cross is so ugly
the second translation by Wolfgang Krege
Same here
For those who don't know, the Parliament usually sits in Brussels and specifically travels to Strasbourg for plenary sessions just because the Treaties require it
However most Latinos live in more industrialized areas anyway, where there's also more working-class people from Spain proper, who came to the Basque Country in the 60s and 70s and never really bothered to learn Basque (also bc it was illegal to teach the language until the 70s)
An Austrian that doesn't like Schnitzel
[The Wall] as it fits the setting ;)
Griaß di
"Herr Komissar" by Seiler und Speer is overall just a great song, it deserves some attention
It's not rocket science: Grab a glass, fill it half with apple juice and half with mineral water (containing CO2)
I'd go with vinegar and oil
I remember when I went there how shops had signs outside reminding you to take them off when going inside
Not saying that it‘s really cool over here, but those 19-24° are way more welcome than the 25-28° my german friends have
Just for some PC background, there is no historic evidence that "Who's afraid of the black guy" has anything to do with people of color.
(und als Linzer: Am liebsten vom Leberkaspepi
Reminds me when I tried to buy Semmeln in a German bakery
Oh, and you can use the mail department for receiving personal packages although they are telling you they won't accept the 85" TV you ordered off Amazon (but from experience of a colleague they're fine with ~50" TVs
So he exactly copied the way Hitler came to power.
dystopian
I think that's a level that most people manage and is kinda expected
My experience in Paris was that most people ignored my French, that was obviously enough to make myself understood and have a conversation, and just replied in English
Mount Olympus - the Gods can't hide forever
Edit: i got confused, the Bergeisen ist the chisel, Afaik it's the hammer is also called Schlägl/Schlegl
Guilty pleasure song tho
Pasina	FI
(And supermarkets which are quite lovely)
Would just be fascinating
I’m from the south of Austria and i didn’t understand a word of anything when a Swiss person talks to me in Swiss German
Yes, they were originally radio plays.
It is different to what some regions in Germany call schilcher
Entertainment Propaganda works
>the polio virus
Most people are proud of it, but the downside to it is that my girlfriend, who's learning German, can't understand anything anyone here says and it's certainly making it a lot harder for her
Well, as a representave of Austria, I actually can take your surrender ;).
Well, its easy
And where does he state, that he intends to leave NATO?
I used to live in Transylvania as a kid, and I always remember being super annoyed by how cool the temperatures were back home in Austira
but even more so I'm happy we have people like her and [Ansip] in the Commission
Österreichischer Faschismus (die Kompromisslösung schlechthin)
"Do you guys in Britain often have such thick fog?"
Systems don't make stupid laws people do.
dudes in Mozart costumes selling concert tickets - mother of all scams, the concert is some random crap
It’s the same on the road, at the store, at work
thanks, i hate it
Toll, das ist genau was ich gesagt habe
It snowed on Saturday in upper Styria for a day
Just buy a cheap old sporty car and do most of the work on your own
You'd be surprised about the many possibilities of (not) placing that h
Like, what do they do for a living
It's not talked about much and I didn't learn a lot about it in school
In my experience, it's like the society has shifted into 2 groups - people who cook and those who don't, very much like people who read and those who don't.
It was often a bit weird because they let me feel that my French was not good enough . At some point I just stopped trying
Afaik Rettungsgasse is called "emergency corridor" in english
He became Germany’s dictator, not Austria‘s.
Hong Kong got a symbol for protest
But loanwords aside, "technical" jargon of any subject (be it biology or naval things or whatever) might be a problem
There's no significant differences in heart attack rates in summer times vs normal times that can be traced back to the changing the time
&#x200B;
It can also refer to a gullible foreigner
Sorry, but the general rule is that it has to be primarily about Europe and that it isn't enough that a European person is mentionend.
Yes it does need a lot of cream, but it does taste good
or at least being served a propper Palatschinke, cause it's way superior to a plain pancake.
poor horses
Under normal circumstances they play it once a week in Burgkino
You should have your ears checked
The USA however shows its true colours with this
I do not know if its perfectly legal but if there is enough space such that traffic can pass by no one will complain, and everybody does it like this
Although I‘m not kidding unlike those [Brexiteers]
My dad is an English teacher so he forced me to study my vocab and grammar every evening, read a lot of books with me etc
Our Middle school was extreme regarding this.
> Seriously people I'm just a fan of /r/vexillology, not a nazi
You don't have to refill them in a different bottle, because glass bottles aren't allowed on Festivals.
I agree
Or is it just a general hate
5 degrees can be warm with the right amount of humidity and no wind
And then Americans wonder why Europe has so few skyscrapers when we have cities like this
You clearly must be suicidal
I could also use a highway most of the way, but that's too risky
Graz guided tour, we went in a tunnel and came out inside the clock tower, cool the see it once from the inside)
You can keep your Tüte
Its only the half truth in west-Austria its 3 kisses ;)
He grew up in Prague at a time where it was considered mainly German town
What about that time of year when when a bunch of people get together to dress up as monsters, set fire to stuff, and hit girls with sticks while Saint Nick's handing out presents in the background
Do you need help finding those videos or are you happy to just believe it's all not true
Can't pronounce anything besides kchchchchch
How can you secure them against people breaking in with such huge windows and what looks like thin walls
If Nato ends Germany will have to get nuclear capabilities.
But since last year, Street View cars have been driving through Austria
I think it's because it reminds us of our bad classmates who it always took 10 minutes to finish reading one paragraph aloud
These fines should have existed much earlier
Hey guys from Slavic countries!
St Martins
The basics are relatively stylish and fancy, but then there's that touch that just pushes it over the top towards the brink of trashy
OK, than I misread your post :)
I think Merkur has it Austria wide now
Luxembourgerish is also somewhat understandable within a context
Any idea what the reasoning was to reduce the term length?
English is imprecise compared to German and feels constricting
However I see the possibility of a potential conflict over who gets to be top and who bottom
And then the era of Donald Trump followed and I guess I don't have to tell you that this generally didn't reflect well on the USA as a whole around here either
Hair ARTner
> Austrian Hangarian Empire
Also with every new goverment the ministries change slightly...
I am myself mo German, but native German speaker, and I often encountered people who tend to be quite hostile against Germans
I think if was less amazing then people thing VDB was well liked across the left spectrum and also within large parts of the liberal conservative voters
once again, we are too close to Germany for our own good
Whaaat, Graz isn't ugly
Not for much longer
I find it ludicrous that you can have someone die for their country in a war but deny them a simple drink as if wine or beer is the devil!
A few years ago there was a hype about fixies and single speeds
Other than that the roads are fine, make sure to keep to the speed limits in Switzerland (the fines are outrageous).
Democracy proceeds to go bye-bye
Wos moanstn hiatz domit
With things as they are you have to work 60+ hours
this one is my favourite by far
You know it's your obligation to throw all these towels on a big pile, then watch them fight each other to their deaths
You grant big corporations tax benefits and they, in return, lobby for you to be elected.
They have been scared for the past month about this.
We could make the summer time to our normal time.
UK, Japan, New Zealand etc
Spanish is very good in that regard, mostly all words have similar emphasis, and those who do not receive a tilde.
"go travel the world" they said, "see different people from other cultures", they said
I really dont give a shit
Plot Twist: Czechia is the dick
Like, not even the British accent sounds weird to me, but that‘s probably because I‘m so used to hearing/speaking American English
But they rather vote for the "smaller evil" than not at all
also it's my exercise, I normally try to be fast and get my heart rate going
The inner city was completely full of British tourists vomiting and fighting
&#x200B;
Those overly excited Anglos, it's always hard to translate that and having to tone down the excitement level at the same time, but not too much
The Habsburgs also crushed it brutally here in Austria.
The Flying Bulls have quite a few former weapons of war in their inventory:
The neighbouring town where I grew up had an coal mine (an old shaft mine, not an open pit mine) and the Nazis added tunnels to it for storage
So now, when all of us are grown, we still insist on sitting at the kids' table, though usually Grandma joins us now
human for scale:
Oh come on, /r/trees doesn't count!
Since recently even bicycle food couriers have a union
>and especially my dialect
The whole political process in the US is a clownery through and through
Because zero tolerance policies are not popular or realistic at all
I'll be here for Liechtenstein
Red deitsch du wappla
Even if you don't enter the building through that basement
Give them to Switzerland, we have enough Alpine weirdos already
It has become a bit redundant when the city forced the women to relocate to other areas
Mulatschag (Hungarian origin, from ' mulatság'=revelry) = revelry
I know, but my sister in law and some colleages, which are turks, also told me that they can easily understand some parts of Japanese, and although I know that the theory is controversal, I hear this again and again
I don't think the stereotypical European parliament has that many parties because some won't make it in countries that have thresholds
A proper German "R" sounds like the speaker's throat has just been slit.
Nationalism and nationality before the spring of nations is a very fuzzy topic and also quite contentious and thus quite fascinating
more recent heroes could be: Arnold Schwarzenegger, Hermann Maier, Andi Goldberger, Wayna Pawiasek ([what a gwoup]
, 1782[6]
Look at their passports, not their "race"...
The town itself has ~750 citizens
Also the "classic" speech of the principal to the whole school.
and the greek region is called Makedonien
Ah a Hawara vo Kuitur
oh come on this is just not true
my high school started at 7:25 with 50min lessons
its the same in austria, i can basically forget going to university if my parents werent ready to support me which they thankfully are
Yeah but imho children with disabilities or in need of special attention are a completely different story.
I didn‘t know that, that‘s actually very interesting
You are also like reddit user for 8 months.
Tell that to the ~~Greek~~ French Marathon Runners, or to the Japanese Sumo Wrestlers
Australia is a continent, New Zealand is not part of it
Do you really think that the presidential election (and not the Italian referendum or some other factors) made the EUR 1% weaker?
Fun fact about that second shot: It came from one of the biggest Austrian war ships in the Danube fleet, and was fired onto the city of Belgrad
Reminds me a bit of an Austrian film from the early 90s. It's a mockumentary where a group of anthropologists/ethnologists from sub-saharan Africa go to Upper Austria to study the culture and of the natives
Switzerland: oh that would be great for us but bad for Swiss people :0
A bit, lol
Don't know about the Burgenland Croats, [but there's a least one Gym for Carinthian Slovenes]
1) if the smoking ban should be implemented or not (bring it on finally
I think certain groups of the Roma people do that in the Balkans (certainly not all Roma)
I honestly love it
I can hardly understand it so I think it can count as it's own language
Da beste Kas is imma nu Oachekas
PIS may want for Poles in the UK and Germany to return to the fatherland but that window may have already passed and a good proportion of those migrants may stay permanently there
English is too
Or better yet check in the internet on the offical websites of the Opera or the Musikverein etc
We are all living in a small village so things like this are really common, basicly most of my family lives nearby with the exception of 2 living in vienna, 1 living on the czech border and 1 living in poland
Apparently, that means that countries that have a ... different standard of human rights are becoming increasingly popular, as they are also emerging markets, therefore important for sponsors
I laughed about the 'not safe for Americans' tag :D
I tried to find it, but nothing turned up.
- salami calabrese (spianata calabra to be exact)
Americans seem to be under the impression that the EU is a country or has sovereignty over people living in Europe.
Oh okay
Da wäre es wirklich spannend, ob das von den nc-flüchtling-heimkehrern mitgebracht wurde, oder mehr das "exotisch- importiert" und urlaubsgefühl dazu beigetragen hat
But isn't that normal everywhere
correct me if i'm wrong, but Finland is not actually part of scandinavia
... and the worst part is, people apparently are *expecting* that shit now
It’s an institution in itself, never seen a single household without it
* Norbert Hofer, from the right wing FPÖ
It just doesnt work
If you don't add what you are refering to to the end but it has to be figured out from the context you use a new number system that standard german doesn't have (technicly it was once part of the standard but noone used it in standard german so they removed it)
probably stuck in my head for a week now :D
They complained about the lack of main dish and how Kaiserschmarrn alone would not make them full
It never did, even before standardisation
Simultaneously, they are also the most likely ones to emigrate
*'Gott erhalte Franz den Kaiser' intensifies*
For the single machine in the lab that actually was allowed an internet connection (and of course strictly forbidden to code on) mandated the use of Windows XP and IE 6 with the argument that their firewall is responsible for blocking all the evil things anyhow
To me this is the worst kind of "Christians" at least how this word is used here: People who want to keep the baggage that "religion" has soaked up over the centuries (conservativism, homophobia, xenophobia, ...) but want nothing to do with christian values (helping the poor, loving their "neighbour = foreigner", trying to be a better person yourselve before critizising anybody else) claim to be a "cultural christian".
Here a short twitter thread about some of it
We may have the people but we don't have the the money for the busses.
Because, as far as I know, double citizenship is not forbidden in Germany.
It's ok, we know you Danes aren't so good with numbers
Honestly I have the same problem, I'm often too nervous to say anything, so I usually hand them a sandwich without saying anything & when they thank me I just say "no problem" or wish them a good day
The lingonberry jam isn't as liquid and you usually just dip the piece you are going to eat in it
thank god i am in a conservative country...no change pls.
With 2 EU citizenships their votes count twice when it come to people sitting in the European Council (which is more a theoretical issue, but still)
So we I guess we agree on that
Fucking greedy sellouts, I bet half of the pro-voters got money from lobbyist for this while the other half is just plain stupid
Stoff isnt stuff
Well those countries didn't have nuclear warheads.
So my Belgian friend said jokingly: "Oh no, the Germans are coming
At least that's my experience
I don't think the player can sort out and ally against the Ottomans, there will be backstabbing and in the end Ottomans will win.
Because during this election, the two people who get the most votes, face each other in a final election
Yeah, exactly
I was about the send out my ballot for October 4th when they postponed it
they dont have a corrupt government.
> on average 325€/month
It's basically fast food, so some people eat it with ketchup
Led by Dollfuß.
If I hear Dutch tourists speaking it happens frequently that I understand most of what they say.
you moust admit she was in an quite abusive relationship for a while
It is still not certain it was an attack in the sinagogue
Little Brits are so mad about their biggest blunder of the century.
Star Wars Episode 2 and it's said by Anakin Skywalker
In the rual areas where the portions are almost always huge it is very common
It was often a bit weird because they let me feel that my French was not good enough . At some point I just stopped trying
- Mali
This means, that a lot of conservative voters or voters from the social-democratic party voted for either candidate because there was no candidate of their own party
It gets interesting when you are not sure if you are high enough to be informal
Am I both
Why would I be proud of something I had no part in creating, like the culture/the landscapes?
They even had a portrait of Dollfuß in their parties private chamber in parliament until a huge public outcry
In Austria, the Apprentice wasn't broadcast and afaik he doesn't have any hotels or other properties in Austria.
Not really because anyone evolves, more like hygiene standards got higher and people are much healthier now.
That cant be the reason, We are Team Catholic since the release and we still have tons of folklore including the mentioned "Wasserman".
I've never touched people and felt less touched at the same time
) My teacher told me too that everybody should know as much as possible about it, so that something like this never happens again
All they do is trying to broaden their influence and claim racism, when misuse of funds for islamic kindergardens is discovered.
The Norwegians are definitely better in that one
Which are each known for their particularly different dialects
Jetzt vorm Posten hab ichs aber noch entfernt, das "Cities" lies ich aber so stehen
But usual summer days are somewhere between 26 - 32.
Gig economy jobs are eroding worker's rights, and it's important that unions keep up with that
Although to be fair that expression was deliberately created by a PR agency
Usually not
This was what first got me interested in history.
You haven't lived in Austria for a few weeks/months/years, right?
Be consistent
Wels is like Linz without the good looking parts
City-Airport-Train - regular trains can be used fort like 1/5 of the price
In the east they like to prolong the pronunciation
These are insanely delicious
Sisi was an excellent and avid rider and even took lessons in circus horse riding
we had -13° Celsius, my ears almost fucking fell off because i forgot my hat
Look at his sister wrong and you're lucky to end up with a black eye.
But even better is the after-afterparty a month or so later when everything has been cleaned up
Fun fact, the Frontline Gamemod3 for World of Tanks was/is developed by a company in Austria
So obviously black people for examples wouldn't fit that description because most people in poland are white
I have one, since I did not own a drivers license for a long while and a passport is jusy too chunky to have with you every day :)
Christkind is still around in southern germany and Austria
: ' cavolfiore') = cauliflower  ...and so on
Good for him that he is not up for re-election in Sweden then.
I don"t sell swimming pools but my landlord keeps sending me pages files (I'm on windows) and corrupted PDFs
They drag us down with them
The ecosystems we created over the centuries in Europe have no place for wolves
You can get a country flair on the right
The EU and its citizens are strong enough to outlast this crisis.
I am sad that they seem to exist
Gotta say, its not that much better over here
(guy in his 30s for reference)
Austria - our thunbergistans are only going to be part of parliament again after the next vote
No, this is the first time I've seen either of these
Also the supermarket chain Hofer was founded in 1962 by Helmut Hofer and 5 years later taken over by Aldi Süd.
Please next prevent non-democratic countries (China) from buy shares in EU companies
So, accordingly, I thought of it as very catholic and mostly ruled by conservative parties (sorry for my prejudices :( ).
It's an EU law
It wasn't and the whole narrative came about in the 20s when all new nations had to justify their own existence
We have a saying: "Fascism is no opinion but a crime"
Still unclear
I don't get the appeal about standing and splattering piss droplets all over a perfectly fine toilet.
Both the French and Italian anthem fill me with pride for a country I’m not even a citizen of
On another note, I believe these weird dick-measuring contests over whose language is harder are stupid and pointless
Neither culturally nor ethnically.
Nothing about this is any complicated
Well obviously the 'Goldene Backhendlzeit' :^)
This seems somehow familiar, i dont know why though
A mouthwatering calorie bomb
I honestly learned so much from [this video] arte is an invaluable service
Maybe it's me, but I can't stand the lag
But this is also more of a fancy gourmet food thing
May I ask what did you do when you were here and also where you are from
Yeah but duct tape is only the big silver one as I understand
Sounds like he'd make a good, neutral president, right
Nah man, you're thinking of [this] one.
The train ticket back home thing is just a scam
Nah its not serious at all
Eh, it was one of the bricks that build up to today
Latvia it's rare to see anyone cleaning up after their dog at all.
Even if we allow that some countries have tolls and others don't and some have them for some highways only, and the prices will be different too, there should be a uniform electronic system for billing
But nothing is more annoying than Germans in Austria laughing at Austrian words like "haha lol 'Sackerl' learn German please"
- Butting in when Europeans play football
tbh, if I saw a boar with piglets here it would be the exact opposite rection of mine: I would make sure to get the fuck away from it
There are filters in reasonably modern stoves and as long as you don't burn wet wood there isn't a problem
I'd take a bath in the stuff
You guys listened to our radio
Not much has changed, huh
Shh, that's only relevant for concentration camps...
Maybe they shouldn't have tried so hard killing off Opel a few years ago and shoving Chevys up our asses.
I don't know
* RHI makes fire proof building materials
Reminds me of a story a guy told me
>But then again that’s what many German must think about Austrian dialects as well
We're dealing with different issues, we tend to have different allies, our economies are at a different level of development.
Thanks to an incompetent dentist I had to go through this)
scheiss preiss is the correct form
Don't forget the general pity that is given to Burgenland always
I'd probably visit Vienna sometime during the 19th century, when it was still the capital of a great empire
When I was little, the one cliché song for Italian settings always was "O sole mio", preferably sung by a gondoliere
I think she's supposed to be "pan-Latino" without any specifications (Mexican, Cuban, Puerto Rican etc
Austria: Just a bunch of Italians that think they are Germans.
Because they ask in every shop "Sackerl dazu
It's inevitable
I'm also barefoot 90% of the time at home
Members are usually citizens of their home country too, not only of the order alone
The way I usually hear people phrase it (me included) is that they're glad to be Austrian, rather than proud
Istanbul is a gigantic city with 15 million people.
KZ Mauthausen, without a doubt
Scho, oba
i thought they listen to scooter
or if they are clearly germans it is usually just Hallo (hello), because they look a bit confused when saying one of the above versions
It could very well similar to the feeling certain regions share with the capital (Wien vs
ours is 8 pages but 4 of them are for you to fill out the rest is for the agency and waivers you have to sign.
The thing with Vienna is, that it was not intended to be capital for tiny Austria but it was built to be the centre of hapsburg empire
You are correct that there used to be a banking secrecy but that is a) gone and b) that did not mean you could evade your taxes legally.
>lots of people do a terrible Sean Connery impersonation
Where I live it is like the slices of a pie
Man beginnt mit einem schrillen i, welches man schleifend in ein a rüberzieht
People like your neighbours, your trainer, your friends parents are probably all people you like but not close enough to to consider friends so the handshake-to-hug can't be performed on them.
Same thing with Austria btw
I think it's his actual granddaughter who is running
Germany is I think the only country in Europe where it's not legal to homeschool - and that's the big no-no for me.
>But the accent key software implementation is a mac thing as far as I know
Austrian German prefers the diminutive
r/askeuropeaboutgeorgia ?
Just in the middle of the day and back to work
Banana pessego
What
I would honestly like to know how many Power Plants are close to complete failure
Every woman and man who contributed to the space race is a hero in my book
From the way the question is asked, it makes it more likely that they are scared of soap.
If even
I've honestly never seen that
No breaks between lessons except 15min break between 3-4 no breaks after that
I can't think of one honestly
My first boyfriend was french and he didn’t take his shoes off in the house when he came over to have dinner with my family, and then proceeded to talk about how great french wine is and that wine from Vienna has a weird taste that he doesn’t like, etc
I thought they were made legal before that but it seems I remember it wrong
* "o Gott
How do the daily tests compare in the USA vs
I hate it
On one hand you got our state news "ORF" wich Reports on facts and confirmed statements
The best should be at the top because they're the most qualified and not because someone would deem it racist or discriminating.
[Yes it does, but almost nobody has one
So, more money is better than less money.
I personally don't understand why the standardized European driving license isn't recognized within the EU as an ID
I love Vienna, it's the world's most livable city
It could have been some russian dude which got special prevelege.
You cant go there by bus, and the fees are exorbitant
When I went to the US, someone told me that a friend of them went to Germany and thought it would be funny if he did the Hitler salute when getting off the plane
Then there are 20000 burgenlandkroaten that speak that special croatian dialekt and that dialekt is an offical minority language
if I lived there I would go for bottled water too
I wouldn't bother with retirement funds or investing before paying off all debt and establishing an emergency fund.
South Tyrol (Italy) or Bavaria (Germany)
He won 86 world cup races during his career
– The captive escaped
Why does this not surprise me in the slightest lmao
> Calling stuff gay
Yeah, Austria joined Germany because of an Ultimatum from Hitler to Schuschnigg, who ordered the military to not resist the Wehrmacht
The Austrian nation is a fiction to them.
What do you expect
It's called "Fristenlösung".
Edit: Ok
AFAIK other places like switzerland give their local countries even more rights than us but still
I am pretty sure that a lot of the stuff that american engineers do is often done by normal worker (Facharbeiter) in Austria or germany
You might counter that with the EU Denmark has achieve unmatched prosperity, however I state that this is the case for both large and small countries and has nothing to do with the miniscule size of Denmark today
He was denounced personally by a high functional several times within the party
Honestly until the day I knew that there was a chain called Aldi I didn't see the A at all.
it was some slur that this girl used while claiming that rapes in Spain are only committed by foreigners
When I was in Copenhagen the Little Mermaid was lent to Shanghai.
Generally it's still a lot easier to buy alcohol though, since it is legal.
Aww yess, we got bronze
I've never heard anyone express this opinion, not even very old people
Interestingly, in scientific topics the German wiki is sometimes even better, more extensive, or at least has different information compared to the English one
There is a bit of a difference between "not cooperating" and deliberatly setting up a system to deceive.
Which roughly translates to:
Ah okay
The balkan was where our "colonies" were
Kann man fragen warum du dich als Liechtensteiner ausgibts
*Something* awful along the same lines would have happened in 20th century Europe
What did I miss
I think it's just the dialect word for "Laibchen", atleast that's the way how it works in Austria.
However campaigns might look differently in such a system...?
[We usually catch them when we encounter some wild ones
>Puntigamer vs
Stephan's Cathedral, Schönbrunn Castle, St
I'm tyrolian and I feel like all the other Austrians like my accent as it is quite harsh and sounds a bit brutal, compared to the eastern Austrian dialects
Not very
Because Russia fears that the Ukraine leans towards the west, also militarily.
I don't get why people correct colloquial conversations...
Ams Ag - Microchip company, specialized in optical sensors
You'd sneak through lavish balls and assassinate rich aristocrats and industry magnates, sabotage the construction of some nobleman's palais along the Ring avenue, blend into the crowd while eavesdropping on some artists or scientists debating in one of the coffee houses, visit doctor Freud's office and go riding through the green and hilly countryside around the city
Europabrücke (Bridge of Europe) in Tyrol, Austria - once the highest bridge in Europe (1963-1974)
Of course each country was a completely different experience.
It doesn't count if you only do it once, it's a best of 3
The politics in the 70s/80s were also very good for it's time, especially under chancellor Kreisky
Autobahn just happens to be the German word for highway, therefore the whole network is called Autobahn.
it’s mostly phrases like "Jetzt erst recht" or "THC Strache" that are used ironically they ain’t real templates tho
Thats not a German saying, thats the name of god in parts of the bible and used everywhere in the world
Tyrol shall finally be re-united under the new name of Rhode Island.
Whitout the US/UK fuck up in Iraq and Syria we wouldn't have the refugee crisis.
So it's really just the same conspiracies from the övp today as it was back then
they actors are swedish
Deportations are not enforced, they just stay.
If handing over Gibraltar ever comes on the table be sure that the rest of the EU will also have an opinion about that
Hard to believe
Woher kommst du
Also, I love that TV show on eitb where they talk about movies
Don't go to /r/de
Parona	IT
Also, a lot of Gastarbeiter already speak it (at least a bit) - so it's a good base for learners in Eastern Europe
Steirisch i:
Same here
Usually there's no rage on the road, except when you see a car with a "W" on the license plate.
He also said something about politics being above the law but I can't remember what he said exactly though
The traditional version also is really puffed up as well
Do they really do that
It's a hard race haha
One gives you the ability to go to university
Zer moduz
And if the only thing that changes is pronunciation, there is no point in writing dialect
Univ
Do you have a link to the agreement on the latest debt relief?
I'd say Jack Unterweger
Who is doing that
don't worry, totally unthinkable here as well
I love hearing people speak in korean, it just has this melody to it that i like
So yeah we have those paper tickets but those are for tourists who don't want to install the app and old people
Your Asian massage story is my favorite
In Romania as well
That's why I said nobody knows him here.
Not sure what any of this has to do with tax doging.
I don't even live in the mountains but around 280m and the whole of May was rainy and June had about 4 days of sunshine so far, at this point I would kill for 2 weeks of 40 degrees
In elementary school: Frau Lehrerin/Herr Lehrer
000 Chinese people from certain death
I am a weirdo
Das ist ja verrückt
The beginning scenes of Prometheus were shot here, amazing area this Isle of Skye.
In Austria however, I often consume less than most of my friends
Can't we get someone willing to severely restrict immigration that isn't a nutjob?
Logic and facts at work
Thinking about it a bit longer, there are way more problems for a joined curriculum.
My valley is extremely rural and traditional
But I wouldn´t want to have an encounter with a wild boar in the forest
Or just a Leberkassemmerl
- I drink a lot of coffee
So is Switzerland
>	another major difference - SPACE
best reaction would probably be to start explaining to them how it works, pretending to think that they don't have any one home, considering they're so excited about it
It was a horrible song, and the singer didn't even manage to stay on key
hah funny coincidence that that's exactly how we do it here: no refills or hovering waiters, very little tipping
Also not very memorable
Small victories
com and prepare to be amazed even more
What about me
You have a link for me where I can read it
Cause we care about privacy
Before Schengen, the border police of Hungary once nearly arrested us when we mistakenly got into the wrong lane, then drove under a lorry barrier and turned around to get back to the other side and into the right lane.
Der Butter
the price
I can only recommend spontaneous trips like that
Wait I heard Wochenendmelancholie too somewhere but I can‘t pinpoint where
In real numbers he's about 100
\-rant over
yeah nothing has changed then
Maximilian I borrowed so much money from Jakob Fugger for the imperial elections that he had to pawn off all the silver mines of the new world making Jakob the richest man in history with personal control of around roughly 2% of Europe's entire GDP of that time which translates to around 400 billion USD of today's money.
Adding a bit of lemon juice or cowberries, or even ketchup is fine tho
I'm not a very careful person
Rather, they are very unlikely to be.
Especially because Standard German is just kinda naturally replaced with umgangssprache or dialect in my head, while dialect is just needlessly specific dialect
Birds are government surveillance drones
We would most likely write "reden" instead) so wie wir schreiben
My history professors consider the Vinča or old european script as the oldest script in history.
All we have is insinuations, as always.
more social workers), and it continues to be an issue around certain hot spots (mostly train or subway stations)
How do you send videos or photos to people who don't have Facebook?
Haben Sie Englisch gelernt und sich einfach an die ungeschriebenen Regeln internationaler Verträge gehalten
We had a few disputes with the turks, but those were ~500 years before WWI
No difference in respect or politeness levels, just different things that are perceived as polite or respectful
Und wer sagt, dass es die Wehrpflicht nur in Österreich gibt
I guess by city of Milan you mean the greater Metro area?
You mean GDP per capita
Search for the word in /r/Austria and there are quite a few posts
I prefer the heat from these to the central heating
Came here to see this
Polls in 2006 showed, that as much as 81% of Austrians disagreed with Turkey joining the EU
It is also the oldest, unless you count Prague which is no longer part of that region/category
Well if it was just merkel and schäuble, but most european goverments think that way.
It is - but there are two different kinds of secondary school
South Africa around cape town/Stellenbosch or 1 of the Caribbean nations like St Lucia
One died after 6 days, two at 2 years old and another one at 6 years old.
Well I went there to party but not in clubs or bars.
It was like an unspoken deal
next to Essen and Darmstadt, off the top of my head I can think of:
Hitler never considered himself Austrian and hated Austria and the Habsburg
> Wtf is a Kellernazi, never heard about that ~~impression~~ expression
" (= "oh god")
It's the last name of the chef/author
Well tbh, when I'm abroad, I'd gotten used to saying that I was from Austria and, when I was met with strange looks, following that up with "the country south of Germany
\- Brits, probably
The city itself is great though
-My deck of Yu-Gi-Oh cards was stolen in school when I was 12
- Something that is "behmisch"/"böhmisch" or bohemian is something that is a knock-off, a poor imitation or cheap quality (sorry neighbours)
Yes and there is a separate one for each religious group
And in the end the Swiss themselves didn't want them.
A pile of Steve Irwin DVDs can be seen burning in the background.
I very much love the UK and I'd love the idea of a swap, but you wouldn't learn much German in Austria, non of us speak it :D
and i thought French are weird with their 4 times 20 :D
The beer was great, the guys were funs after a few of them and the girls ... well thats another story
Vienna is the Capital of Vienna, and Salzburg is the Capital of Salzburg :P
This way you can support us
It was a rather turbulent day back then
Loose-leaf binders (as often used for "side" subjects like Biology etc) could normally also be any color you liked (at least after elementary school (= first 4 grades)
before, it was a thing only in some coastal areas
After spending 6 months in the US - I have to say degree Fahrenheit.
Do they have it with sauce
So going from region to region you can confuse people quite a bit if they are not used to interact in the multiple forms of time announcement
Since the first of November
I fear a christmas/new year with a big spike incoming
One man's very welcome comic relief is another man's super insensitive boundary stomp
I know the content is in German but it translates quite well with Google.
Here's ours decked out with traditional Styrian ornaments.
I think they are supposed to represent the different classes in the country
Got any verifiable data or statistics?
Vancouver is on the west coast.
It is a memorial for the first victims of the Nazi and it explicitly reminds us to never let that happen again
If you were walking past them, aren't you too far away by the time they can answer you?
Just the view from a foreigner (who never saw Star Wars): La Sagrada Familia is the only one I _didn‘t_ have to google, because I knew right away, but the other two are pretty iconic too (I didn‘t know the name but I they did look very familiar)
Hebrew for sure, absolutely fascinating language
They wish they didn't have to play for it.
Doesn't change a thing for the other 90%.
... thinking about it, it did kinda make sense, especially their names
I've seen those youtube videos claiming the only true way to peel a banana is doing it bottom up, but peeling them using the stem as a lever (how is common here) works better for me.
After that, and up until noon, it's Vormittag dammit
not necessarily rural (which Shoplifters also isn't?), but imho there's various good "chav life" movies, [Fish Tank] being among the best ones, it's a gut-wrenching mix between Kids, Cuties, and The Florida Project
Well, my military stategic knowledge largly stems from the Civ games, so take it with a grain of salt, but I'd say in real life, you only send an army if there is even the slightest chance that they can achieve their objective.
I had a biology teacher explain to my class what transsexuality is, but the thing she was actually explaining was intersexuality
'Viking' is actually a word for raid.
&#x200B;
this means irreversibly changing their culture.
The problem is telling them apart
Sandler
Sounds cheap compared to BER
Die anderen reden aber ned viel anders
I think it's because everyone knew someone who was in the war or with the Nazis at the time
sauce is way better as well
you guys seem to be pretty steady on this chart #q=poland+population&*
It's not with Almdudler as you would get it in bars, but rather with more of a lemon flavor.
Spain and Portugal will suffer less because they have former colonies from which people migrate because of the shared language but Southern Italy and especially Greece will suffer
I don't do cocaine in Ibiza :(
I think the crime rate per capita is actually quite high due to tourists and the low absolute population
Weird, I've a gmx account, too, and don't get the newsletter ... can you tag it as spam or something
> Why can't atheist just let the Christians be and vice-versa
Not gonna lie, that's kinda genius
I have 125mbit for 32€ and could get 500mbit or even gigabit if I wanted
But we don‘t have a fight with each other or smth
>I don't know his songs
Main reason for that is that social security payments in Austria are tripple that of wages in some of the poorer parts of Romania and eastern Slovakia, which are quite close
Exploring nature
There are many universities that teach any kind of engineering too, as far as I know
Most Likely [Dornbirn]
Maybe for small, non-Euro countries but not in the Eurozone.
As long as you get into a high school and get a Matura of any sort, you can go to Uni, regardless of what you did from ages 10-14
You...[we still hate you] You deserve no snow and no joy in your lives!
I've never been to the US and I have no idea what's the difference between all these American states.
In a united Europe and a globalised world it only makes sense to allow multiple citizenships
Both organizations are highly corrupt deep into their cores
Which is true for the whole of Mediterranean.
It's because we usually add new buildings to really old ones, but this was built new from the ground up, so it all looks really modern
Sounds like you live in a pretty right wing bubble to be honest
Well at the moment there are polices officers with assault rifles in public places like train stations
good enough if you just need emails fetched from somewhere
If you want to stay as flexible as possible, buying tickets and booking ho(s)tels just as you go, it might be a bit more expensive than researching for bargains in advance.
Absolutely nothing the ECJ could do about that.
There are pushes for it here and there, although small
And yet you told it wrong
Not sure, I know that the term is very old and used by older people
I should have realized my oversight sooner by spelling it all out though :)
We also have Arme (arms) and Armee (army) but I see where the connection is in this case
We also don't depend on fraternities for partying, because we can go to clubs/bars/etc at 18.
Longterm
Well I can see the concept would work, it would be much different of course
(very) rough translation:
No wonder a large portion of the population is fat
Generally Bavarian and Austrian dialect is kinda similar (helps that I live very close to Bavaria) while still noticeable different.
otherwise the problem will get worse and worse.
* Some guy with a Machete and in Lederhosen went to the Hofburg (where our presidents office is) and said he wanted to talk to our president
Its time for the cut
Oh my, mid 2000s German TV Humour
There's a great weaponry and armour museum there among other things
It's really fuckin hard to avoid the shitshow of epic proportions that every US election is
> You guys got labeled as Florida
TLDR; In Austria we have a nuclear power plant
Don't get me wrong
I found that pretty neat
It gains a little bit more publicity as a zero waste alternative nowadays
I think I only met one person in my life who was for it, but he also wanted to torture the families of non-violent offenders to death, as long as they were (insert scapegoat of the week here).
go through the election without any further problems, it's already embrassing and annoying enough
A working knowledge should be required
I'd also add [this picture] to the list
Personally, while I wouldn't say the Austrian Empire (and later Austria-Hungary) was a force of good, it definitely wasn't evil as it is sometimes portrayed
Used ketchup
This guy is in panic, He is afraid that he will no longer be able to rip countries off on trade.
It all goes in the same direction of "the international Jewry is out for 'us' [i.e. white Europeans or whatever]".
Unless everyone does it, you'd look whack as hell at a funeral
It's Rapunzel **and her twins**, which apparently she got in the meantime (remember those "visits"?)
That still makes them German companies in my opinion
I mean what means "Hiafla
Normal police is all federal police here
The 24 official EU languages (i.e. the EU publishes its laws and stuff in those languages, and MEPs hold speeches in those languages) are: Bulgarian, Croatian, Czech, Danish, Dutch, English, Estonian, Finnish, French, German, Greek, Hungarian, Irish*, Italian, Latvian, Lithuanian, Maltese, Polish, Portuguese, Romanian, Slovak, Slovene, Spanish, Swedish
I.e. dogwhistles
“ so he basically said what I said -> it’s an internal Spanish matter which does not affect anyone else and had to be solved there
Agreed, not so bad here
A crown for aristocracy, a hammer for workers and a sickle for farmers
Macron is 2nd Hollande in disguise.
In German, a box is a (portable) speaker
Hahaha, I kind of expected this one to be top comment
Yes
Going home after work I sometimes pass screaming and fighting, extremely drunk, drugged or otherwise crazy people, I'd say it happens about once or twice a week
Stipends usually depend on the income of your parents.
I don't think it would be a good idea to let hordes of uneducated, nationalistic, violent and overly religious zealots storm our continent
It's awesome
We did the Cool trips above all in elementary school
Danish ice cream is second to none
Enjoy
There will be governments that go "fuck consumers, retailers can round how they want".
Opening times of supermarkets and stuff are too tight and chances  if you work longer than 6pm and are stuck in traffic you won't make it to the supermarket
I just see how Mohamed's message of love and peace is received in the Islamic world and how loving and peaceful Muslims are.
But I must say: these are my personal experiences living in Vienna and moving in the circles I do
Well, I suppose you could make an assassins creed that leads to a world war
Are there any official communication channels from the EU commission, that give details about what that deal will most likely include, or what has been negotiated so far
So you could say it "came out of" Slovakia
Did they also make fun of their reddit name
Linsen mit Knödel (lentils with dumplings) or goulash for me
She exclusively uses public transport
the association of ski resorts with rich people
There's one in linz
I love Trump & I exclusively date american men.
I just basically look at them and asked them if they were serious
But alpine skis, not cross-country skis like you nordics
I don't mind having a common sink-area either (like I also saw in St.
I doubt they'd risk an all out war with the US
I think it‘s just an official unofficial word
Also, there's barely variations in occasions
They can't stop you doing it but they don't have to do you any favors if you break your agreements.
That's the nature of companies
Quintessential Vienna, it features a lot in the city's own musical genre Wiener Lied, but also in Alpine song
I assume most Maori kids also know a certain amount of English already(?), so Spanish would make sense I guess
Minimum wage
If you fly over Aruba, maybe
why the vote isn't fair, or just, or worth anything.
The normal dialects are spoken by nearly everyone and are not a minority language
Well it's jam and not sauce
I’m a woman who lives in Vienna
The problem is that many anti-choicers do not care
Definitely more common in Austria too.
To me that's the real beauty of history and i wish that schools would rather focus on how all regions and aspects (technology, politics, health and desease, climate, art, etc) all work together and over time brought us to where we all are now
I wondered why poland has such a high score, because it seems very conservative.
Should be met with a prison sentence, unbelievable
Also funny, the highest quota was Germany becoming soccer worldchampion
I could image this being less existent in privately run hospitals
Yep, along the danube, especially in the Wachau
No one ever suggested that those people should be vaccinated
Bees are important butthey are not only one who pollinate plants
Ich lerne ihm Y.
So it started a huge movement where Austria wanted to be apart of Germany and viewed themselves as Germans
And yeah, there isn't any good German word for "not sweet". Take that, people who say German has a word for everything ;)
You allow a designated terror organisation to hold rallies with even its leader giving a speech via internet
It would enlighten a lot of (especially older) people
Since the reflectors work differently, having both on you can definitely help, especially if you consider the recco a fallback plan (should you forget to turn to "send", should its electronics fail, should you lose it due to some reason)
some pretty much like everywhere else?
Beuschl (upper innards, or specifically lung), Hirn mit Ei (brain with scrambled eggs), Kutteln (tripe - i.e. cow stomach), ...
Even renting an apartment is crazy expensive
Scary
They went through it and told the teacher that this exam is invalid and she had to ask me different questions which they checked in the notes
But our language didn't spread there
" Don't. Period
And the borders between f, v and w are overlapping in German in general
Even if she wasn't from Vorarlberg ;)
It is a cultural difference based on historic facts and its a fast and detailed description of the difference we feel if we compare the "Germans" we like with the "Germans" we don't like.
Even with Michael Fassbender in Inglourious Basterds, it's totally obvious
The serbs in Austria are against more immigration because the new immigrants make it harder for them to find jobs and living space.
Every time I read this tired, overused, and just flat out wrong and revisionist joke on reddit I almost get an aneurysm
Being Contra-EU is not being Pro-Independence, it's being Contra-Democracy
Be prepared for a crazy urban-rural divide in Austria once again.
Especially considering that a lot of people also go on holidays in warmer regions
Today there is a fixed date its celebrated on, I think its September 29th
I'd say that my English speaking skills are pretty good, but the *thr(V)* constellation still is hard for me
Just because *we live in a society* doesn't mean people can't take a stance
"Is a schen woam
I'm not from the UK but I think this is where you can get information:
Yeah you are right, I think it's the pornographic depiction of it or something alike, or a certain degree of violence which is allowed in Austria but not ion Switzerland
Never heard or read anyone claim the concentration camps were built and/or operated by the Polish people
Enter the lottery for seats next year before february - cheapest tickets start for 20€.
The witch puts Rapunzel into the tower, because she is such a beautiful child
Russia should rather concentrate on carries the size of the CdG instead of such a gigantic behemoth.
- thinking we're German
Let's swap
Never saw it like that
Dude is nuts
When I was living in the UK i don't remember anything security wise even for your GP.
We just go by foot
I'm open to all kinds of debate as long as they're civil and based on facts, not on internet rumors or stereotypes.
And yes, my circle of friends had also people who didn't drink or smoke
The real good recipes are written, erased, corrected and rewritten on paper and stashed away by countless grandmas around the country in scrapbooks.
>Some could save a lot, but they spend everything
* [The cult wagon of Streetweg] a bronce wagon from 600BC.
Oh my
Yeah, but I do think that was not what he meant with this statement.
My Russian is pretty limited
Who tf name herself Lil Kleine (Little little one)?
Same here
We have a "wefachee problem"? News to me
Therefore it's more conservative and one of the only German dialects which still has the Genitive case.
Not "extended" ones
Islamist terrorism against a Christian monument
I also want the UK to be able to regulate in new and innovative ways and test that regulation against the EU's regulation.
Poland: you have many beautiful cities like Wroclaw, Kraków, Gdańsk and so many more
Ok I will think of that next time we‘re supposed to look into the future :3 (I always sound passive aggressive when I use sarcasm, don‘t mind that, I love you <3)
i really want to go to a bar with some friends soon
I've never heard of that happening in Austria, if you are connected to water service
Richard Löwental said summed it up perfectly: "The Austrians wanted to become Germans, till they became Germans"
My last and biggest crush is Germany
Concentration of industries will happen whether the EU becomes more federal or not.
>ii) the same studies also show that the risk of heart attacks drops after the change back to standard time in winter, indicating that the body never fully adapted to summertime
But less comfy, and much much more expensive, and harder to fix
Here the church is something old and many even hate it
But I don't care about what is better on average (over I guess multiple latitudes, which skews the results a lot)
Well, "Auferstanden aus Ruinen" i guess.
i just started the part of blacklist where the one guy goes to germany and none of the people involved are german natives and i can‘t concentrate because their german is just so bad
I'd like to point out that the diminuitive -erl isn't used in South Tyrol, its only used in Eastern Austria.
A politician in a completely corrupt system.
Speaking of Hundertwasser, I recently learned that he was a monarchist
Spoilers: The major party licks the big capitalist's boots and is potentially stuffed to all hell
I once wished an american girl Happy Easter, and she was extremely surprised that I knew what Easter is, and that we celebrate it in Austria too.
Stop reminding me
Agreed - here is one example: The Austrian train service offers reduced tickets called "Sparschiene" for fast trains (the ones where you need to pay extra with en EuRail pass) to other european cities.
I also think that Amsterdam kinda got that rep for how they deal with drugs in general
It meaning foreign has probably something to do with us calling the Province of Trentino in Italy 'Welschtirol'.
You pick it
We couldn't sleep until very late, and constantly looked out of the window to check if we could see the Hobagoaß somewhere in the dark
Seiko, founded 1891 in Heidelberg by Hans-Friedrich Seiko
It seems they count some UN mandate missions (such as ISAF) as wars
It’s a historical monument, no question about that
Rotax produces 2 and 4 Stroke engines, mainly for Bombardier, but also other Businesses
Not exactly a commmon word to confuse but I got a funny story.
For me it would be the [Grimming] The highest isolated peak in Europe
OP doesn't know when he will need the money and shouldn't invest into bonds, the same way he shouldn't invest into stocks, because his Anlagehorizont is too short.
I don't know but Austrians usually put eggs in the fridge
She's no more crooked than any other politician.
Also, on the flight I was sitting next to some coughing old men first and luckily the stewardess asked me if I wanted to move up two rows to an empty row
Also, Bosnia was essentially a colony, even if it wasn't *really* a colony
* 1451 The duke became HREs emperor
Range extender vehicles are somewhat similar in concept
I often call a fan a ventilator
Now we know who voted against that declaration
Yes they are - they are so common, that we hardy think of them as "actually deriving from 2 words".
"Kannst mir schnell das Salz geben"
I liked it better when Eastern Europe was Austria
maybe you guys will learn someday
:O How could I not think of Tom Turbo ...
>Is this generation obsession an American thing
well that may be easy in your country
Especially afteg we kicked out the Germans 4 years earlier
Usually pajama-style clothes
Itnsometimes happens when you talk to people who don't know too much about classical music and / or don't lieten to it
Would make my everyday life much easier
So does Heidi Klum
Reagan was an awful human being in and out
Not dollars
I am able to save about 400€ a month but I have a lot of hobbys and I‘m not really frugal
Especially great about this one is that they were sold unnoticed for years already.
as it is [already]idiom
I didn't find any strong opinions from any party in Austria regarding nuclear fusion, what are you basing your statement on
Nope, never heard of that guy, I barely ever use Youtube
The allied powers made us keep their memorials intact forever after leaving, and we aren't allowed to remove them
And because I was under 18 my parents didn't have to pay any deductibles
If you like details so much, you shouldn't forget that Hitler lost his austrian citizenship in 1914 when he went to WWI for Germany
Czech Republic: That they always get lost in our mountains and need to be saved by a rescue squad and helicopters.
Much moreso than the far-right, they stand for erosion of the middle class, dismantling the welfare state, and privatisation
- A "französische Dusche" or French shower is when you are in need of a shower, but just use a large amount of deodorant or similar things instead
Like, I drank 3 (small) beers  while others only 1
>"This is why we can't enjoy our Wednesdays
Luckily there is a cinema in my city that plays all movies non-dubbed
But there simply is something about snow that makes people feel good about it
The last ones are simply laws that were pushed into constitutional rank by special quorum (and also by naming it to be in constitutional rank) but I wouldn´t consider them to be the "constitution" itself
* der gefangene Floh – the captured flea
Then again, I kind of understand that
Ehhhhhh
When your government is doing such a terrible job that they even make fucking Matteo Salvini look like a competent person who knows what he's doing, something is seriously not going well
Now that‘s a power move
It would feature a soundtrack with Elton John trying to yodel while singing the tragic ballad of Alm-Öhi
If they didn't have economic problems they could pay for some prostitutes, but sadly they have to relieve their sexual frustration through other means.
So I'd guess that you might save around 300 a month if you live cheaply or might just scrape by in Vienna if you are not eligible for a subsidized flat
Ganz in Austria is a really beautiful City
It's part of the West Central German group, and thus part of the High/Upper German family
Many students live in apartments all over the city and do their own thing.
Well I guess only Südtirol yes, whole Italy definitely not
You especially see this phenomenon in the public sector which is one of the biggest employees here but still they hardly write out job offers
Burning wood is climate neutral
A "similar" case
A better translation would be the christ child, but baby jesus sounds cuter/more absurd
As the crises spread interest rates for for the PIGS (Portugal, Italy, Greece, Spain) began to rise but through the Euro these countries had no way of helping their economy by for example devaluing their currency
I lived for seven years on and off in Hungary - never had the impression you are describing
The proclamation of the republic was a "guess we're doing that now" type situation
because you're a fucking stranger, mate.
This also works much better to install a large range of decentralized solar installations which is what you need.
People being on federal land, and also people being chased from rural private properties by shotgun-weilding grandpas
It reads like a fever dream
It has a few different branches but it tends to be a center right approach to centrist approach with christian trade unions
Especially when the country is older than the federal state
Orthography is the biggest mess since French tho :)
I just wanted to say that from my perspective Germany's and Switzerland's relationship seems much closer than the Austrian-Swiss one
at least in the bigger citys, most of them consist of maybe 50% moderate conservatives and 50% liberals (sort of).
Welcome to the Club
Nevertheless, originally moving in here from Timișoara, Romania’s third biggest city, Vienna gives me more of an oversized village vibe rather than a big city one
Don't take it all too seriously
Russian, Polish, Hungarian, Romanian, Bulgarian, Croatian (and Serbian
If Bavaria really wanted to break away, the German CC isn't going to stop them.
If they're not hungry at the moment they most probably will be in a couple of hours, so they will accept the food no matter what
Die Ähnlichkeit mit dem lateinischen Auster für „Südwind“ und terra australis für das „Südland“ Australien ist zufällig
I don't think its working and it is unnecessary
Graz guided tour, we went in a tunnel and came out inside the clock tower, cool the see it once from the inside)
If i compare it with something like law internships this is VERY good
Spitze of the morgens to ya
I only knew it used from the annoying Kidw ho always wants to win, as it's the only thing which beats two other things
In general though I would expect something called "Schnaps" to be a clear, 80 proof liquor smelling and tasting like the fruit that was fermented and distilled.
The society and culture you're living in and grew up is the key.
However I see the possibility of a potential conflict over who gets to be top and who bottom
I'm not a fan of such referendums because, let's say how it is, people have no fuckin' clue about things that complex.
And Germany puts sauce on their Schnitzel
Its so confusing
He continues to "visit" her, and brings her pieces of cloth every time, so she can make a ladder and get down herself
So whenever they dig up something, or build new houses anywhere in those areas of Vienna, they find some antique shit, and then a team of archeologists come and take a look at it
You mean "Dem land Tirol die Treue"?
>I mean, corruption is inherent to an autocracy / dictatorship, so that's why corruption scandals didn't exist / uncovered, because things simply weren't recorded or if they were, it wouldn't matter
Her husband got it for her – from a witches garden
Can you hear it
My room temperature is 18°
It happened at night though (like 10
[The other half is giving interviews interviews to French journalists]
both, [Vanille-Kipferl] [Anisbögen] [Rumkugeln] and [Kokosmakronen] are usually made for the season.
We did build our neutrality after WW2 according to Switzerlands neutrality though, so he's not wrong.
Doesn't that mean that you had 3 years to enroll?
Apart from that it is also associated with some of the few acts of Austrian resistance against the Nazi regime
Understanding actually
Just watching an Austrian documentation about what was going in just in Austria, in that was insanly much and many things Not covered in History lessons
I wänt tö ünsee it
That's the Austrian spirit
Try it and report back :P
I can‘t imagine anybody not learning as much as I did
That's almost all shirts from run-of-the-mill stores like H&M. Most have something to do with sports, California, surfing, or boats
The categories are not only nonsensical and random ("Old Europe", "Fag Hags" like what), the "borders" are also really off.
It shouldn't matter whether the winning 75 million votes came from one state, ten, or all of them, what matters is that that many people voted for a certain candidate
... A network based MineSweeper
Most germans are begging me to speak propper german, i mean ... why should i speak propper german if i allready speak a superiour version of german
"Nice, I actually know someone from [insert random German city]"
Many of my close relatives, includign my great-grandfather, were massive Nazis and Hitler supporters early on before and after the Anschluss, so believe me, I know this stuff better than anyone
The situation is similar to Netherlands/Holland and UK/England in that the biggest/most prominent region is sometimes erroneously used to refer to the whole country.
Es tut mir echt leid, aber ich verstehe nur Bahnhof
Imo, there are a lot of these small cultural details that are shared by "germanic" countries (scandinavia, DACH, maybe netherlands and iceland)
If you aren't an avid skier there is nothing about snow to like
Sometimes we have snow at the end of February or beginning of March
Cannabis Laws from the Netherlands
Just as much as everywhere else where money is involved
Their dialect sounds like barking
so thank you
I forgot the last game existed until just now
Antisemitism in general - I am not talking about the holocaust, the hostility against Jewish people didn't just come out of nowhere during the Nazi regime and in central Europe it unfortunately has a long history with constant persecutions and massacres
Migrants might, asylum seekers or people granted asylum likely not.
Made great goals for playing football
I'm not saying, that America should make an universal millitary service or that they should steal the chilled culture, but they maybe should reevaluate what can they actually do better without saying "in Switzerland it works too so we can have our guns wherever and whenever you want". Even in Switzerland, nobody is wearing guns
I'd avoid sneakers, sweatpants, or baggy clothes; nothing with logos on it; nothing too casual; and nothing too colorful
Is Austria anything other that "Skiing Place" in these maps.
It's not a movie we're fond of.
Also this conversation was 2 days ago, I don‘t want to start this conversation about wether Austrians are German or not while many Germans call Mozart German while Hitler was 100% Austrian all over again
Guys, I remember ALL of these shows.
PIS may want for Poles in the UK and Germany to return to the fatherland but that window may have already passed and a good proportion of those migrants may stay permanently there
We do have standardised austrian german as our national language, as you can find it in the Österreichischem Wörterbuch OP linked to - don't mix up austrian standard german with dialects.
It's weird if you don't use articles in front of names.
Book ahead to save cost.You'll need to calculate seperately for every destination whether it will pay off to pay for an overnight train or to pay for a hotel+an equivalent daytime train.
Like everybody knows it is some subpar shit, but people just accepted it
I'm not really into weed or drugs so I don't know anything haha
Not necessarily a historical event, but I got the impression that especially Americans have quite a different view on how we handled the Nazi era and especially the time afterwords
Especially when the feet heat up indoors
I have a Polish grocery store around the corner
3rd world war
Nice Irony
In Austria as well
Two Asian tourist groups started a fight in St
What changes do you think are necessary?
PS: Latvia has easily the most attractive women I've ever seen
why is Germany's name in other languages derived from so many different tribes that lived in the area (Germans, Saxons, etc), but none of them are fully grasping or including all historical peoples in their name for the country
There's overlaps, and there's a little room in between, but very little
No, not at all
Newspapers have taken to using shitstorm which I find rather nice 'xyz hat einen Shitstorm verursacht indem er/sie/es blablabla'
You're kind of making my point aren't you?
They are already big in Austria (which is a reason why we are also fat) but it is no comparison
You do however have a word for the solution to Wackelkontakt, which i envy you for: percussive maintenance
That's what i was thinking too, hm.
At first I thought she was lifting her skirt
It also drastically increases the amount of toxic stuff thats being released
From 10-13 I had this awesome English teacher, she was strict af but after those 4 years grammar really stuck with me
I am from austria and i am glad it is like this
[I like this one]
my honest opinion is that Poland, and this might be true in some variation for most of former "Eastern Europe", expected so much more from the EU
Also they never went to a shopping mall which was odd for me
Not only expensive, but shit in comparison.
English isn‘t an option here, it’s one if the main subjects every single school no matter what and every class has
You would be fine (I assume) in most of Western Europe, especially in touristy areas and larger cities.
Wow the french version is one of the worst dubs I've seen so far
Gösser
It's important to note that it is *not* a a strictly defined set of letters that you have to adhere to for all of your life
As far as I can tell it's always pronounced as i or ü, or something in between those two
It re-established Austria as a sovereign nation and concluded 10 years of allied occupation
Edit: Unless you're hiking
Sounds good, Austria approves
etc
Further more there are some big organisations such as uno, opec and iaea, that have offices here
Canada would be an obvious choice I think, but it could be that the weather is too much of a bother.
I'm actually not entirely sure if they are presold mixed here
Austrian German (our standard language) isn't declining at all
Possible here at least, I guess people think it's too much of a nuisance to install it
As far as I know there's not much of a difference in Austria - I think we have to pay capital gains taxes at the end of the year if our investments rose in value during the year.
We had to provide all of our own art supplies, but with our student ID from there we got a discount in some art supply stores
I think his name is actually Complaçiento - wicked Brazilian player, that guy
Also at least here there is tons of other email providers, so it's not like gmail would have a that dominant position
Yeah, like way easier doing buisness over borders and not being depended on changing currency evaluations!
"Sou you're basically german right
German is pretty flat, whereas English is more up and down
There's also plenty of non-Germanic old-timey names
I would add Voest Alpine to that
Don't you dare to tell me that the "Energyring" for the mere 95k€ around the new hospital doesn't do its job
the fluoride is in the toothpaste here
The Colosseum (in Rome), the EU flag and a Plaza (as in with cafes  and outdoor seating)
Gotta visit it next time I'm in Prague
Kärntner Kasnudeln
[Are you talking about this study
Still my favourite
Would you reckon the SVP would let me in if I told them I'm highly adaptable and already talk in a dialect mixture of Bavarian and Alemannic?
He also said that Austrian cake is 'dry' and 'bland'.  I am just glad my mother didn't chase him out of our house with a knife
Alas, in the Nazi-era, these people were harassed and speaking Slovenian was forbidden
Den sprechen leider immer mehr und der klassische Wiener Dialekt geht verloren
It has to be some sort of "fucking" in there
Spare ribs are an american dish in my mind
Another advantage is that it doesn't really matter if the wine is good or bad, so you can use cheap wine too.
A technical device is easy to break down into what it's made of/for and what it does well/not so well
For a country this size Vienna is rather large
There we have just different opinions.
>The yank most likely thought it would be fun to do the Nazi Salute in Germany
In Austria we don't really have that.
Pizza with salmon, spinach and feta/generic sheep milk cheese is pretty common here in Austria.
A shopping mile leading from the train main station to the town square.
Which in the end is just a ploy to get people to pay with card instead of cash
Additionally Hypixel is sometimes somewhat buggy, wich is why i stopped playing anything but Skyblock
I could image this being less existent in privately run hospitals
But cool, so we've established that the "oldest democracy in the world" isn't a democracy at all.
At a funeral I would follow all the religious rituals and whatnot out of respect for the dead but generally no
I always thought it has to do with the German TV channels etc
Washing your hands after each patient in the hospital, probably
Am I both
Was soll das
Not my dad, but I work in a care home for senior citizens in Austria and one of my clients told me his story
Same anywhere in the world when people realize you are Austrian instead of German they become nicer
Idk where they learned that
Something
Personally, I blame much of it on Christianity/Catholic Church.
Can‘t believe it
Walking
Must be an insane amount
And yet I encounter less smoke in restaurants in Russia than in Austria.
Free tuition fees, a cheap and very well-done healthcare...
I definitely plan to go there again on my own terms after Corona
Then one day before the "Einmarsch" happend, the Nazis, Arthur Seyß-Inquart to be precise, completely took over the government
Is there any kind of discussion about it or people people complaining about it
And unlike in the 50s-80s, nobody says so anymore
So keats sis jo o in sellem subreddit.
I think it's less that and more that the us has a culture of frivolous spending (seen also in those huge weddings for example) and necessity for status symbols, and the iPhone is incredibly attainable for that purpose, unlike a huge wedding/house/car, and you can show it off to others all the time
Wasn't this guy and his force sort of keeping ISIS in check
I live in the country's capital, and could take an afternoon bike trip to be in another capital altogether: different country, different language, etc
The most bland of all the breads
What I would do is try it with medium bubbles and look at the result and then adjust the time from the same point that you used for your first measurement
Do a Hitler salute
It is invisible, extremely painful and inevitable - that’s how the FSB/Putin want to demonstrate their power and reach
Just one country over a full scale invasion was going on
The company is half Canadian, so not purely Austrian
Predicting this we went there a bit earlier
But yeah, the past week was pretty sick snow wise
Not exactly but sometimes when I hear/read something in English (I am Austrian) it takes me a few seconds to realize that it’s not German
Gösser
Almost any bit of Italian got me a smile in Italy
and you have a job
When I was a student, making marmelade was a really big trend among my fellow Uni peers (and is ofc still today), today making your own sausage and curing meat seems to be the latest trend with the young hip crowd
>-also some people consider it as gay if a boy has an iPhone (It‘s Austria, people are conservative in a really weird way)
Ring-Tram - see above
But outside the EU there is no free service market at all.
Although, my German teacher was in fact a schlagender Burschenschafter, very clearly a pan-German nationalist and allegedly a Kellernazi (he constantly talked about how "unjust" the current German-Polish border was, and how "degenerated" the new orthographic rules were, and how we Austrians are "actually" really Germans, and how there's too many US-TV-shows with black people in them on the "bolshewik" Austrian Public Broadcasting; also he was a linguistic purist and prescriptivist)
Austria with our Bundes-eagle
If the Germans really cared about them they should finally realize that Alsace and Lorraine are two different regions.
The finger-thing is just the last drop in his bucket of suspicion
There he learned a lot, it was fun and he always looked forward to meeting people there
Also the smear infection risk was grossly overstated in the beginning of the pandemic
Currently unavailable
Well it is majorly a Cold War thing even though it probably is older than that
It also uses accurate Viennese language:
Let's be honest, both are pretty spot on.
* One thing I‘m sure about however is that we have the oldest zoo in the world
Fun fact: Many Austrians believe that good quality pasta contains egg and bad quality pasta does not
Definitely not that high
Now I have one reason more to be overly interested in hearing swiss german (not speaking it tho, I will 100% butcher it)
It's only called ess-zett in northern Germany.
dafür = dafia
He said to an Austrian newspaper that he is more known in Austria than in Norway.
works best for newspaper articles and the like, they're so good it's kinda scary
Austrian
If we bring back the Kaiser I would be willing to merge with all the former k.u.k countries.
(But I'm not sure about how hard it really would be)
Maximilian, Emperor of Mexico
As for my hometown Linz, it's very similar really
I know, these are more dialect phrases rather than phrases used in the whole country, but I hope someone is interested in these
their OS must have crashed
Much tougher consequences for people who are caught committing these crimes - zero tolerance and instant denial of asylum plus deportation as soon as possible.
It only got my attention because it was only a few months after the dam break and I have been paying more attention to south America since the whole Venezuela issue got more serious
I don't speak my local dialect (Plattdeutsch)
30 degrees celsius is like what, 86 farenheit
Wenigstens mal ne Abwechslung zu den täglich zig duzenden Brexit-Beiträgen.
Man if you had any kind of ground elevation i'd be all over your country
I don't know enough about US politics to draw that comparison.
This turns out incorrect, it was 81 to 80, but still fine sais head of parliament
I would call the sauce (or in good old Austrian "Schmier") just gravy
Then as not every was always kind in the last year, the krampus are allowed to enter(this depends on the house owner, some just let one in others none and others all)
Edit: apparently it happens more often than I expected but hardly anybody talks about it
Sadly, there is nothing bizarre about this.
May and November each year, for as long as I can remember
Search your feelings, you know it to be true
They obviously crossed the line with Nutella.
German native here, do you have one for me
Sure, it's wrong in all cases but there's still a difference.
If 1 and 2 cent coins are abolished, I'm absolutely sure that not all EU countries would adopt Swedish rounding
Germans and Austrians use spanish too
Croatia and, to a lesser degree, Poland
The border guards with machine guns and the watchtowers made it creepy for a kid.
Usually, if you don't learn languages from a young age on, it's almost impossible to get it perfectly right
So yesterday in german class we got a list with a few of those words and should translate every single one of them to standard-german and funnily enough, I could translate every single one of them to english but barely one of them to german
It's like she learned how to pronounce it from somebody from Germany
You need something to balance the onions and the oil
"The phonemes /b/, /d/, and /ɡ/ in Spanish are realized as approximants (namely [β̞, ð̞, ɣ˕]")
So unless I can get a train both ways for <50€ they are gonna have a hard time
Hungry
Gotta visit it next time I'm in Prague
These holes had to be filled quickly with cheaply built houses after the war
I've heard about British humor
There's definitely far more than only 25 languages spoken within the EU
Otoh that makes it just more likely to be stolen
I know others love them, but to me they are totally gross
I think you  still could when I was there some years ago
Still was a weird feeling though but nevertheless beautiful
And other than in the UK most nations require a super majority in both referendums and the parliament to leave the EU
the sauce they're in is weirdly sweet
Warte warte wirklich
We learn it for many years at school and the focus of lessons is often about the UK (people, culture,...).
They would melt them to build better bikes
Schwizer gond eigentlich meistens zum verstoh, isch jo o allemanlisch
" At least in German they translated it to "Haus des Geldes" which I can get on board with, even if it loses some of it with only being "house of money
I'm struggling with the "R" in just about every word, I just can't pronounce it properly
Hofer tried to make himself look sympathetic, but he could not hide his choleric second face that became visible in the last debate when he started yelling "lies" when VdB started citing him
wtf nazi connotations
Their dialect isn't part of the Austrian/Bavarian dialect group, but rather one of the [Swiss German] dialects.
I don't hope so
Woher kommen Sie
I grew up one hour from Vienna and went to Vienna for university.
If I invite somebody I of course am going to cook for them
Don't forget r/aeiou
at least getting a ruler wouldn't be an issue
When I was younger I was kinda naive
They tried to imitate Mussolini, the OG fascist
Damn, Liechtenstein
Yes he does
Our politicians always wait until Germany does something and then copy it
But I hear this is much worse in Rome
Wennst ned krandln konnst findsd en Lebtog long kan monn, so yes
There was a leak in a database and a guy on twitter posted the private adress of an austrian politician, then she twittered the above sentence
Felt so unnecessarely extra playing the austrian/german version of kino der toten with all the swastikas removed
The standard German song that comes to mind is [Mark Forster - Übermorgen]
I guess many people just tend to stay in the area they live in, because nobody likes to spend a lot of time in a car
I didn't know that
I can't think of living anywhere else
Wienerberger - world's biggest manufacturer of bricks and roof tiles
german pronunciation is obviously the same, except the „u“ sound is without the „j“ sound in English
We all know that the ÖVP has no clue and no ambition to fix the fundamental issues of Austrian society and that it has like the FPÖ big problems with cronyism, dirty deals and (better hidden) corruption
Sounds like a deal to me
There is a saying in western Austria, the Balkan starts in Vienna
Depends, if he's from Munich, then he'll have troubles cause they only speak Standard German there and even if he's not from Munich he'll still have problems understanding the West of Austria, Tyrol and Vorarlberg
Very funny situation
So I think the joke should be that German has rather long words, but this is actually a sentence (something like "Oh my goodness, nothing works anymore, nothing at all
Nah, it's more like the white jock who thinks he can fight (insert monster of the day) alone.
now I'm wondering about the required thickness of cloth that makes a flag not a flag, or makes a towel a flag instead
I only did that once (as a joke) haha
I would say that as soon as I arrive at the southern border of Munich, I have to speak standard german
I can only agree
Other Austrian states: Dürnstein ruin, the historicist Franzensburg in Laxenburg (if you wanna count that), Perchtoldsdorf, Landskron by the Lake Ossiach, Hohensalzburg, Hofburg in Vienna (yes it's a palace, but it's at the same time a castle and originally it very much fulfilled the purpose of a castle), Schlossberg in Graz
However, I suspect I may be slightly lactose intolerant because I often feel like shit after
(And that's just the tip of the iceberg)
Europe isn't one country and in every single country you can have different regions with different cultures
In Austria, especially in Vienna, we call undertakers "Pompfüneberer". This is of course the butchered version of the french phrase "pompes funèbres", "great funerals" - the name one of the biggest funeral homes in Vienna around 1900
What do you think about that
Not even close
Except Beer, 25€+ for a six-pack is criminal
1973 Ireland would never be allowed to join the EU today and for the reason Turkey won't either.
Every German even today considers Austrians as Germans very often, when we in fact have a full on different culture, slightly different language and everything
crazy opinion, but I think they should teach *both*. imho it sucks how the everyday spoken language is always treated as an add-on, as something that "can't be studied, you have to experience it", bullshit
**Germködel**
Sippola	FI
* [Oldtown of Salzburg]
But some big citys have short names too wien (vienna), graz, Linz, ...
... any more ...
Who says it's Erdogan himself doing the speaking?
This is for all German speakers, not only Austria: what you call the "safe zone" when you play tag (fangenspielen)
Brexit got voted for because of lies and misinformation, finding great breeding ground on astonishing ignorance.
Especially because he is usually doing better with postal votes
:) Nothing wrong with that, eh ?
Last time around we went into the Euro with overconfidence and were shot down by Iceland and Hungary
Hmmm, why is everyone so garbage at the real master race variant of alpine skiing then?
No just kidding, kind of
Well, the Balkan starts in Vienna
Craftsmanship in these countries improved and made it possible to accumulate a capital stock to be used during the industrial revolution
On the other hand it is not as big a factor as comfort/luxury, so if you want to stay at a luxurious hotel instead of a cheap hostel or take a high speed train instead of a bus this will likely be more price difference than arriving in a city with no fixed place to sleep.
People still using Fahrenheit: Wow that's really cold, poor Spanish
Just as the Gas-Container-Stories in syria from bellingcat)
In what world is this ok
I'll try to explain my calculations:
Putin recently made fun of this, when he said, that it's hard to talk seriously to people who confuse Austria with Australia
Happened a few years ago, maybe in Italy/France?
Either way the chances of my retinas detaching because I roll my eyes to hard is about 50%.
A media that is continuously spreading blatant lies to push an agenda, in this case, so a rich fuck becomes more influential, doesn't have much to do with free press.
So there's the story behind the band name 'Sektion Kuchikäschtli'
It's stronger than usual
Basically everyone I know is always looking forward to going to summer time and hates going the other way because it's just so damn depressing having no sun in the afternoons
I was referring to being German is sexy, not especially in Austria.
This is a bit aggressive, isn't it?
Really
- Gottfried Küssel lives there
But those assholes admitted that if you apply for it as a citizen and not a company they will automatically reject it
Besonders dass die SPÖ die Weitsicht hatte, sich nicht an die KPÖ anzunähern, hat uns da vermutlich den stalinistischen Terror und eine Teilung des Staates wie in Deutschland erspart
After WW2 Denmark had two remaining oversees possessions, Greenland and Faroe Islands
They are *massive*
Show dominance by ordering two main meals AND dessert
well, in German we say "Pils" for the style of beer, but "Pilsner" refers to the brand "Pilsner Urquell"
Brutal
Ex Vice chancellor took a quite incriminating vacation in Ibiza
Copied from above: It's because it makes as much sense as other shirts with English words on them, like "University of New York" or "Surfing Championship '85". Any significance in meaning that might have existed over the pond is gone; over here, it's always just words so the shirt doesn't look empty
Without those factors, people become criminal
Right now they are building a new subway line, and expand another, inlcuding a big station where both lines will cross
** ooh boy, I miss it every time I go abroad
Something I've found is that I use the 24h system up to 19h regardless of context, but that I'd almost never say 21 uhr for example
This was my high school English teacher, who, upon me correcting her, told me I needed to get my ego in check and just “think about it” then I’d see why she was right
ah, the good old nürnberg defense
I waved at her and shouted "Hey Mam do you need a seat
Reported for ridiculing the Terminator!
Honestly, almost everybody around here smokes
That's not to say that there were no attempts to alleviate the situation
Speaking of which: Yes the victim myth after WWII played a factor but more reasons to identify as Austrian was the fact that Germany didn't acknowledge Austria as it's own country
Maybe it's similar to what they use for paper money
Except for the non-existing tripoint border, ironically
Then you call the priest and arrange a date, usually 3-7 days after the death.
(Currently called the Socialdemocratic Party, the name changed a bit over time)
that you can get only jobs in the university if you are deep in somebody's ass
It’s my preference
Today is Austria's National Day.
Franz Sacher knew that this was a unique opportunity for him and thus created the icon of all desserts: The Original Sacher Torte
So, not the bavarian form of [Brezel]
AirBnB was meant as "couchsurfing with money", not "hey let's rent a hotel room in this residential apartment block". read [this comment]
I am, and it would also be salat but it's reddit so i didn't care much.
And if not bland sweeter than goddamn brioche
That would have been weird
especially since the Republicans have won elections *twice* in recent years despite losing the popular vote (2000, 2016).
It was a mistake of the prosecution that they didn't explicitly test for that, so all the court legally could do, after the defense rightfully claimed that fact, was to send the harsher conviction of violent rape to a retrial, in which the prosecution had to properly establish the grounds for a harsher conviction, which they now did.
Because it sounds socialist I guess.
* [Oldtown of Graz]
German and French in my opinion
Nearly the same, but we don't say "two carters", but "half:
I don't think the political discourse here is quite as hostile as in the US (yet), but it has certainly become more divisive in recent years.
Must be really hard looking around with your head stuck this far up your own ass.
have been assimilated into the catholic mythology.
I mean Vienna is also hated for being a dirty crime-ridden hellhole
Not during traffic stops or any normal kind of duty, no.
But food only makes up a tiny part of a culture.
I enjoyed (almost) every minute of it.
4 million in the market in a low fee vehicle
[Look how cute he is with his ears
like calling it "das Radio", cringy af
Not love but nostalgia
It's strange to view actual choice as a negative thing
The word "Piefke" actually refers to the Prussians not Germans in general
Actually more people voted this time.
You know it's your obligation to throw all these towels on a big pile, then watch them fight each other to their deaths
In a later season there's a story line where the aunt (or grandma
For Italian, San Marino is obvious, and maybe Monaco.
It wasn't that they just believed us, for politics of the allies it was just way easier to "believe" that
Austria went through the same level of "denazification" as Germany did, and I see no reason why one would assume that it did not.
lmao you can taste the irony
Oh da gibts in Linz auch einen ganzen Haufen
I wasn't so much thinking of him socializing with other black people but more of 'How common is it to be black?' in a given country and how easy/hard it is to 'blend in' with the local population.
Maybe not directly after Clinton but every step taken in the wrong direction is a step that has to taken again in the right direction.
I once locked myself out of my apartment and had to climb in through the balcony
next thing you'll tell me beethoven was german..
I'd pick the two I'm the least attached to, if I had to choose them for this specific trip
knackwurst
I would go if theres a work opportunity there for me, but as things are there is no reaspn to give up my comfortable life here
Regner | SPÖ | 91 | **pro**
Also in religious education but I don't know If it's part of the curiculum
Yes
Oh, thank you, I forgot the word for that and just assumed it was all the same
Beeing orthodox, catholic or muslim is often synonymous for beeing serb, croat or bosniak
It appears you gravely underestimate that difference speaking different languages makes: You will consume different media - different TV stations, different newspapers, read different books, have different traditional music.
Easy
Chill
They have ads when viewing albums.
We call the Germans "Piefke" or "Saupreissn"
Ernsthaft: Da gings mit um diesen Neu-Wiener Dialekt
The law doesn't care if it is only one day of the year.
EDIT: Another channel shows five episodes of Two and a Half Men a day, followed by three episodes of Navy CIS (that are then immediately repeated)
Low German: Same as dutch, though I didn't study this
Which wasn't really helpful because sadly the way that subject was taught was very disappointing
Most famous
I don't think you can blame a single country tbh
Nobody is forced to gain an Austrian citizeship.
I think I will that even in the future do
Lienz is barely a town to be fair
The meeting was recorded (they were obviously tipsy and there was reportetly coke on the table) and leaked
Nonantola	IT
-**proper leather hiking boots
Right
Police: ok, if you don't want, you are free to go
I think its a colorized black and white picture
Limonade is general used for all carbonated soft drinks
The discussion on what beats what was always fun, but somehow most of the time everybody knew what beat what (the discussion still happened lol)
Their core issues are also transparency and anti-corruption
What about the "everything tries to kill you" stereotype"?
Donatella Versace embodies this spirit of Italian clothing prefectly
I live in the North and use mostly "Ciao", sometimes "Tschüss" but rarely.
~~Atm (02:10) they analyse if the explosive belt was real or just a fake~~ 07:10 it turned out the explosive belt was a "fake" and would not have worked
Meine Nachbarn haben alle ziemlich neue Häuser ~13 Jahre
I was startled by this, too
Both put people off identify self as 100% Austrian.
But I suppose that's on Cameron.
Could have been both
- Butting in when Europeans are singing against each other
Hochdeutsch ü,
No they are not
Fritz is alone in the balloon now and gets attacked by a witch which in the end burns to death and gets eaten by ravens
Also funny because it was sung by people from Vorarlberg, the wester most region of Austria and it was sung in such a deep dialect that if you weren’t from Vorarlberg yourself you had a hard time understanding a thing
Agree to disagree I guess
the
i'm still waiting for a europe wide high speed rail system, that should be free to use of course (either just for europeans or for everyone)
Frau MagisTRA ;) the only thing more frowned upon other than omitting ones title is using a male title for a female person.
Tap water is as clean as can be
All federal states in Austria have their own hymn too of course, mostly singing about their natural beauty or landmarks
Is drinking someone under the table an English vocab or are you Austrian?
I just hoped noone remembers anything about my comment when I ad some countrynames that trigger atleast the Americans.
I probably do in English
Exactly, it's the wish for a "strong man".
If you get triggered by this subreddit don't visit.
Or the popular jokes about Fucking
A lot of the old hotels standing around empty.
Good healthcare and good education.
I think this is just a matter of time.
"There's gonna be ups and downs, not necessarily in that order"
Don't know about the Burgenland Croats, [but there's a least one Gym for Carinthian Slovenes]
In all seriousness, we do actually have a word for it, "Taufscheinchristen" or "Taufscheinkatholiken", i.e. "Baptism certificate Christians/Catholics".
STEM is mostly done at universities too
Thanks (not the countries, but actually the people) to all those women (99% *are* women) from the east – especially Slovakia and Romania – who come here and take care of our old people, 24/7 for weeks en bloc, for shitty pay, under shitty (pseudo self-employed) conditions, with no labor organization backing them, in a strange country with a strange language and strange laws, far away from family and home, and enduring chicaneries of a xenophobic and neoliberal government
Can we actually list Kurz here
It's never too late to come back.
Joa Wienr künnen üsnmeistens nid verstoh, denn wirds komisch wenn plötzlich hochdütsch reda muasch
Why was it deleted
The view of our army is very bipolar here and one cause of it is the conscription.
Since I don't bear any ill will towards any EU country, the boring but logical choice to minimize casualties is ~~Luxemburg~~ Malta
ok I think I want it to be written like 1•000•000„65 now
But soooo many great memories of this city
They instantly broke out in laughter but they absolutely loved it
Well done
Hofer tried to make himself look sympathetic, but he could not hide his choleric second face that became visible in the last debate when he started yelling "lies" when VdB started citing him
This makes me feel proud of my country and our public transport
But Southern Germany
"Soldier
I talked to many people from European and Asian regions - I understand them all to the same extend
Real estate agents, followed by journalists
Staat is also pronounced with a very long aaaaa so the double a is warranted
Word by word translated „to have big balls“ means to have big sport balls or something like that lol
Prussia extended its power and took over.
With the remaining 10% being a few local distributors
hooray
Not allowed and I wouldn't recommend it.
Didn't help that Strache's wife and Gudenus himself kinda implied so themselves
I had a teacher who would say "das tangiert mich nur peripher" (english: _"this touches me only peripherally"_)
Be consistent
And no member state wants some sort of civil war in or near a member state
I guess when things are that close it's just normal and not specifically travel-worthy
a German brewery bought the name rights and is brewing the beer somewhere in Germany
Kopf und Schulter, Knie und Fuß, Knie und Fuß.
Ah okay
I'm a bit gutted we didn't get our own version of 'The Office'. Then again, it might be too similar to the German one
I don't really know about my other great-grandparents
Yes, we've religion as a subject in every year
Never order without onions
or have you never had to fill out an application with our dear people at the MA2412
- 5 dead people so far -  one terrorist, four pedestrian now (09:25)
So as soon as UK leaves the EU doesn't have the english language anymore?
maybe people don't like seeing their countriemen get blown to bits or decapitated
Also Trump often predicted that Obama would declare War on Iran to be reelected
The British managed to put those two groups against each other and it escalated into a civil war that nearly dragged Greece and Turkey into another war
do that makes him hated
You burn the wood you chopped in the same year
The only areas where it's slightly better is where we get a lot of tourism, but the recreational cycling infrastructure is a bit different from one that would benefit commuting
Hascheeknödel are obscure in many parts of Austria
And he pulls a bottle of gasoline, lights the contract on fire and proclaims himself Emperor
Bride's kinda cute, she dating
For those kind of things (advice on sensitive information), you should set up a throwaway account so that you can be more specific without linking other information.
So in 10 years we will have our 1100th anniversary
Our rural area seems to be similar to Canada's just without the bears (and whatever else they have)
I think there was much influence from the czech studios also to west Germany and Austria, the fairy tale adaptions were really popular here
Yep
but not like an American kind of patriotic.
**Carinthia**: Nazis
pangermanism and national socialism are quite different.
So, let's recap
But it's always our fault
Also if we go by that logic many eastern European parts are still Austrian.
Bavara a gdp of 600 billion and BaWü of 500 billion
The method for billing highway tolls
And down from there all spanish cities
The "Allgemeine Bürgerliche Gesetzbuch" (General Civil Law Book
So if you're not a racist lunatic yourself, you shouldn't have much trouble accepting the evil deeds of people that are all long dead by now
and banks take too long to get you the money and it's just too complicated
Always has been the 51st state of Trumpistan.
Haha right; don't wanna be a *pesado* after all
And us Austrians have the same love-hate relationship
But it's OK to don't like Germans
There's also FM4 reality check that is mostly in English - but as it is geared towards English-speaking imigrants originally, it is somewhat more in the anglosphere than really a 100% the topics most important to Austians:
I live near Slovenia and barely get german related news
Hulabalu by Andreas Gablier ️
Why is the Chinese character for Love (愛) on Russia
Also we are running low on desinfectant
Still sounds nice I think
There are many ways we could still travel there in seconds
I just feel like they don't trust 18 year olds to be able to read
>Liechtenstein
meanwhile in Berlin:
Yeah, probably the map doesn't account for different education systems at all
Of course
The saying in Tyrol is that everything east of Tyrol is the Balkan
Don't know which places you've been to but the ones I'm talking about serve platters for 5 or 6 euros which i wouldn't be able to down a shot afterwards for fear of exploding
ohhh
In Germany it is almost unaccepted to insist on speaking your own dialect, while Austrians almost see high German as a foreign influence, although it is of course taught in schools and you will never find i.e. official emails in dialect
Found the reporter /u/wurzn was talking about...
Theres an incident on the frontline which may have been the inspiration for this in a report to the Austrian court occuring on the 23
There's no escape
I always heart it was the Mossad who killed him...
> What are you doing here
Maybe it‘s for the better
It is a flexible system and it also is there to void a contract
> Welsch-Bern is old German name for Verona
It's called "Brautstehlen"  or "Steal the bride".
However, Kurz will most likely retake the position as chancellor before his 34
It feels like there is Austria and then also Vienna
Hedgehogs, rats, weasels, foxes, badgers, ducks, squirrels and more
It has its current style since 1560 and was part of a bigger castle and fortress
I'd be a different person if I had not seen it as a child.
Time for a new contract
Oh man thats sad
The Vengaboys even un-retired for a week and gave a concert in Austria as a result of this
(The map already annoys me)
In a way I'm glad they exist, and that European countries in general are relatively small on average comapred to the rest of the world, just because not everything needs to be huge like China, India, US, Canada etc
Commute was about 1 hour in the morning and about 1,5 hours in the evening
nah, Flak towers are awesome in a brutalist kind of way
Which makes the Baltics the taint...
There's also jobs that aren't classic 9-5/5 days a week like farmers, nurses, etc
ski tourists, beer, chips, bilingualism, crazy Palais de Justice in Brussels, Congo, picturesque medieval towns like Bruges
If you have any questions, please ask them, I will try to answer them as good as possible
Is there any explanation for this?
Ausbürgerungsverfahren wird eingeleitet
Yes that's correct, sorry if I wasn't clear about that; it's an alternative version, a fan project if you will
Well Brexit is a crazy shit show (that will hurt the British a lot more then they think) and trump is a complete imbecile
Iirc he woke up but is still potato
Vilimsky | FPÖ | 443 | abstained
Let's hope that we'll get fusion
But with these options I would stay in Vienna
Well you include parts of Austria in your greater Hungary/St
Seeing people queue up these (admittedly beautiful) cafés is funny to me
I've been living there for the past three years, and it's so much more beautiful than Vienna or Graz
I hope I translated this correctly.
There is no such thing as a European diaspora.
Religions can apply for being recognized by the state,
Not even if you go full totalitarian China mode you are able to stay in control today.
McDonald’s is considerably better in Austria though
And as for Gibraltar ? It’s not of the EUs concern anymore to be honest
Also Lombardy and Bohemia while we're at it.
(And no, "taxes are different from state to state or even in different cities in one state" doesn't make sense as an excuse
Thank god I got out of there before the owner started cutting back on personell.
And people wonder why the Japanese think that we're the German speaking nation with culture
Are you sure you‘re not talking about the Anschluss right now that happened int 1938 that made Austria be german in the first place
Well, as I said, same goes for Thuringia and Cologne, as far as my experience goes :)
Schmidt | ÖVP | 761 | **pro**
Edit2: Wow this is site fantastic
Ostreich
Soon it will be ours again *evil laugh*
Those are the cognates, yes
Nobody usually talks about it
An Austrian or, even worse, a Tyrolian that isn't able to go skiing or snowboarding
Britannia doesn’t rule the seas anymore
It's so that the shirt is not "just blue", but "blue with some orange details on it" instead
" Is even more of from the high german version then dutch so you can't blame me from thinking it was german)
Rotax produces 2 and 4 Stroke engines, mainly for Bombardier, but also other Businesses
holy shit my condolences Norway
Switzerland is a very weird place when it comes to languages, which makes it the more interesting if I‘m honest here
Fuck, Fuck, Fuck Mother Mother Fuck Mother Mother Fuck Fuck Mother Fuck, Mother Fuck
too bad i'm on the wrong side of the country and only have the one to two meter deep swamp puddle on the Hungarian border...
I would say a wild boar with piglets
Aaah, Bill Burr - my absolute favorite comedian at the moment.
Drinking age
Thats about 170 km from where i passed out
*Vindobona* later changed as well, and eventually turned into *Viden/Widen/Vieden/Wieden*, which is still the Czech, Slovak, Polish and Ukrainian name for Vienna
Living there is extremely cheap
I once went hiking in the alps and one of my new colleagues was coming with me and some friends - he was from the Netherlands - so we start walking - an easy hike from 1500 to 2500 meters in 7 hours or so - he forgot something in the car and I told him that we will wait - he said no - we shall go ahead since he is running marathons - well - let's say that the thin mountain air even on just over 1500m was a bit more then he expected
There are Germans who hardly understand us.
you need an odd Number of things to choose of to be fair
"Passt scho
I'd say I trust the judiciary a lot more than the government.
Griass Enckkk
Well I wouldn't say "whom" is not used, it's just less frequent
The police need to enforce lights on bikes at night (almost hit a few bikes while on my own bike because of this)
In Austria it's still baby Jesus haha
There's even the possibility to give birth anonymously or to deposit your kid at a hospital.
Perkele
There is a quote from pope Pius 6
I don't know if I should laugh or scream in terror.
I never knew that French Polynesia is such a large and diverse place
Uff pulpo gallego is the best
Many people seem to love Ireland but it's one of the most uninteresting countries in Europe for me and I don't really consider visiting it
Remembering a German coffee roasters advertised ther new sorts available with "Jedem das seine". Well it means each his own/Suum cuique but this was also written on the entrance of Buchenwald
What i meant is that Le Pen has the lowest chances of happening, Brexit and Trump had decent chances.
How do you think things got better for Ukraine
After all, Germany is our biggest neighbor, so keeping up with the situation there isn't a bad thing imo
Assuming any passive role during sex was perceived as a severe loss of masculinity
My bad
Not for being a dirty crime-ridden hellhole (it clearly isn't), but for being snotty bullies who lord it over everybody else
Many things are sold over here, but in a smaller variety than in the US.
Germany is a pretty nice place to live if you don't mind the weather and people being super scheduled and mostly refusing to be your friends unless you can speak German (again, this is my experience)
If Britain didn't join WW1 Germany would have won 95%.
sleppers have beds on one side so there are max three, couchettes are on both sides of the door so 4 and 6 (at least thats what i get from the link above)
~15-20 minutes sitting in the tramway, reading a book, the newspaper, browsing reddit or watching random people
Not all right-wing people are racists, but all racists are right-wing
Has worked for anime, so I guess?
A friend of mine got an ID card though to be able to have something more widely accepted in the wallet
Still got most of it though
It doesn't concern us but a Tyrolean probably thinks differently about it.
Yeah basically only the Kaisersemmel is called Semme(r)l.
Only after spending hours to understand the article, you'll realize that 90% was useless
Similarly situated, Greenland is completely internally autonomous and can also boast an equal membership within the Nordic Council
It only stands out compared to others because they were very eager and specific about it, so it doesn't *seem* like an empty platitude
If you look at places with high employment rates for women like eastern Germany the deciding factor is the availability of childcare.
What's not to like
Ah okay
I wish ApplePay were more widespread.
Same
Maybe with a cocktail or something
Heard only very positive things from them
I have rarely met anyone in Austria who hasn't had at least average cooking skills
We just don't keep anyone on a tight leash.
Barely anymore
Yeah I don't see that happening in the current climate.
Pretty sure there aren't many great buildings in the city that predate 1382.
I would say my favourite false friend is "laufen", which exclusively means "running" in Austria, but is walking in Germany and "rennen" is running
I am shocked that Mailand is at the same latitude than Milano
Turci
he could even give his party an order to form a gov.
He survived and was captured as a POW and sent of to Siberia (not entirely sure) but he later came home all the way by foot
I get the idea but it would be hard to implement
Also some Slavic friends of mine, arguing that Germans are oppressive and expansive by nature and very rude, unfriendly and humor-less (I fall out of the scheme according to them) although my experience with Germans is very different and I also know that history is far more complex
Yeah his father's from Germany and he was born in Heidelberg
I was in Hallstatt too, where you can go into the salt mines
They are kind of a language minority surrounded by Italian and German speakers who might or might not be a minority themselves
Yeah but duct tape is only the big silver one as I understand
Edit: And on top of that I've never talked to anyone from Murmansk Oblast before so that's kinda rare also
Lol my Husband is a Waldviertler in fact
That's what happened to the last one at least
The Spanish get louder than Italians only under the influence of alcohol
But don’t worry, her native Romanian was as bad as her English
Yes
The adults get to drink some schnaps and donate some money to the group
Is this a thing that hails from Switzerland
Now you're complaining about people's hatred for religion itself
To implement that we would have to do a lot of hacking and use a bot, so sadly no, but you can choose a flair of you choice and then edit the text of it to say that!
My boyfriend and I went on a roadtrip to the Netherlands a few years ago and we loved every second of it
Also m2c it's completely irrelevant because a state is defined through recognition both internationally and within its population (as well as the ability to enforce its statehood and laws), so it's completely irrelevant if there is a contract or not
(Go have a look at the radishes from below)
Ftfy
Because you can just drink from the tap...
If it's strangers, I think the only correct way to say Goodbye would be "Auf Wiedersehen" (Especially if you're not comfortable using the more local/colloquial "Auf Wiederschaun")
same here
But I wasn´t talking about Mozart, I was talking about Beethoven, who, as you surely know, originally is from Bonn
He doesn't work like that without Viagra
*My personal opinion* is that you are falling for their rhetoric.
I was too young to remember
why pay 5000€ only to be deported a month later?
Did you never encounter an actual sharp knife
Too late, Wilhelm and I are getting the old gang back together
A funny traditions is "egg fighting" (I honestly don't know how it's called), where everyone gets an hard-boiled egg and slams it against the neighbours egg, whoms egg cracks first lose.
> after English and Greek haha
**But not in this case!!!** No, for some unbelievable reason their parents religious beliefs trump their body rights.
>No, we are not populated by vampires
According to the wiki article, specifically the british and the french
but even more so I'm happy we have people like her and [Ansip] in the Commission
What your country wants or doesn't want, doesn't concern me.
And when i say the european understanding i mean as a whole, not that every single european understands it thus
Austria plays an important role as a kind of negotiator between east and west (especially in the cold war) because of our neutrality
I have a Polish grocery store around the corner
also you can't really go wrong with long-sleeve shirts
Yes, I think people should prove they are still able to drive every 5 year after retirement
still big
And i kind of liked it
The entirety of Burgenland
Puma is also the Quechua word for cougar
I can me imagine, that regularly to do
...okay we did nothing
Whatever you do, it will likely not change it for the better - at most it will get worse more slowly
At the moment I am actually rather anxious, but about an upcoming exam, not COVID-19
this *always* comes up; yet in reality, Burma uses its own system, and Liberia just doesn't have a nationally defined standard (yet has strong economic ties to imperial-using countries, therefore that system is often used, among others)
But maybe I'm going about this the wrong way.
There might be some very rare snakes (sand viper) in some parts of Austria, but the likelyhood of ever meeting one of them is practically zero
If we can't belive our own thoughts?
It wasn‘t difficult, but I was really nervous
Reason for that is that my fathers ex-wife is Icelandic and their children, my two half brothers, live in Iceland and I have a very good and close relationship with them, I even speak Icelandic and go there several times a year
I would recommend that you also add a good amount of sugar to the breadcrumbs
Scchwarzenegger is from the region where it says "barking dogs" on the dialect-map
* Drafting civil service conscripts (people who didn't want to do military service for moral reasons)
Before the town of fucking got renamed I originally had the village in the Tourism-map
It's part of Biology education here
Otherwise I will have to go to Zagreb or Munich
But still, the event was special enough for little me to remember it even almost two decades later
Käsekrainersemmel
We had it in primary school but that didn’t teach me anything
Many have them as guard dogs, some for hunting.
Normally it is done on the countryside and right before the wedding
I don't want to make this point a "Europe good, US bad", but damn, the US system is horrible
Even then it can get crowded
Disclaimer: i live in a 300k town where the worst you can get into is a nice offer for some narcotics
A Kebab, spicy with everything and Ayran is probably the phrase I said most often in my life
Not as far as dry as the German humor, not as witty as British humor
I can see snow capped mountains and a 800 year old castle from my apartment balcony
Maybe Lloret de Mar
Of course, cause that's how literally everybody ever learned how to ride a bike as a kid
But it turned out to be not durable enough (and too expensive), so they invented a special kind of resin at some time in the 19th century
vanilla sauce more common with Buchteln
Well, i needed a dust mask for some home improvement and they are all gone
Austria, Netherlands, now France
Vienna: Totally fine in every part of the city
Krocher mit Kapuzenwesten
There is some emphasis on Austrian standard German in distinction to the German standard German  (which colloqially is called Bundesdeutsch) - iE not using the Duden but a distinct Austrian dictionary in school
>many other countries
10h of Merkelwave
I was born and raised 5km from the Czech/Polish border (I'm Polish) and we made trips to Ostrava every other weekend to do some window-shopping
Those are more common amongst possible civilian first responders (or at least I never saw any private person actually carrying a Recco detector around)
Germany, Altschauerberg
It'll always be Südtirol though.
The Emperors' bodies are buried in the Kaisergruft in the Kapuzinerkloster at Neuer Markt
Obviously, we're not proud of him, but we don't deny him either.
You've clearly not traveled very much.
Imagine how the Us would react if another country it is not at war with, shot a missile at the US killing Pence
We partly have German television and it's kinda interesting to see the differences and what's basically a copy of the German version
Yeah I guess
Für die SdAP war der Marxismus in der ersten Republik auch wichtiger als die Demokratie
What would cause less uproar if Brexit happened, in your opinion
That's one thing they do really well
I'm really spoiled with my countries location, I could go anywhere without being bothered by taking the train
Istanbul is a gorgeous city and I’ve met many great people there so the rest of my stay was amazing
Panem et circenses that's all what that is.
Farewell Britons, I can´t believe this really happened
No license needed
I only have Netflix, and the local tv channels that come free in my building.
Dialects that formed over hundreds of years in the mountains are crazy man
[Meanwhile in Austria ...]
Petty Putin's putain Le Pen pining for Petain
(Yes the ó is in there even in the German version)
Not a "trap" per se, but the whole inner city of Vienna has become a huge luxury mall full of international brand stores you can find in ever other bigger destination, too
It could be Bucharest
I was guessing it might be "megameter" but I'd never heard of that
I also had all the audio books on [cassette tapes] [Wikipedia]
Gösser Radler ist mittlerweile fast Standard im Hamburger späti
Funnily enough I know the founder of OE24
>"This is why we can't enjoy our Wednesdays
I did when I was younger but now I can't be bothered anymore and I just *live* instead
Swiss guy #1: "ey, did anyone write down how we got our freedom from the Habsburgs
Der Butter
Especially many sitcoms are hugely successful over here: TAAHM, HIMYM, BBT, and so are the Simpsons.
1) told us, at age 17, and after having two years of chemics at this school already (and mostly At previous school also) a great an new science developement: there are Atoms, and everything contains it
South Carolina
Still there are a few things from not so boring times that one could find interesting
The same guy's party constantly being tangled up in neo-nazi shenanigans
there was much controversy about Hungary and Macedonia building a fence at the popular refugee routes.
But for my region in particular it would be the Tyrolean Rebellion against the bavarian and french troops in 1809
feels kinda weird in my head
Split into two parts and remained under occupation to this day
Austria-Ottoman was a day 1 alliance.
Tgere are 20 years old having no clue
Yeah, punish your critics by proving them right.
All my 9 year old class mates and I *really* cared about however, was that the movie had been interrupted
"Hairlich"
Once in a while they maybe cook a soup or a rice pan (if you can say it like that in English
Yes, they are our most dominant neighbour
The normal (or old) name is Bundesministerium für Land- und Forstwirtschaft, Umwelt und Wasserwirtschaft or BMLFUW for short.
Standard german is a weird artificial knockoff.
Oh poor busted me xD
>Les millénaires
It's been way less bad than the last few years, at least that's how I felt it (Barely ever got >30° C)
Yes
It is a clip on the news
So happy to see that the pandemic is slowly ending, and the story goes right back where we left off, climate crisis
Well, yes
If you are somewhere off-piste although the avalanche risk level 4 (of 5) has been declared: no
It's supposed to be dry
Or maybe hungarian
The bride and her friends drive to as many different restaurants/bars as they can before getting caught by the groom and his friends
It just so happens to be that on a German highway (Autobahn) there is no general speed limit, so when there is none indicated you are free to drive as fast as human decency and common sense allows.
I worked for some years in tourism - I always liked helping people learning German
Outstanding move
No, never seen it on Austrian or German TV.
I know where you coming from, but OP seems to be the exception.
I think the crime rate per capita is actually quite high due to tourists and the low absolute population
Hildegard, Hagen, Hildebrand
There have been again huge protests the last few years due to the central government trying to enforce things there
During summer if not forced into some kind of schedule my natural rythm tends towards going to bed at about 1am and get up at 9am
Very common
I've seen some in Denmark that had four seats, could even take a friend home, or dump her shopping in there
I  hate most of the provided bottles for travelling, so many are not really spill-proof
Even though I know that it doesn't occur to the same extend I feel like this stereotypical jokes are somewhat mutual
It's so close, I can even drive over the border with my bike
Because pnany people are idiots
Edit: Ok
Hot: 26 to 39
I'm all for stronger regions, weaker nations and a stronger EU.
And I do honestly think it's a bit of typical Austrian "sudern" involved here, because there's a pattern with you and the other poster: Both of you say "Austrians can't cook", EXCEPT you both (that other dude included also his friends and granny, but no girls lol), who are indeed Austrian, and claim to love advanced cooking/cooking and baking alot ...;)
You are comparing apples and battleships.
She is all alone
The only city that came to my mind was Linz
>Its in German and i wouldn't blame you if you couldn't tell
at the moment there is little difference, as you know.
" which was misheard by soldiers with no knowledge of German as "Allah
I feel that integration can best be seen when you look at the children of immigrants.
Are they practiced in schools like they are in the USA?
There are people named "furze"? Lol
plautcast
He‘s well known
Nah, this person would have lived it in the years after the assassination
Wels is ugly, soulless and irrelevant
Eh, I don't really see the point of taking pride in nationality
Must be the foreigners then, importing their clusterfuckery!
Liechtenstein was basically an appendix of the Austrian empire for the longest time
The opposite experience of being touched by "profound" lyrics has happened to me maybe once or twice in my life, at most, and it's just not something I go and look for
Bitte wer wäre das
I have published for english, italian, french, spanish, polish and danish Wikipedia and everywhere my changes were live immediately
Might be an urban myth, but allegedly there were some students who released 3 pigs on the school premises and numbered them #1, #2 and #4 which led to school staff looking for #3 for days
Didn't help that Strache's wife and Gudenus himself kinda implied so themselves
If the Bavarians would still like to trade with us they should start to timber ships.
\[googles around\]
That's such a typical Alman thing to say
I guess it was a mixed bag
use protection pls
In cities and bigger towns, most people nowadays are capable of switching between Hochdeutsch (standard German) and their regional dialect at will.
But in all honesty, I wish more airports would adopt something like this
Milliarde = 10^9  = 1 000 000 000
The city of Pilsen (where it was invented) is in Czechia in any case
Wtf, maybe a touristy ripoff place that spends tons on marketing and little on staff...
Nobody is advocating for the break up of the UK - or for a blockade of Gibraltar
I always get reminded of that fact when I visit Prague
In Austria generally the most with higher education vote for either Greens (left, leaning center left) or Christ Democrats (center right, conservatives).
Usually nothing happens much in Austria
Not European places/figures but there is a Kennedy Bridge and a Mexico plaza in Vienna.
Could you elaborate on what you mean by that
Is that a good thing though
We don't have a problem with the culture of the Bavarians because we share a lot of it.
(Had the accommodation in Edinburgh near the sea :3)
A lot
I don't get why, but a lot of people wear them
I had no idea about the Carantania part.
I‘m more interested in EU politics than in Austrian politics because I have honestly no clue what the fuck is going on in my country and what all of the politicians are even doing
Explain this link you posted please
What exactly is the problem with him in one paragraph?
Where have you been, if I may ask
All I know about him is that his dad (my great grandfather), who was a fanatic Nazi, planned to make him attend some kind of Hitler youth school
I mean that's your opinion
Regarding Austria and since an American is asking this: As an Austrian, Americans will always mention the movie [Sound of Music] to me, while literally *nobody* in Austria has seen that film - we haven't even heard of it.
(= "o head full of blood and wounds, full of pain and scorn, oh head, bound to mockery, with a crown of thorns")
Where can I get some of those nice colonies?
You don‘t know how fast (the always friendly) Austrians can get mad at you with these questions
Pretty sure somehow they'll blame us for it
From a foreigner's perspective I'd say that the first thing that comes to mind thinking of the Netherlands would be giant windmills surrounded by tulip fields
Mostly I just say an butter, as in "reiss umma an butta du gschissana".
But it still has an extremly high standard of quality and generally you will get a good treatment when you are sick
At first you see huge reflecting signs that say "Warning, deadly intersection ahead". Then your car gets shaken because they put grooves in the asphalt so you are alarmed
!!! Thank you, it is absolutely repulsive and I find myself completely disgusted with this as an adult now
[The projections on maps lie]
I think it really depends on the employer, but as far as I know are piercings not really accepted if you work in a bank or as attorney or jobs like that
Oh, right
If I can't see around a tight corner I adjust my speed so that I'm able to stop in a reasonable time
Same
It just baffles me
i never got a real answer from my austrian side however - in true austrian fashion :)
Austria has a real bad reputation of being Xenophobic, which I‘m 100% not
as to your last question, not necessarily
Not people who don‘t speak our language but Germans, who don’t speak our dialect, actually lol
To be honest, I don't think many people care about Trump
It has just my name so it's not like it's inappropriate to use, but what annoys me very much is the GMX Newsletter you get every couple of weeks and that they build in ads that look like like new mails in your inbox
full of them
since we have euro the exchange offices are practically non-existent in slovakia
If a ninja is seen in public they're not a very good 1 :(
I think I saw it ...
I've heard quite a few Austrians and Germans state they understand nothing while I myself understand pretty much everything
Also depends on the meal, a schnitzel or 1-2 pieces of pizza will most likely be taken home,
They are very proud, because I can eat almost like a Basque
Stefan Zweig - The Royal Game
Oba in Portugal war‘s guad
Protipp: Don't hold your breath.
Like Ernst Jünger's super-boring and WWI-glorifying novel "In Stahlgewittern". Our teacher was very opposed to reading its more anti-war counterpart "Im Westen nichts Neues", because he thought Remarque was a weakling who complained too much
The song "Bobby Brown" by Frank  Zappa is still played rather often in the radio
It's like I would say Portugal is basically Spain
The British managed to put those two groups against each other and it escalated into a civil war that nearly dragged Greece and Turkey into another war
Question: The scale of this map is not correct, right
It's one of the few feats I think is genuinelly good about us
but Budweiser is a beer from Budějovice and Pilsner is a brewing style?
South germany, austria and switzerland are mostly not descendents from germanic tribes but by slavic ones
The Original Sacher-Torte is probably the most famous cake of all time and the result of several lucky coincidences
Ah, ok
The sad truth is that not even half of these people ould have shown up for a demonstration
In lower austria (which is basicly next door to vienna, it even surrounds it) thats basicly the austrian equivalent to country roads
Exactly
As a nativ German speaking person
For info about traveling in Austria have a look at our wiki:
I was harrassed in a rather "good" part of my town, something I never expected.
Ever heard of "write in", Netherlands
It depends on the situation
It's because of the two sch mostly
&#x200B;
> and most people in Spain are against it
Swap them for a cool country like Sweden or the Netherlands.
Care to explain your reason
[Here's the Wikipedia link for legal purchasing and drinking age]#Europe)
HOLOCAUSTHOLOCAUSTHOLOCAUST for at least a whole year
Personally, I don't like them, but I highly doubt that this is true for a majority of Europeans
Although, if you presume you've got five overweighted individuals sat in there (500kg), plus something heavy in the trunk, it's not off by orders of magnitude
2010 I think
>I mean why can't you just see Germany as the older brother
What i don't support Russia, i just think it is sad how European leaders are stupid and are giving Putin the power.
Normal police is all federal police here
Would serbia react with an assassination
Also the smear infection risk was grossly overstated in the beginning of the pandemic
And it’s worse with the dialect: „Featig oda ned, i kum
> Die Bezeichnung geht jedoch nicht auf die lateinische, sondern auf die urgermanische Sprache zurück
I live at the border of a city in Austria and we have wild deer, rabbits and Mustelidae in our gardens
And scotland when independent will instantly be trying to join back into the eu
Your words mean more to me anyway ️
In the case of revolutions corruption generally sees the light of days because old data is found, analysed and published
So they teamed up with three other "frugal" governments to fight the big spending plans of the EU commission
[The scene]
We remove articles where the topic isn't primarily Europe, but rather some US person hopes that the US president helps him do something.
* cue Trump's "worst deal" meme
His family has been telling him in recent years that he's been getting too old to live all the way there on the mountain, all alone, but he's too stubborn, and says, he was born in that house, has spent all his live in that house, and he will die in that house
well, our children have double citizenship and she cooks sometimes weird things like Pickelsteiner it isn't much different to a relationship with a domestic girl.
in any case {adv}
GROSSO
I would be a farmer in the Banat
- ~12 injured (all gunshot wounds), 7 of them in a pretty critical state
afaik in Austria length of campaigns and the maximum on money spent aren't set by law either.
Played all the time and while it's not really a bad song it got annoying
He was really surprised other countries banned it many years ago
> with exceptions made for immun-compromised people and other similar cases where vaccinations are too dangerous
An austrian that actually likes germans
I still have a tab open, one of their last posts was: "Remember the President is just a figure head and doesn't have any real power
I dare you to not tap your foot to the chorus, when the bassline kicks in:
it depends on the party, and the amount of people and food that's left over
"Ei vud laik tu wisch wuscha ä mevy kwistmäs"
The most weird and I know nobody who follows it is:
sorry
Friends who moved to Switzerland make about double for a similar job
I don't feel like they "mock" me, but occasionally my Southern Upper Austrian dialect comes through quite heavily so then I've got to tone it down a bit to be understood correctly
Why does May still get the blame for Brexit
&#x200B;
/edit: Also 13/14 is actually higher because it's tax free reduced (excluding social contributions) - It is meant as bonus.
I had to google "flesserl - we call them Mohnweckerl in my neck of the woods
The Flak towers of Vienna are the most ugly buildings, but they were never build to be beautiful
Yeah, as much as there's to critizise about our education system, we have apprenticeships pretty dialed
I mean, we did make a movie called Piefke Saga and called it "satire"
What would have happened if Scheidemann doesn't proclaim the Weimarer Republik, and Liebknecht's Republic is the first one
post WW2 it would be events such as the [Kaprun disaster] or the [Galtür avalanche]
but i guess we are too concerned with our celebrities and sports games drugs, and other obsessions to even care about the fact that our government and current political party is slowly but surely destroying our country
Hungarians (and czechs, slovakians and croats, tough not slovenians) are our national bros
Teachers have always been lefties.
Sometimes only Biontech
While I do agree that it should be illegal, I do also understand why there's more of a focus on female circumcision
Crumbs: get some butter into a pan, throw in some breadcrums and sugar (I'd say about 2-3:1 ratio should be _plenty_ sweet), roast until they are nice and golden brown
9 million
It was ultimately what paved way for the NSDAP in the first place
The same way reindeer can fly and big, fat guys come down tiny chimneys.
", also pretty common
Funland must be either a kiwi with a thick accent pronouncing the name of the country, or a beautiful instance of self-deprecating humour
For cities: What about Innsbruck
Most people are proud of it, but the downside to it is that my girlfriend, who's learning German, can't understand anything anyone here says and it's certainly making it a lot harder for her
I've heard it before, especially at night, but it's not something that happens everytime
And if you ask me, that very much counts
A hammered dude with questionable style getting way too close to a chick for her comfort
Viele Rote sehen in ihm einen Arbeitermörder und klerikal-faschistischen autoritären Diktator, der das Rad der Zeit am liebsten um 150 Jahre zurückgedreht hätte, der politische Gegner über paramilitärische Milizen verfolgen ließ, Frauen zurück an den Herd verbannen wollte, der kath
Which is why you move the glass to a more vertical angle once you get towards the end
This is why Greece and Turkey don't spring to my mind when talking about 'eastern Europe'.
So time to get closed shoes and consider long trousers
for your Mutterkreuz-worthy amount of children ...
Only Mexico had protested against the Anschluss - verbally - nobody would have come to assist Austria.
Aba I studier in Innsbruck und ihr Tiroler hond o an schwera Dialekt, da rest fu Österreicg vertsnad i jo no guat aba bei eu wirds a jle schwera, vorallem süd udn sot tiroler
I don't know if it's obscure or anything, but I think Hascheeknödel and Grammelknödel should be known more widely
that's how it started with the ottomans!!!
I'd have missed the most beautiful places and scenes in my life without a car
He's performing low level tasks for a bunch of privileged former colonial exploiters that won't even touch the filthy boat themselves.
Nope
The issue with Greece is that if they default they cannot take on loans for at least around 10 years and with the current issues that is just not feasable.
There's Frontex and limited projects like Mare Nostrum but there's no overarching strategy possible because in the end it is the job of the nation states to secure their borders and the nation states want it that way.
urgent problem with radicalised Tunisian migrants
Yes of course
Fellow Europeans: What is some beef/fights/rivalries you have with your neighbor countries?
Disagreed but apparently i bark (though graz isn't quite as barky as the rest)
Only because he forgot to mention he served for the SA and may or may not participated in some war crimes
He had emergency surgery six times
If the thing you believe in is outlawed then it just might be that you deserve some punches, the same as a robber or a thief deserves it
The boxes contain about 40 different items including a play mat, a changing mat, a digital thermometer, a fleece jacket, several babygrows, a hooded bath towel, a reusable nappy and liners, a baby book and an organic sponge.
It predicts "a significant fall in the saving ratio over the next three years as consumers take time to adjust spending growth to weaker income flows".
Some other fascist who got all the fans of the 3 guys mentioned before
When I went to school most adults were still pissed about south Tyrol (now part of Italy), albeit I'm pretty sure it was mostly a joke
I was going to post a pic of the true Austria, but your pic is definitely better
> What city has AEIOU in its name
9 million votes for Hofer vs 2
Our attrocities in WW2 and the reasons leading to the rise of National Socialism are the biggest topics in history class for instance
While the guy was ecstatic and *would not stop gushing about how cool it was*, his daughter and son were mortified
A shit ton of countries calls them ground apples
This topic is the number one example of the greed of the wealthiest
wow I was stunned
I really have no idea where the cliché even came from, but I remember reading somewhere that "O sole mio" gets requested by gondola tourists so often that a few years ago they considered banning it officially because it's just not a song from the region and some Venetians were quite pissed off about that
(many different sorts of them)
Weird flex but ok
And yes, it's anecdotal, but most people I know prefer summer time
PS: tastes ... sweet and strongly of wood resin mainly
Where you once could have a civilised debate with acquaintances over a glass of wine or beer, you are now electronically screaming at each other
Like three or through
But, and this is a big but: We (as a country / group of central european countries) have already reached the sweet spot
(Standard German word for it is 'Pflaumenmus')
I guess they're better than the communists.
correct
a roughly 1
As for Austria:
Kant lived in the 18th century so any implication of racism in the modern sense is ridiculous
My absolute favourite author: [Mira Lobe - eng.
We are sadly not online 24/7 and sometimes things slip trugh, thats why those threads showed up.
Would make sense, but could be only 2 attackers as well
I'd say that among some groups, flounting your material wealth is kind of looked down upon, while going the hipster/eco-friendly/beige jute bag route is seen as more favorable (among educated people)
He was interview by the public broacaster a while ago (he had organized an exhibition in Austria), and the interview was controversial enough for the public broadcaster to immediately distance itself from Böhmermann's statements
Churches have burned down during the war as well, and were rebuilt
See Art 126(1) EEA Agreement:
What
Especially when learning latin and translating
Braver bua
German (which has an unbelievable amount of dialects, but there are main dialects for every state so the basic number is 16), Austrian-German (fun fact: Austria has so many different dialects that they‘re not countable
Paramilitary organization for underaged children sponsored by DoD = "patriotism".
Fpö Wähler
The von habsburg are still around after all
Hated the paintings, loved the antisemitism
I think he means that being German is nothing to be proud of, because it's not an accomplishment, but just pure luck in the genetic lottery
So technically I have shot, but have way to little experience to "have" experience with guns.
wow
Which worldmap
Last death sentence on our soil was by hanging
well, yeah, we are neutral since then
If you could pick one thing from another European country and have it implemented in your country, what would it be?
I think Barcelona is an excellent location, unfortunately way to many people share that opinion
Economically there is no better outcome for the UK than to stay member of the single market.
German cities have an amazing flair/vibe and I am sure I want to live for some years in a German city
It's common for men and women
Nothing special for Europe Day
I will definitely do that
I would like to refer you to this relevant wikipedia article I stumbled upon last week when I was on holiday in another EU country:
The SA and SS helped you vote and it was far from a secret ballot
Telling you that you won’t get preferential treatment ?
Whenever there is a public agency it might get complicated
Yeah, they just needed something to rhyme with "poodles"...
The problem is the ink
Pythonesquely absurd while focusing not on the absurd but making it seem believable
An Empire ruled by [potatoes]
One week in one of my colleagues decides it would be a great idea to shoot towards Hungary
Where do we have cities/towns like that
> Austria in particular, c’mon, glass houses doesn’t even come close…
Currently listening to Coffee Break Spanish:
There is also the strange case of the car attack in 2015.
My favourite peeve is when they congregate on the end of an escalator
I always love this:
And you are what happens when you exclusively consume media with the opposite bias.
Ooh I'm so looking forward to the complete ban!
You could try and look for TV shows from European countries that have english dubs (or at least subs).
It’s just horrible to see how issues at school are barely ever treated as real issues just because they don’t cost money
A ton of "beggars" are actually begging for a crime organization and only get to keep a tiny amount of money
The lakes of Carinthia are also very nice
Same here
I didn't even know there was that many
I've seen Swedish versions, det er fredag mina bekanter
I often hear, other than the time Mozart and all the other important musicians lived around here, that during Austrio-Hungary and under Habsburg was the golden time of Austria
uhh enjoy
My handwriting is so bad that it usually becomes an “e”
Especially plastic bottles are their main field
Someone once broke the front door lock trying to break into my parents' house
ASDFGHJKLÖÄ
I actually live in one of those buildings, which I often curse when I try to drill holes in the wall to mount stuff
So 5 years and a few months in Austria
My second name is Friedrich, nice to see someone who's not making fun of it ;'}
I have published for english, italian, french, spanish, polish and danish Wikipedia and everywhere my changes were live immediately
Yeah riding such a thing down a mountain would certainly be a riot
More focused on the rebuilding efforts, the Trümmerfrauen and how big of a deal rebuilding the Stephansdom was, for some reason my teacher found it really important to focus on that
And nobody cares about them
So the only thing to set you apart from your peers were these formal titles (like Hofrat) which you gained by working for the "government".
My department lead was pretty impressive, you could give him a beer in an unmarked glass and he could tell you pretty precisely what part of the country it's from
(Like prisons)
Its much safer now pretty much everywhere in the Western world than it was in the last 50 years
Because people working their ass off 50-60 hours a week to get food on the table and buy some nice things for themselves and their kids makes for a "high" standard of living on paper, but doesn't change the suckiness of their government.
We had a castle at the city center built in the 13th century but it was destroyed by the french in the 19th century, except for two buildings
Stephens" (but in hungarian and german)
Well, I think he is primarily refering to the newspapers, which are the worst bunch in Europe IMHO because there is so liitle diversity.
Or painting bike lanes next to parking spots, or on already very narrow streets, is just asking for trouble
I often call a fan a ventilator
I just really like walking in them
I know alot of Austrians who do that
We learned about the institutions, how they are made up, what their job is etc
Related to bread but not really bread bread
But I guess you would just start sooner, so it might even out...
There are only the mail votes to count tomorrow and they won't be able to change the result
this one is my favourite by far
I suddenly have the urge to move to Romania
Will it have a monthly subscription for just 9
Iron path sounds like right from a 70's Hongkong Kung-Fu Flick
also see the comment [here] that explains why
Then there is a three to six-letter/number sequence
I think american football has quite a big following in europe as well
I’ve never googled names of anyone I personally know, and expect the same of others
there didn't seem to be any ambiguity as to where they are coming from (except Kukuruz, which listed Serbian and Czech as origins)
The South is completely different than the North for example.
I had a biology teacher explain to my class what transsexuality is, but the thing she was actually explaining was intersexuality
Holy shit that's funny
000€
Maybe read up on "großdeutsche Lösung" vs
i only heard it the way i translated it, but we usually use piefke instead of german in the end :)
Let's just allow child labor in coal mines again then
Not much more I guess
So it might be a problem with the producer/their service contract?
Firstly, the College d'Europe was founded in the spirit of the pan-European movement, but it's in no way affiliated to the EU, but rather a private college subject to Belgian law
vorarlberg wollte zur schweiz aber ihr wolltet sie nicht:
&#x200B;
A truly Austrian song that was really overplayed imo was [Eine ins Leben by Pizzeria und Jaus] But it‘s quite a good song so I‘m not complaining
- "Schwabo" means "Swabian" in Bosnian/Croatian/Montenegrin/Serbian and is a common expression for "German-speaker" among people from the ex-Yugoslavian countries
Ibiza, HC Strache
I like that
We dont like germans
German islamist spy gay porn...well...i've seen weirder things.
This heraldic element is called "[mural crown] and is a typical symbol burgués and/or republican
And given the amount of travellers, probably the inner-country rails are more important than a connection to Greece
For Austria, i‘d rather say Schnaps
*for now*
The whole question of „what did your country invent“ is a bit tricky since, as you have correctly pointed out, national boundaries have chamged so much over the years
The election were on European, national and regional level
You fucks might have wasted a lot of money for weird things in the past, but still, urop-brethren and stuff.
Make 10 New ski alpin disciplines so we can finally rival the Norwegians with their 100 cross-country skiing disciplines
I'd have probably found it funny, if it wasn't for the fact that i dislike Vienna (like every other Austrian that doesn't live in Vienna).
I remember when I was a kid, I had to know the dog-free areas of my city to get around and not get bitten
Also a bit with the Holy Roman Empire which crown now lies in Vienna in the Imperial Treasury.
Austria is a Republic
It’s not at all a taboo to talk about it
Old English is very close to old German, therefore I can understand quite a lot :)
You will need/get a "Green Insurence Card" in which the countries where your insurance is valid are stated
Kinderpunsch tastes way better than actual Glühwein
Sure thats 4:50 AM
Same
yes, the good old *Idiotenapostroph*
It's faster and easier with trains.
Making your country as unattractive to them as possible
The real question is wether you like my art or not
What do you think of the idea that Europe is just a part of the US empire
with all pros and cons that entails
Also Austrians make very little difference between p and b, t and d as well as between g and k.
Maybe he means all the questionable shit Orban got up to regarding press freedom and such.
Really
Hearing that Austria is a poor country in Eastern Europe has really surprised me most of the times.
Here's some slightly younger and vital people smiling
-Engelbert Dolfuß
Charles de Gaulle
Was looking at the latest 2016 report and couldn't find it.
But the one store I'm physically in is only in one state and one county, even if that chain has stores in different states
I guess no, it's a bit odd here, rural Austria has many christian traditions which many non-believers particape.
The fun thing about the Extrawurst idiom is that in Austria there literally is a sausage called Extrawurst
"ppl are too stupid to know what's best for them so let's let politicians decide that instead"
how is only using one hand to eat child-like?
it's the only date in the year that contains only 1 number (including time).
Let sit for a couple of minutes.
The spokesperson doesn't deny tanks being there.
> culturally vibrant
Why would you argue it's more correct
Our arch dukes chauffeur drove a different way, than he was supposed to
Aussa die Tepf, heit gibt's Nudeln
We got into a conversation and the father of the group could not get over the fact that my friend lived in an apartement in the 800 year old housr next to the beergarden
But are Santas TOMs good enough to justify profiling
2) the ancient agypts are at fault,  because there are no woods on the pyramids,  because they cut all the trees, that were growing on them (on a human made building
No need to buy when you're the best choice (:
In Italy however subsidies resulted in an insular economy as  Northern firms simply constructed and operated works which got their resources from the north and which sent their products to the north for further processing
Thats what Vienna water is
See [community rules & guidelines](/r/Europe/wiki/community_rules).
At least not bigger/smaller than other places with similar demographics.
That’s just another one of those „My COVID-19 project“ bragging pictures
This one of the first songs we learned for our English classes, along with the other classic "If you're happy and you know it, clap your hands".
I can relate to this
** this is more a piece of culture than an actual meal, but one I'm really fond of
I think he's talking about the 2000-2006 “incident“, where we (well, not me actually, considering I was just about 10 years old back then) broke out of our “eternal grand coalition“ and briefly had a coalition government containing the christian-democrats (ÖVP) and the freedom party (FPÖ).
Renzi was hoping he can make the process more efficient but apparently there is no way.
Wenn Du gwusst häst wos dei klana "gscheita" Kommentar dir eibrockt, dann häst wahrscheinlich dei deppate Goschn gholtn.
as a Slovak who works in Austria who likes to travel, euro makes my life significantly easier :) have you ever been in Prague
And teacher because nobody wants to deal with some of these disrespectful pre-pubescent teens
And you might get punched in the face, and you would deserve it
>	The weakening of Spain and the distraction of Spain from Gibraltar via the Catalonian question would absolutely be of British interest in regard to Gibraltar
It took over years since it had to be done step by step
Well tbh, when I'm abroad, I'd gotten used to saying that I was from Austria and, when I was met with strange looks, following that up with "the country south of Germany
Russia was/is an important export partner to Austria.
Glück = Glick
there'll be dead people on the streets
In Austria we do that too
I hardly ever peel potatoes though, unless the recipe doesn't work without peeling them
This happens to me way too often
That was sorted though so we cool
And of course the people of the UK should be bothered, because their livelihood is at stake and their ruling government proves to be completely clueless as how to further proceed, but toodles, amirite
And kinda underrated:
Norge sounds like it has an emphasis on the e :/
#All votes:
double shame on the locals who go there
Germany has come a long way since then and I don't think it's fair to hold people accountable for something their grandparents did
800-900€/month is around the high end for "minimum expenses" I'd say, you might get away with less but then again being foreign OP might not know immediately how/where to save some money or get better deals.
Yes, if you run you can go from germany to belgium and back to germany within seconds
> Planet of the Apes -> O Homem Que Veio Do Futuro (The Man From The Future)
That's common in the countryside
Das dürfte auch Auswärtigen keine allzu großen Umstellungsschwierigkeiten bereiten
Science can imagine a lot
Now at /r/france: French redditors pretending to be American alt right centipedes pretending to be French redditors voting for Le Pen
"the object" and "to object"
If you live in the countryside, yes, but a lot of people (most people
Similar to ш. No idea where the rest comes from though
I like what Weizsäcker said about that in 1985:
* Germany (duh)
Needs a bit of Stefan Raab with his weird laugh sprinkled on top
I think in English one thinks of the moon as female and the sun as male, when personified
Italy
Most tourists only visit Vienna and Salzburg
3 times a week 10 lessons a day, one day 8 and one 6or7
about it, and humans will
Desperate times call for desperate manners
If it were up to me, I'd take away the German anthem, which is actually a bastardized version of the [Kaiserhymne] the old Imperial Austrian anthem, and make it ours again (with more topical lyrics, of course)
that's just stupid
Since four years we are the city with the biggest quality of living in the whole world.
But even without that happening, I'd say fairly frequently, if not every day then certainly every other day that US is on the front pages
That indeed is rare
The problem with Basti is that he's shacking up with the right wingers, who H.C. was a part of
Here in Vienna, cranberry sauce is for tourists, or peasants
Their hearts are in the Augustiner Church
Overall I think it's not too special but I can't complain
Mozard may have been german, but Austria has Mozart!
[Arrestor Cable Snap feel good video]
I am not complaining
Heeresgeschichtliches Museum
There is a real danger that should he get into office, he would be confronted with foreign politicans and diplomats with different points of view
Russia, hands down
However one of them, the "Gendarmerie" Doubled as militia during the occupation time after WW2 until we were allowed again to found a "prober" Military, that showed also im the Name of the Ranks and the hirachy which was more Military like
French coffee – weak as the Maginot line
I think it was a mixed bag for Czechoslovakia
Is it proven that women wearing revealing clothing increases their risk of getting raped?
If you don't like the topping on your pizza remove it, but please dear god, shut the fuck up about it
He was having a meeting with partners from Montenegro and they all sat together speaking English
And it would become more nationalistic since now there are those anoying "northerners" on the border
Sometimes they treat us to some episodes of The King of Queens or The Nanny
Not even by Germans from what I've witnessed, nobody i have ever met naturally pronounces words the perfectly right intended standard way, even if some of them try very hard
we still dont have south tyrol back
What would cause less uproar if Brexit happened, in your opinion
WW2 too
Historical flack:
I think they meant the ["YEEHAA 'MURICA FUCK YEAH!"] type.
One guy said that in 1991 in a heated debate
On the other hand it's making my blood boil when Serbs are building monuments for terrorists like Princip.
My father still thinks his beloved Seiko watches are a German brand, with their 'great unmatched German engineering'.
i guess that makes sense, although its quite simplistic.
I mean i obviously cant tell their citizenship, but i can definetly tell someones ethnicity if they are european
People seem to not understand that Germany/Austria/Switzerland's borders **to each other** have been the ones that have been there the longest
(Talking about the Lederhosen and beer stuff)
That's the airport that can be reached in precisely no time from the city
Also (correct translation: auch)
We should donate our [Walser Berg (483m)] to you guys
Might as well call this law the Fuck-Apple Law
I don't really identify with any of that, to be honest
Very similar
The government crisis after the Ibiza-Affair showed quite well why having a president besides the government is important
This is similar to a Gnocchi dough
Confusing, there's no hole in the ground and no space-time distortions
If you cross the border as a single male person then it's very likely they will inspect you
The problem is that the EU is not one country
Perception is probably different, because while weak in actual power, the federal states are big on rhetorics:
There are lots of savoury things around that are not very herzhaft
What I meant was when given the choice between Dirndl and a normal dress for a wedding most women I know (20 to 25yrs) don't even think a Dirndl would be appropriate
*A backl watschen san glei aufgrissn
Except when I learn new words, like a year ago with sensitive/sensible
/Mrs
That's the nature of companies
yeah Physics was 90% math at our school.
We do this after the final exam
I like Germans
You referring to Austria Hungary
There is even a joke that if you are not related to me or my neighbor you don't belong into the village since 80% of the village is related to at least one of these families somehow (but many are related like: my grandmothers cousin married the brother of the wife of his grandfather)
One of the little stories was that he had to carry a friend from a 3rc floor party down the staircase, which actually entailed carrying her down 6 floors
The usual, as with most countries:
The arguments were that Rock should be literally translated to "Fels" which sounds stronger
political pandering for the next election...
Was under the impression it related to being in favour of the Irish Republic in contrast to the British Monarchy
I am not the biggest fan either tbh (e.g. safe, cringe, etc)
Garagardo/sagardo bat eta pintxo bat mezedez
There's definitely a reason why paypal and Venmo are that popular
And the way those sources contradict themselves and each other.
On Saturday, April 2nd 2005, the Austrian TV station ORF1 showed Dreamwork's Shrek in their 20:15 timeslot
That doesn't mean it's true
Because just stone is inprecise
I imagine there were fines for those who begged, which they couldn't have paid anyway
Fucking greedy sellouts, I bet half of the pro-voters got money from lobbyist for this while the other half is just plain stupid
What about your supreme leader
Takeshi's Castle, do I even need to say more
Much of this goes for me as well, although I do often speak the dialect.
(They also had 7 years of coalition from 2000-2007
You have to remember that there are also lots of places in Europe that are simply very old and trying to bolt another generation of infrastructure onto something that is already a few hundred years old isn't very easy
Yeah, the tings we say about germans aren't a joke
The „Constitution Court“ VfGH, Verfassungsgerichtshof
Then go and vote Geert Wilders who spreads lies, fear and hate and who causes an overall feeling of negativity among the citizens.
Again : what did you expect ?
We have such a wide variety of dialects, I googled how many and according to studies there are too many to count them
Because I just saw Stranger Things S03: Anything involving fathers getting upset about their teenage daughters dating, or parents not allowing boy-/girlfriends to stay over and being intimate
Please do not forget that every dialect does contain mostly unwritten work arounds for some words or vowels
No, not without risking being doxed.
I mean what else would you call someone who sells themselves?
In Austria you can pretty much say what you want.
Guessed it, I am from Styria
Shifts happened mostly for administrative reasons and because of shifting spheres of influence, and the city gained importance before being made capital because of economic and geopolitical reasons (location, trade) and good economic policies (attracting commerce) as well as investments in infrastructure and research
Instead van der Bellen decided to run for office himself.
I don't even know where i could buy such an insult of a beer in austria
They had a kind of earth, wood, and brick made castle up there, but it burned down at some point
But it's definitely not the norm
I don't own a car, a flat, have a girlfriend or have any other financial liabilities.
Maybe I missed it, but I found the first questions a little bit difficult to answer (was that the anxiety inventory
Heast deppata, s'eh kloa dass des da Grund is
> and you think the UK having difficulties leaving an economic union as laughable and as embarrassing as Trump
You should probably call your jalapeño-infused food "sharp", to not cause any misunderstanding :D
Edit: before I get shit about the inaccuracy of my post to clarify: number one rule when you don't want the taste to go too much into the water
I chuckled
I stick with my solution
You include the Caucasus but not Turkey
Yes we had, but only one year in secondary school
Hey, already the second American in Austria here on askeurope, welcome :)
We built much more massive with a bigger emphasis on quality  and durability
That is actually an issue for american soldiers training in Germany
It's not exactly a buying age
There was a huge outcry at the new translation of A song if Ice and Fire ten years ago
Einzelunternehmer and other spezial forms of self-employment is diffrent from usual business like gsmbh, gsmbr, ag or gmbh.
That's one part maybe, but it's not the first thing that comes to mind when I hear it
Profil had an interview with him.
Btw
I'd never swear in front of my parents, that just feels weird...
Yeah Zirbenschnaps is not a thing in my region, it's all about the pear schnaps
Gustav Klimt
Alma Zadic got legit threats over this, that's the scary part
You're not paid enough
I'm vegetarian
The aristocracy was stripped of all its privileges and titles in the new republic
Hobbiton, The Shire, Middle Earth
Austria also had a victim mentality up to the 70s-80s. But we had to admit that our people were not really against nazi germany
I also thought that I might have been to some on the list but I can't remember
i second this
If we would start to heavily invest into fusion (if we'd, let's say, pulled all our funding from fusion) commercial fusion energy would come much earlier.
> Fresh meals are healthier and cheaper than takeaway
Considering what I saw from a colleague of mine I understand why, children loose them way to often, so they are easy to replace
like you said, getting new experiences and influences sounds great
Both didnt shoot
an austrian who doesn’t like skiing lmao i get  j u d g e d
I live in the 9th, too, and can confirm that both districts are pretty neat for living
Although most people don't buy it alive anymore.
But why not Austria or Liechtenstein?
The problem is you can't start with informal talks or they never end.
Our southern most province is never in the way
It was walking around in the distance, so I thought it didn't see me
The Nordic model is a failure and many experts and most sex workers agree
God damn that shit hits different when you see those videos of places you’ve been hundreds of times
Well, not quite
It should also be noted that half of the states had only governors from one party since people voting in Austria was a thing
Happened to me once many many years ago, somewhere in the north, I don't recall where - in a cheaper canteen-like restaurant.
The hard thing when learning the language is to figure out which "h"s are silent and which are not
Germans and Austrians use spanish too
ethnicities in the empire, but none of that was "Austrian", most people who identify as Austrians nowadays, would have been Germans before WW1
Bonus points if you learn the local Austrian German dialect, but in general any type of german is fine.
I sure do say oke
I love eel, but I never realized they were a British thing
For me it would definitely be either the Sterische Harmonika or the Hackbrett
I'd probably prefer Switzerland as a country in general but I could imagine myself living in Hamburg or Leipzig
Craft beer is
It'd be comparable with Texas wanting to secede from the USA, the legal, regulatory and economic systems have become so intertwined that leaving is a big mess of trying to recreate all that legislature
Damn you‘re ugly
I have never felt lonely whatsoever
Only if the job is *really* nice.
I permanently live 560m above sea level...
It would be probably between half a year to a year, not a decade...
" s'ma wuarscht"
This sounds like an even bigger project
Aye mate
Eggs I put on the fridge,
) because I wasn't exactly sure if it meant in general or at the moment
Macs are not that common
Usually on the second or third wave sticks
Then maybe I'm just not looking hard enough lol
;-)
According to your [link] Dover has 12.9 million passengers per year, Calais only 10m.
There is also the town Groß klein(big small) and klein klein(small small) in southern styria
Made inquiries about chemtrails in parliament
Everyone has one, nobody ever uses it
My Russian is pretty limited
Well, nobody asked ME
recommend 10/10
But I wouldn't say he is seen positivly in Austria
About how the refugees trying to integrate by learning the Swedish language?
If women wants to get tattoo on her body fine, if she wants to get piercing fine.
It was definitely not a funny/always smiling country.
Do you have to pay for those
I hope nothing else happens, thank god rumours about hostages and a detonation were fake
In some parts of Austria you can drink everything including hard liquors at 16, in some parts you can only drink hard liquors at 18.
Remind me how many Volcanoes are there on our Planet
19 is a very young, very angry van der Bellen!
Wow, I'm used to all my pro-EU subs so much by now that I was extremely surprised by mostly neutral and some negative answers
(don't hit me pls, Gsiberger and Tirolerkrh)
damn grey colors, my bad, fixed now
In Austria it seems to be some kind of national sport...
^(This always reminds me of something else, but I never can remember what it is.
Level 3 opens up some places, if you know what you're doing
This is were you draw the line?
You know why
boring he says, haha
* "O Haupt voll Blut und Wunden, voll Schmerz und voller Hohn,o Haupt, zu Spott gebunden, mit einer Dornenkron"
I also dont like strawberry flavoured Ales
What excursions did your school do
Incredible caricature
You can either solve it by discriminating against men or by alleviating the problem.
This was possible so fast and easily, because as chancellor he had a too high amount of competences, due to the preceding Austro-fascist regime
> Mostly not a choice either in Austria
~4 minutes walking to the tramway station
Spain:
Of course each one of you has to pay 400€.
But something happened thats for sure
Bielefeld, to make a conspiracy theory real and just for the lulz
Obviously this changes, there's everything from light hearted humour to offensive, self depricating stuff
The "rick" part I am taking from the closest languages to English: Frisian and especially Scots
Same for other dark beers
Are you folks in a lockdown at the moment
Vienna's had an ongoing disagreement between the governing coalition parties about how to deal with that problem (more bans/police vs
[Fabio Wibmer] for sure
Viele Konservative (*ahem* CV *ahem*) halten Dollfuß für einen Österreich-Patrioten, ja Märtyrer (wurde ja von Nazis ermordet), der sich dem deutschen NS-Einfluss und dem Anschluss zu erwehren versucht hat
In high school: Frau Professor/Herr Professor
From my experience I can say I work in a hospital in administration and so far nobody has said anything about my septum piercing
Currently unemployed so I hope the public transport connection is better at my future job, because it was a fucking nightmare
Of course we didn't go into the hard details of how the EU works, but its fair to say that we knew:
Actually, under the inner city and parts of the 2nd district, they go as far as 6 levels underground
(That all people behave properly works only in areas where the staff actually cares enough, ie
Or ironic statements like "This wouldn't have happened under Hitlers reign
I mean just this statement alone, even without context:
No word I ever write is normally pronounced as it is written and intended
Germany is actually ahead of Austria
>Brno
(Dialekt) I woas ned wosd moansd, wia lawan e wiama schreim
I almost exclusively know engineers
> Is he viewed positively in austria
- Grammeln, greaves
Huh
Edit: my mistake, I meant Streetview
Abortion and especially abortion after rape is not forbidden in Islam
I can't answer your main question, as I'm not a Germanist
It's more famous because of his rants and paroles he shouted out during the process
It‘s not huge or fancy, but it has its very distinct charisma
the designer didn't even use real architecture, to avoid the quarrels it would cause
Who are the perpetrators
Plus, if there was a danger of English taking over I think many countries would take measures against it in order to preserve their local language and culture
I think of all the people in my general spheres of friends and acquaintances, only 3 truly say they're atheists.
Obviously a nut-job is a nut-job no matter whether he's religious or not
damn
That whole "stranger danger" is mostly media induced mass hysteria
Love Milk
It's incredibly relaxing, fast and, if done right, it can be cheap.
"Griaß di/eich" actually
It connects us to Turkey
It was amazing
> Leberkas-Pepi from Austria
Every new appliance we bought is from the build quality and reliability worse then the older ones
Do those people tend to be Slovak Slovaks or Slovak Hungarians
After the invasion in 1939, he went into auschwitz concentration camp voluntarily and organised uprising and resistance against the german occupation
Fridge
Which city
English is as good a language as any other, so why not just keep it?
America is a huge continent with lots of different countries and cultures.
" It's literally the same in German: "Den Geist aufgeben
We have the stereotypes that it is the Germans who were white socks in sandals - next time I have to listen to these socksandal peoples and count the nationalities.
At least that's what my grandpa told me :)
Its a pre-christian tradition whrere a huge tree is pulled trough the village on sleds by masked adults
- Nationalsocialism
I wonder
Aptly named
At least in North America, the usage of the word is still going strong
They live in complete parallel societies.
Do you speak another dialect or do you speak standard German
eingeschweitzt
Don't forget about "Fäustel" which somewhat derives from 'fist ' but it sounds close to its diminutive
I am not talking about the language but the region
American-football, Fistball, indoor athletics, volleyball, baseball, triathlon, enduro, gymnastics, rallye, Kanu, basketball, ...
> the other UK languages do
Wasn't this story disproven
You mean fitness-apples with 20 % more protein
Quite the contrary, they are next to places that always get sun (peaks of eternal light).
All the other versions teach English to varying degree, some of them sprinkle in some occasional Spanish words
I tried but I just couldn't do it
>  It just that it takes arguably the best metro system in the world and spam of buses, vans, tramps, trolleys etc
The Argentines had no idea what was going on, the fact that later someone drew a white horse on the sign didn't make it better
(/u/lolidkwtfrofl and /u/SilaZ)
Me too
Not so good
Until he hears a beautiful voice one day
Well a friend of a friend **cough** told me once, he gave her afterwards a little tip
Edit: spelling
For years now the European Parliament has been the only sane voice in the EU.
Given the state of libel laws in the Uk I wouldn't get my hopes up too high.
I guess they can have her if they want to?
Also I think it's hard to know what you'd actually miss without having had the experience of being abroad and really, really *missing* some things you know from home
... and the worst part is, people apparently are *expecting* that shit now
It was on a very okay-ish level before Kurz got govermental responsibility
Or, specifically in Vienna, the [Ampelpärchen]
In Austria it's "Apfelsaft gespritzt" --> long live Austria-Hungary ;)
Of course the current situation is not perfect.
this song makes me cringe
It doesn't matter what it says in Art 49 TEU since the *lex posterior derogat legi priori*-principle is also relevant in international law (see Art.
Afair your birth/citizenship certificate (or documents created from that, such as a passport) + your positive proof that you finished high school ("Matura") and are allowed/able to study
But tbf we get taught a lot about it in school (at least I did) so it may be touchy, but we still do talk about it
Yeah, but with reduced calories you will have to think about nutrition at some point sooner than later
It's unimaginable for me
They got like 0-2 % in the last elections
In Vienna, we get our tap water directly from springs in the alps
Mrs
The problem the US also has is that it doesn’t have an internal registration system - once you are in you are in
This varies in my own experience
Good Day, I [am] call[ed] John, it rejoices me Them know-to-learn
Skiing is the devil and mountains are meh
Also the Austria-Germany border
Alles erdreich ist österreich untertan
Credit card charges are good
how the fuck did we get here
It's the ministry for health and women which are two areas that are simply split differently in Germany.
And nevertheless is my „remote place“ less than an hour from the German border in a valley with 40
If you're commiting a crime because you're an idiot you are still commiting a crime even if you don't know any better
^ ^
And are you annoyed when someone picks out coins to pay exactly or dont you care
We go to the basement to relax.
Probably the upcoming national holiday of Austria the 26th of October
He wasn't insane in any clinical sense
Just be careful if you try to compare answers from different points in time
(Ye, I know no such language exists)
Behave yourself
I think our 2nd and 3rd biggest cities, Graz and Linz respectively, are generally more unknown than our 4th and 5th biggest, Salzburg and Innsbruck
Right
that's entirely true
With Netherlands I just always tend to think of demons or something.
i hear news that its worse then ever and news thats its getting better.
IANAL, so I'm not sure what exactly is considered "hate-speech" in Austria, but I can tell you some restrictions we have here that would be protected by free speech in the US.
[(Compare)]
I was working as a ski instructor and once a German tourist asked me if we wear normal clothes as well in our freetime
Edit 2: Universities that teach in english are extremely common tho
No it is not the same
When in Rome
Because these kinds of things usually are based on some sort of human sacrifice
Whenever I visit my family in the states, though, I keep the instinct of taking off my shoes
Their members have waffen SS tattoos
Well then they aren't from your country as of 2019 nevertheless
Totally unexplainable, on the other hand, was, that my mine dog, sleeping in the laboratory, showed signs of extreme nervousness, half an hour before
Honestly, that someone like Korwin-Mikke sits in our parliament should be shameful for every European.
This is the german conditions for the university of Vienna vor example
Can we also talk about how the EU budget is not a black hole
Mlinar | NEOS | 405 | contra
There needs to be a hyphen: Österreich**-**Ungarn
I really like it
When TSOM hit the cinemas, the sequel to the original movie had just run, so nobody was interested in the "disneyfied" version of the same story again.
Not really, teachers are usually relatively free to do what they want
also: TU FELIX AUSTRIA NUBE
As I've written below in Austria gay couples can care for kids that need special attention but that's not classical adoption imho.
Spar usually has them refrigerated while Lidl doesn't.
roflmao
Jebemti, jebemu ...
But McD doesn't just serve fast food here, they also have a cafe section and recently started with "fancy" configurable burgers...
We don't have it and honestly, I don't see how that design survived so long.
Are you really claiming that scissors do less squashing on for example a cooked grape tomatoe than a sharp knife
And that's all
Weak democracy when it comes to the way they vote.
Its nice for like
Taking the submarines for a spin on the Danube is just not the same
In Austria it is der Akt/die Akte in German it is die Akte/die Akten
You cannot prove how you used EU money properly, you won't get any more money until you can
] AFAIK that wasn't a secret vote either
I don't know any other country than the US that also widely allows citizens to carry guns
I think a lot of it has to do with the level of taxation and the prevalence of cash.
Especially the period of 1938-1945
still I hardly ever go, guess what you can easily have is never that special, haha
If only all people would understand that countries and companies are there to help people and not the other way around.
This is no way of talking about your democratically elected president and philanthrope Vladimir Putin
Well theres also the issue of severly underpaid civil service labor keeping services afloat
I think all of the german-speaking countries (Austria, Germany, Switzerland) have some sort of rivalry with each other, because we are ethnically pretty similar, but all of us want to be seperate from another
So basically you are German
Well, I'm Austrian and we have a good chance of electing a far-right president this week.
The Vengaboys even un-retired for a week and gave a concert in Austria as a result of this
In Bavarian you have the word "Fotze", which translates to three things.
I would say, currently she is the best candidate for her position and the Germans will miss her if she would retire after the next ellection because they lost too much to AFD.
Switzerland with female suicides looks pretty  nice
As an Austrian, I feel connected to other "small neighbour countries", like Ireland or New Zealand
Better source for such translations is to look it up on wikipedia and switch languages which leads to (Austrian) State Treaty (or use a proper dictionary like leo
Would be nice if a brit could tell me wether I‘m talking nonsense or not
Basically just as any other European country at that time (
Cashiers use them for change money
Basically it's now forbidden to leave the country (I don't even know if that's legal), no holidays, and extra shifts
The UK has no constitution
- Johannisbeermischung, but if you say Mischung and nothing else you specifically mean Weinschorle
As the BBC had to quote some American on water and airplanes, I switched to the [livestream of France 24] which is actually understandable with moderate French skills
brexit
I actually was ignorant how the long nights/days look like in the northernmost parts of the world
^^Disclaimer: ^^This ^^product ^^does ^^not ^^contain ^^liver ^^or ^^cheese
Also their sense for democracy, how intensely they partake in the political decision making
Hütte = Hiddn
The internal cohesion of the SHS state suffered tremendously under the prevelance of a Serbia first mentality among a part of its population
Considering that the elections are due in five days, that things are presumed to go back to business as usual pretty soon, that the moron causing the trouble in the first place has had his career squashed (instead of being elected Head of Government like Johnson was), and that the shitshow here isn't even close to taking as long or being as much of a global embarrassment as Brexit is (it is a pretty hard facepalm for the local population, I'll give you that one), I do think the comparison is quite a bit unfair
Biggest difference is that our right-wing guys are career politicians, who are holding various political positions since a while, and are not complete outsiders like Trump is.
Those odds terrify me
I think this was the one she struggled the most with
English will always be a second language
Übersetzungssoftware des 21
Especially in Kentucky and Tennessee
Had onion soup couple of times
I usually express those directly in the posts you criticised.
Later during 90's they tried to create their own state by war and ended up with republika Srpska.
Love British humour
I've seen picture of police taking away a "defiled" flag of Israel at an anti-Israel protest.
The flows we have now are only a foretaste of what's to come.
Public transport and standing tickets to opera houses (but not everyone knows that:))
[Article] (in German)
I think the referendum about the [Zwentendorf Nuclear Power Plant] was probably the most interesting in our more recent history.
Fun fact: the opening scene of *Gladiator* is supposedly set close to Vindobona
As far as I know it is now used for training purposes
So technically Hitler is German also?
When I'm there I speak Spanish because all my Basque is used up after 2 sentences
To change later to a different form may cause great trouble with the tax paybacks or regulations for employees and the social insurance.
It’s great honestly
That's a good day here in Rio
Mandl | ÖVP | 663 | **pro**
- because it automatically builds a barrier between you and others, you can't have emphasis on the "we" without separating yourself from the "you"
Rome evolved into a similar form over the centuries.
He looks like a second Trump
IT would have been ok for me if You Called me a nazi
That's just called wishful thinking.
> some people consider it as gay if a boy has an iPhone
That's not to forget that currently a whole generation is growing up being primarily cared for by their grandparents
I thought you might have been mixed or something since you also asked about dual nationality options.
If i compare it with something like law internships this is VERY good
Other than that there haven't been any real world consequences yet.
Do they even know how to run a Facebook-Group?
Isn’t it 20 for 10 days
After long residence in the country yes
on the other hand, many other countries "use" metric but are stuck somewhere in conversion limbo
Wenn Robben hinter Robben robben, robben Robben Robben nach.
The train ticket back home thing is just a scam
We do, but just in dialects
we still dont have south tyrol back
That's just outright evil
Except for the non-existing tripoint border, ironically
But that was very much the teachers fault
So, here in Austria we got dumplings made from either potato or [topfen] dough filled with whole apricots ([Marillenknödel] They always come with "Brösel" (a breadcrumb and sugar mixture roasted in - ideally - clarified butter), which are nearly as important as the dumpling itself, and plenty of powder sugar
It's an expression of disbelief and frustration/anger
"Baba" is used very informally or towards kids, so better not use that
As you (probably) know, eating is a **serious** past-time here and we have a huge variety from Corinthian Kasnudeln, Lower Austrian Mohntorte to classic Viennese Schnitzel, Influenced by the former countries of the Austrian Empire all the way up to to Asian Cuisine
You are probably the neighbor (along with Switzerland) who knows the least about us.
It's deeply troubling and social media amplifies it
most of the european countries have to have english in their curriculum, so most of us speak it
I obly heard that people who were born long after WWII don't want to apologize, just acknowledge it
Like: Writing "I´m" instead of "I'm", but that simply is because of the German keyboard layout and I´m too used to the wrong one
At all
A funicular train caught fire because of a design fault and 155 people died mainly because the doors could only be opened by the operator
I don't think I would change anything
I mean, Radetzky, yes
I thought Sweden is also a neutral country like Austria?
To the other Austrians: What do you think
The UK really should just form sort of economic union with Canada, Australia, and New Zealand
On my phone: A very nice candid shot of my husband
Statements are made to create discussion or to make a statement so i don't get your last part of comment
What i just can't wrap my head around is how there, they're and theire is so hard for some natives
Explanation:
For normal districts
Well that escalated quickly
Holding a door open is normal behaviour.
The Habsburger wanted to keep on building up Viennas infrastructure because it was one of the most important cities in the Middle of Europe, _because of_ it‘s Geography
>he just wants to be at the press conference personally announcing it
There is some emphasis on Austrian standard German in distinction to the German standard German  (which colloqially is called Bundesdeutsch) - iE not using the Duden but a distinct Austrian dictionary in school
Finland: Saunas are life
Sarcasm aside: corruption actually runs deep in Austria's political and public veins, but not the kind of in-your-face corruption you might think of, but a way more subtle kind, the kind where legal grey areas get exploited by those in power
They stayed a couple of weeks and were really friendly and outgoing guys
I mean it's one thing to spread propaganda in war but to still believe it 100 years later is pathetic
There is a trip where you start in Vienna, Austria and go to NK through Russia and China
My grandma uses them for fruit salad and ice cream
Deci is old greek for 1/10 and Deka is old greek for 10.
sometimes they're left with neighbors or in [shared parcel boxes] if any are installed
There is also /u/executivemonkey.
Creates bottlenecks on the one hand but also is more pedestrian friendly as at least the town centers are compact, naturally designed to have walkable distances
Closed (some waaaayy to late, sadly - Sorry, Iceland, Norway, Germany and probably rest of Northern Europe)
Also French people speaking German
Crazy drivers all around
To start Ascension talks you need unanimous vote.
The main goal is getting extremely drunk (like every austrian tradition) and people are organised in groups with different nonsensical themes (like Bears, Guys wearing women clothes etc)
It's usually handed to you personally or to a neigbhour, but since Corona most Services Just leave them now at door
, like the ones who eat "Jägerschnitzel". ;-)
Philips was founded in Eindhoven
Graz is not at all ugly
I think it was kind of important in Europe history generally, because it would have made a difference if the Ottomans were able to control Vienna as it was a important city that time
Because psychopaths want to do as much damage as possible and schools usually are gun free zones and not very well guarded
over here it would honestly be seen as rude
"Europhile" What a stupid word.
Not Belgian or Swiss, but I met an Italian guy in London who was surprised to learn that Austrians spoke German
Czech, thank you for your cuisine
Bavaria vs Bremerhaven), and neither are Austrians
because we would go bare feet then
Absolutely
I prefer it over any other cola for sure
Or she just doesn‘t like talking bout it that much but usually people talk about it openly
The women on the left and right look particularly strange; the two at the back more natural
App usually
No problem
I've never used the subreddit, am from Austria and am automatically subscribed to it.
Bei der Oper (wie passend), am Flughafen und ich glaub am Hauptbahnhof
Also I fond the complaining stereotype amusing becaise it's honestly true
The thing is, the street we were on was the road to Slovenia, and our driver just drove without thinking (as is asked of you)
How much closer can you be if you twitter like and repost alt right guys like Milo, Paul Joseph Watson and are an avid GamerGater
We had one prominent billboard on our german border which said "Grüss Göttin" which translates to Greet Goddess, which is a comon greeting form in german but with God instead of Goddess normally
Prof
I'd stay in Vienna, why would I move
I was surprised no one had mentioned it, because it’s so common around my family and group of friends
Yeah, the Socialdemocrats did a good job in Vienna
Played pretty much all Axis Powers and Allieds except UK, not a real bias there
Yeah yeah, indirectly it can affect you, but that's also true for almost every person living around Bulgaria.
Good times
It also says nothing about the Malayam-language version (Dravidian language from southern India), I suppose it has to be either English or Hindi
60%+ have been counted, vdbs lead is outside of the margin of error
Pressure from the great powers to decolonize
I love your enthusiasm about Austrian men
Again I'm surprised how terrible my written Spanish is compared to my spoken one
Makes me want to go on a roadtrip
It would lower the illegal sales and get rid of shady dealers in public parks etc
> We use it for private celebrations too, like birthdays
We've got loads of space for you guys ;-) what we lack in coastline we make up with mountains
European, Home and the European Union, if you want to count that as one word
No I did not refer to plans for German unification
You should know that this series of coins is made for kids.
I would have expected some city on a river being split
-Attributed to Karl Kraus
Also "ministry of the countries defense". Makes sense since we're neutral and don't do offense
2 million or $72
Italy rejected a change of their constitutional makeup.
I think we call it Holland most of the time, at least in Austria.
Same here, some countries think it's super common, I had my first one at 30+.
Thank you
It's a matter of the individual states and in Vienna for example it has been possible for over 20 years now.
So one day his professor told him during a rehearsal: „Sie können ruhig lauter spielen“. (literal translation: „you can quietly play louder“. And he was sitting there wondering how to do that
I hope someone will google that :D
Our police is in no way trigger shy when bad situations come up; those just don't happen all that often.
There are slings for them
Whenever I see this I tip an employee of the hotel to get rid of 'em right away
If you clink your glasses across the arms of two other people clinking, you'll  have ugly kids/bad luck
It was more a "beautiful AND very cheap women" stereotype.
If you want to be an outdoor cat, then go out of the door and leave for god's sake
ach ihr wisst was ich mein
That's literally the worst lie I have ever heard.
>Are there different track gauges though
I know that lots of data can be looked up by government employees at a whim, without any authorization or reason.
I'd potentially attend a get-together in Vienna.
One discussion started with the friend saying unironically: "Bueno por lo menos con Franco eso no pasaba" while claiming that the majority of rapes in Spain are committed by "chiuis" (or however you write that slur for Latinamericans)
For some reason it's way less threatening if you know the person is occupied/minding their own business/not being sneaky
i dont understand this statement.
American football has been growing in popularity in Austria and Germany in recent years.
I want other people to tell me about my mistakes so I will get better
I don‘t know why that was the first thing I thought of
> and you think the UK having difficulties leaving an economic union as laughable and as embarrassing as Trump
It's probably one of the biggest honors in chemistry/physics to have an element named after you
2 years ago I was visiting Paris with my mother
Some of these supplies were then captured by the advancing Turks while the rest of the supply train was reorganized and went on
[I've found the exact dialog that happened beforehand]
It's sadly more common than you think :/
Sadly there is no place called Grossgross and I was very devastated finding it out
what kind of democracy is that?
Citizenship comes with responsibilities and many can't even properly fulfill those responsibilities for one country, no matter two
yes, but it's complicated, e.g.
Takeshi's Castle, do I even need to say more
There are alternatives like [
Also the Deppen-Bindestrich (fools hyphen: Putting a hyphen in compound nouns because you copy english costums into the german language - if the Nazis had won, it would be the other way around)
Graswander-Hainz | SPÖ | 542 | **pro**
The Joe Biden everyone can see and hear on video, or the bubble deniers like you are living in
Wow, I've never seen someone from French Polynesia around
making it all peatonal except for residents and public transport
No more tourists in Venice
Whatever benefits his own pockets the most, is likely to happen.
We think the same about the *Wasserkopf Wien.*
True the whole "surrender monkey"  thing is a lot older, and that against the nation you own your own independence to
Instead of accepting the demands, they counter-offered to donate 52000 packages of cookies to different welfare facilities
Where do you get that many Brits to speak German
I do that
But Sarajevo is weird as hell
Can't remember the name of it but people say it's good.
A problem is that does additional tunnels were undocumented, the town had an problem with an public building sinking because of an cave in of such storage tunnel
I am pretty sure that a lot of the stuff that american engineers do is often done by normal worker (Facharbeiter) in Austria or germany
Don't say Austria dominated you but the Habsburgs.
Same for leaving – I can't tell you how often I had to fight the impulse to feel offended when I stayed in Japan, and people honestly started packing up and leaving at the indicated time
For example, this sub has seen Van der Bellen countless times in public transport
I'm not sure a lot of people would be able to tell whether someone comes from Korea or China unless they explicitly tell you
>Er sagte, nachdem er das Haus, welches in der Straße, die eine Kurve, die scharf war, hatte, stand, sah, "oh".
If you can find a house for the price it will have very little land, be small (under 100m2), and/or need complete renovation/tear down
My parents had their non language subjects teached in dialect and that is not common anymore
are just not part of any continent (and in the end, "continent" is just an arbitrary human name for "huge island", in a way
Not, if you're a liberal democrate.
Yeah that's right
•Oceania (although many people just call it Australia which always bugged me)
Look as soon as people tell other people what to do and there are is some consistency to it it is a government no matter how you call it and what it exactly looks like.
In the same night a French girl I talked to said that she can't wait to get home again because she misses good tasting food
Like how often their stories take place in churches (like in /r/TIFU : TIFU by shitting myself at church or TIFU by asking out  this cute girl at my church) and aparently it's totally normal in the US to regularly go to church even if you're otherwise normal
that sounds like turks and germans alright.
This is similar to a Gnocchi dough
-also some people consider it as gay if a boy has an iPhone (It‘s Austria, people are conservative in a really weird way)
>So in essence if you carry an illegal firearm and use it to kill someone in self defence, you will be fined for the offence of carrying an illegal firearm, but you won't be punishment for (reasonable) use of said firearm
In all of the houses in my area I know, there is just one woodstove that only heats one room
"For my vacation I have to Italy, the country of Romans where the sun is shining and the lemons bloom gone
When
They should have noticed that something was wrong with these as soon as they arrived.
I say me importa un coño, estoy hasta el coño etc
Who did we vote for -> European Parliament
Make sure you notify him if you’re leaving cookies out
Freund | SPÖ | 468 | **pro**
Rakousko sounds pretty awesome for some reason
I thought he was kind of the safeguard if the gouverment or parlament go rouge.
This resulted in the famous "Gott schütze Österreich" Radio Speech and it was decided to don't resist Wehrmacht
The reason why you don't is, you simply aren't allowed to expand your territory in southern direction, not because you don't want Bavaria to have any inside friends.
Lessons in Austria are also 50mins long.
In 7 years of history classes, I never had the impression of getting a complete overview of the history of humankind, but rather each teacher taught the part that they found interesting personally
Without much bureaucracy, northern countries could send troops to help southern countries control the outer borders, or the EU could be much faster and more effective in helping/intervening in conflicts elsewhere.
Idk if you meant people younger than me, but he is known
Thanks to Germany for being our bros
Schools in all stages solely in Hungarian, public institutions ranging from the town hall to courthouses, cultural associations, tv/radio/news, shops, etc
It's easy to become rich as a tax haven
Anyway, it reminds me that Vienna was bombed more than other cities and I sometimes try to connect this thought with the stories my grandparents tell about that time
Probably [St
When I look at America all I see are the black dots from this chart
It's no surprise to me, that items from international brands often are more expensive the smaller/less noticeable their logo is
But I do think that they made choices that are in conflict with the policies of the EU and as such the EU will have to find a way to deal with those choices
Florence + The Machine
The actual underlying issue is very complex and is actualky not between Austria and Germany but northern and southn parts of Germany.
You are correct
Freudian slip
Germany
Its not always that bad of course
I can assure you that while people may criticize Wagner as a person, his works definitely aren't being dismissed from a musical standpoint
> CADENAS LUI EN HAUT ! PEUX PAS SOUCHE LE LE STYLO !
The typical 'neighbour joke" in Austria is usually about the next state, not another country
- I prefer swimming in an alpine lake over swimming in the sea, although both are cool
Many are now getting FTTCB (curb = for a whole neighborhood) or, if worst comes to worst, no fiber cable up to the exchange (0
Here's an [American themed float] The focus is really on "funny", not on "scary" The American counterpart would be Mardi Gras.
Walking
And are you finally able or willing to Answer my questions ?
And they should return to or debut at Eurovision
Der Nutella obviously
&#x200B;
You're right
Werkzeug - work thing - tool
The thing with the tables starts around min 2:22
Whenever there's a football match involving any of the former yugoslavic countries, many sons and daughters of immigrants from former Yugoslavia come out of their respective districts and fight each other.
I see chefkoch and instantly think "I bet there's cream in it!" :D
We have kids dressing up as a black guy (one of the three wise men) every year for after-Christmas celebrations (6th of January)
Is she invited in the original story
Or so I have gathered from the Wallander series
Where are you from
Considering we are among the top 2 or 3 countries within the EU in terms of refugees per capita (*latest stats I have found on this might be from 2015 sadly, don't know where I could find anything more recent), I believe this is something that has become necessary for the sake of keeping the general public at least somewhat "happy" and preventing a potential far-right future government.
Not really a problem in German: Rumänien, Rom vs Roma & Sinti
Flavia Solva is a small one, there is a café wher you can look through glass at the Roman foundations
The flood lights on the prison wall shone directly into my room and the curtains weren't long enough.
Once in the summer and once around Christmas
This is
Whether the orange or green part of a Twinni (very popular popsicle) is better
Unfortunately, Grinzing has degraded to a kitschy tourist village
That still leaves you with 70 minutes for swimming.
I hope more people see this
Good trade imo
The Roman Empire, Habsburg Empire and all those Empires is about the most we learn about countries that didn‘t do something globally that affected us or are neighboring us
And while I have unlimited texts and minutes in my own country, in every other country I have to pay expensive roaming prices.
Liechtenstein would like to have a word
What would you tell me if I had a different flair ?
Maybe I feel like I have to, maybe it's just fate
I went to a club in Berlin and it turned out to be a sex club, and there was an orgy about to happen
You also changed the original text of it
Oh no, the picture is just comparing Father Christmas to the Christkind, it's usually either or, never both together
Trotzdem wird uns vorgeworfen, uns nicht vergeblich geopfert zu haben
So what concretely makes Austria "small Germany" and e.g. Switzerland or Luxembourg not
"\[...\]  to secure the deal recently promised by Trump and Ursula von der Leyen, the European Commission president
Ever heard of separation of powers
Conscripts can't be sent out of the country afaik, and as we are not in a war ourselves it's not really dangerous to be a conscript
The fact that they are banning people that have been to Crimea is ridiculous
Lloret de Mar is a city, Thailand is a country
No they're saying that it's BS to say "he was born in austria so it's entirely austrias fault".
We aren't activly monitoring that account, but if you just say "Mods, I need your help here!" we usually appear out of thin air ;).
> I think there's even a story about an Austrian and a Russian diplomat having a drinking competition and because the Austrian won, Austria soon got its freedom, but I don't know how much of it is true
And for high school we didn't really do any single-day field trips
You even ignored the: "never trust an austrian"-rule a second time
In Austria the most common thing to say would be:
I think there is a big focus on them in the curriculum due to Austrias role in both
Is a Texit referendum coming up?
After the second world war Austria lost almost 90% of its Area and more than 80% of it's population
Lots of reports before the election, with austrian journalists going to rural areas of the US, to talk to Trump voters.
So it's a loan word that means something entirely different
Belarus looks really stressed
Except of the infamous "Becherkuchen"
Ja, ihr seid wirklich wo angrennt ;D
Mallorca away from any “Ballermann”Locations is actually stunningly beautiful
Tüte / Sackerl
even working your ass off), but labelling things illegal won't stop people from abusing it
What they probably meant is lingonberry jam, which is a common and delicious side dish for Schnitzel
It's sad but that's reality
Aros in Aarhus is also cool
If everyone is talking exactly like each other you could just as well be talking to someone that lives a 1000km away from you and you'd have nothing that you share except for language.
If they have to talk to actual victims
So maybe you dont have to be constantly pregant before 27 ^^
The only thing that connects me with northern Germans is language (and that isn't a given when talking about north germans).
They can also be filled with plums
Let's hope that Le Pen and her partygoes to way of Boulanger or Maurras and theirs
I love how one of these "new" flags is basically an Austria flag ripoff with less white
Your link doesn't work but I think it's some kind of cured bacon right?
Also Traubisoda or Schartner Bombe
In the case of the "mainstream media", I meant more the particular German terms of "Lügenpresse", which implies that the press as a whole always is lying, and "Systemmedien", i.e. all the media is part of some kind of "system", which is of course controlled by "the international east coast elites" aaaand whoopsie, here we are again
A stereotypical Irish accent for me would be pronuncing 'th' like a T, pronuncing the 'a' more like the a's you'd find in Western central europe's languages, talking a little slower than the english and properly pronuncing every single 'r'.
As probably some people never even heard of it, quick summary:
Waltz is very accurate in his assessment
I mean, it makes sense that the German food is the most spread of all
It is part of some Austrian literature and depends heavily on the German teacher
This is not a drawing
I successfully passed my Matura (Austrian Abitur) in 2010
Yes ... this is the reason why I explained it to him
And my mom cooks six days out of seven and even her Restl dishes (left-overs) are delicious:D
Thanks to Italy for delicious cuisine and not usually reciting the part of your anthem that bitches about Austria
Die Diktatur war der einzige Ausweg um unser Land zu beschützen
Who even would do such a thing
Nabucco - Và Pensiero
and  are very good reports of the daily show
A few countries have the ending in -ei for some reason (Slovakia-Slowakei, Turkey-Türkei, Mongolia-Mongolei, Czechia-Tschechei (not official, very colloquial))
I can speak some Yiddish but not school level
There's furthermore a couple of healthcare benefits I haven't looked into because frankly I haven't needed it yet, the option to have lunch with the CEO on your birthday (which is kinda fun truth to be told), an extra paid vacation day a year, child daycare, and some other minor stuff I don't recall
[Austro-Bavarian German and Swiss German]
I really do not know why, though
Also “Schasklappersdorf”
It really means a lot to a lot of people
had a stop there when i went to down under
Last summer I saw a very old campervan with Irish plates stop in a back street in a tiny village in Burgenland and to this day I have no clue why
Trying to fix its problems would also be real nice.
I know it's not exactly a question, but I like this sub so much that I needed to get this off my chest.
If a public holiday is a Sunday, it's tough luck for everyone, but you don't get an extra day off.
I do always put them in the fridge when I get home though
We did our best to raise them and they can come back for a short visit from time to time, but there is no way, they are going to move back in again
de and nocoords
He's a medical doctor, so most likely vaccinated by now
Umgekehrt natürlich genauso
Sure, *irritate* works, but that's pretty close to the word "irritieren", which has another meaning alltogether
In return Germans don't really care about the rest of the german speaking world.
The throne
That's comparing the Brazilian football team to Liechtenstein and Luxemburg...
I was taught that it is indeed allowed in the first few months of pregnancy
My third one is the Czech Republic
Ischgl intensifies
"Polish national security advisor says Austrian Dativ was murdered by Muslims."
You should have named Germany as Austria
Learning another language is always hard
Fucking Baumkuchen
Related to that: [A father stares at the hand and foot of his five-year-old daughter, severed as a punishment for having harvested too little rubber
Warm: 20C - 30C
Blue: German
No chatting with the Princesses
Warm 25
Austrian here, same situation in Germany/Austria too I think.
Also we are running low on desinfectant
there's so many good things about each and every place, it's important we're reminded of those every now and again
At it's core is the concept of subsidiarity with selfresponsibility at it's core
"Eventually" and the German word "eventuell" are false friends
(Standard German word is 'Blumenkohl')
The police need to enforce lights on bikes at night (almost hit a few bikes while on my own bike because of this)
In Austria, we will usually switch to standard-German
As a nativ German speaking person
I also think that "Passt scho" is the most fitting phrase here
The pound dropped and nothing else has happened yet.
I pity every child born these days
We usually watch any of the die hard movies
Here in Austria of course we also have pop music and good music from the 20th century (search for Austropop if you’re interested)
Grüße aus der Nachbarschaft (Oberösterreich)
Depends on which metric you are looking at.
> Romansh is an official language in Switzerland, and it is only spoken here
There's not really any casual discussion you could have about the third Reich
I personnaly believe salaries must be transparent
A vote is held in parliament, it goes through 82 to 79
It was more still lingering Nazi antisemitism and having ex Nazis in the party
It's okay, I just watch a lot of Netflix instead
Well Boris Johnson is the head of it...
I dont get why they didnt just get generic germans at least
2050 is too late
Police: ok, if you don't want, you are free to go
The way they darken their vowels in general, and pronounce a and á... feels right at home
What if you didn't go in the wrong direction but were too far away to reach France
In the end a B1/2 Level can be archived fairly easily - but does that mean that they speak the language ? It just means he sat in a classroom and a test was taken
I think I've read a SciFi-Story with that plot...
I barely understand a thing but i'll listen for hours
This reminds me of a YouTube video about what is considered prohibited/bad/a sin in each persons country and everybody said like religious things or something similar (like sex before marriage or running around without a burka (am sorry if I miswrote that or that isn‘t true, if it isn‘t please say it)) and the italian dude just started a monologue about pineapple on pizza and other foods lol
Mount Olympus - the Gods can't hide forever
net and Rewinside
Bratislava lovingly called Vienna's biggest suburb so who knows, that could work
Sometimes like it when they are a little chubby, too.
I wouldnt mind moving to southern italy or so because i really love the culture and the weather there
Today you can still see the aftermath of the occupation when you compare the economic power of our western half to our eastern half
But when I see somebody holding a gun, I'm totally chilled, because a) almost all (male) Austrians are trained on guns due to milliary service, b) they're not holding guns to "defend" themselves, but to go hunting
Does not compute
When you frequent dive bars and petrol station at odd hours (under the week after midnight) you kinda find people like this.
In Western part of Austria Vorarlberg, where my relatives live, even kindergardeners walk there by themselves
What causes the waves
"Am Arsch der Welt" - the ass of the earth
Jackyll and Hide
Also, the connection Vienna-Triest
I don't think it's available for streaming anywhere
> Or not joking but generally thinking that something Austrian is German
I bet you love cycling uphill on cobbles, too, you sick fuck
Even the rail network that seems to be favored in this thread would be much more feasible if energy was essentially abundant and free as well as CO2 neutral
But I can't really think of a specific meme template that stuck around for longer and only in Austrian subreddits
The most popular ones that everyone is looking for are [Steinpilz] [Pfifferling/chanterelle] and [Parasol] (I linked the German pages for better pictures.)
Jössas
Do you even know how you get the austrian citizenship
There's a link from a week or so ago over on /r/fahrrad quoting a study in, I believe Germany, that over 95% of all citizens asked (pedestrians, cyclists and motorists) said they regularly break the law
Navalny is not eligible so that's not exactly refuting my original comment.
I don't know why everyone (german) forgot "Egal/Mir egal". It is a word apparently only we use and it means I don't care
Possibly both, possibly neither, we can't be sure as there are barely any traces of artefacts that would explain further why they exist
(When can men and women retire?)
I'd love to visit Sibiu one day
The ceiling seems to be intact towards the towards - here is an image for [comparison] It's however difficult to guess if the spire fell through the ceiling but if this was the case, there would be flames coming from the windows of the Nave itself
its not cultural nuances between northern and southern germany, those are the nuances between germany and austria (and austrian influeced germany aka bavaria)
I guess a good example would be a group project, where one does the majority of the work
Kärntnerisch wäre anders und Vorarlbergisch auch
blame the EPP, they need those votes in the EP, that's the main reason you won't see any action against those crazy people
Which is good since austrians historically made the worst decisions on battlefields.
That group specifically is no better than those people you're talking about with regards to that topic.
It's the same with our right wing party
The old world still has many deep set rivalries regardless what a loving and all embracing face the politicians put on.
Yes yes, that was my point
Hero is a charged word, and highly depends on perspective.
Summer 1-2 times per day
) by individual students - and analysed it together as we went
Famous for not starting any World Wars and Beethoven
this and that all the names of functions change, ugh
We don't want them any more you do.
Switzerland is basically just Salzburg with a better tax haven
Ja, genau, so ein kleines Standl das tut als obs zum (sehr superen) Lokal daneben ghören würde
I would add slovenian to your list as that is very important in the south
If he now panders to the left he will lose the voters of the far right that he has cultivated but If he moves even further to the far right the moderates are going to jump ship to the Neos
I hated him for forcing me to do that at the time but now I'm really thankful for that tbh
Maybe a Viennese thing
Very
Also birth place means nothing
Y'all already know
funny thing is he even said something along the lines of "i know that it will be rough there because of the irish, but i think i'll be fine".
> I have a few weeks of confusion ahead
Today was the first hotter day in a week and it was humid as fuck
Yep, that's the [Salzkammergut] lake district.
I consider all of Europe, plus US, Canada, Australia and New Zealand "The West".
For these people, not owning a car and having a small, old and "sensible" phone is preferable to the "white and gold" of Apple products
By the rest of Austria Vienna is seen as unfriendly and arrogant
Mozart House Museum
Not to forget Schnitzelsemmel, Bosna and Kafka
Upperaustrian is the second worst thing you could call me just after viennese
That is 80% of the Western world
Probe (correct translation: rehearsal or sample)
I am not sure if you've actually done that
Sammatti	IT
You are similar
A childhood without Asterix & Obelix must be a very sad one.
Apparently the liver part of the word is from a word meaning leftovers and the cheese part refers to the loaf shape
As someone just 5 kilometers away from the Mühlviertel and as a native of the district Eferding (basically farmer central in the upperaustrian heartland) I prolly should also confess that we're also a bit countrybumpkiny
- ~12 injured (all gunshot wounds), 7 of them in a pretty critical state
I am saying you should do your own math.
Die Schachnovelle
Die Wolke
No one speaks exactly like the standardised version dictates, with various changes to the language that'd be deemed wrong.
Vorarlberg seems to punch way above it's weight
Other highlights include "Socialist Uprising, but they can't find their weapon stashes because their messengers are caught and there was apparently no backup plan for this", "Chancellor-Dictator calls Nazis and Hitler Evil, probably for religious and power reasons (and proceeds to be shot by Nazis)" "Vorarlberg tries to join Switzerland but they say no" "Nazi Party has internal disagreement over being democratic (they decide on no and turn to terrorism instead" and of course "Whatever the fuck Schuschnigg was doing in '38".
Negotiations are dead and haven't been going anywhere for years.
>Fireplaces make a comeback currently, but they are just for heating one room
Maths = Red
free public toilets are disappearing here too
this is not like paying billions of euros.
Only a small percentage of european reality is portrayed on here.
I get my information from Standard, Kurier and Presse, three of the most reputable newspapers in Austria.
Like an r/Maghreb but with a lot of people in it
you can now also say that if a company hiring a male over a female they are more careful and never official say that the decision was because of the gender and not qualification
It's moving the goalposts by taking a view and crossing out all evidence that doesn't support it
At first, they started spreading rumors about VdB suffering from Chancer and Dementia.
Please fix czechias railway first
Then I might have misremembered that.
We had a sea connection, we had plenty of excitement
Many Carinthian surnames have Slovenian roots
[Here's an example of him starting his musical career]
He basically said “find a solution - even if it’s one that’s out of your comfort zone”
Im on my way to the westbahnhof and even planning to buy two cheesburgers
But those that were into it (at least around 30-40% of the population), [were *really really really* into it]
Berlin is a shithole to be honest.
>But I can't really think of a specific meme template that stuck around for longer and only in Austrian subreddits
It wasn't totally clear what sentence she would have gotten if the she'd have had to go on trial, but since the woman was Muslim they feared that it would be more than just a month of prison.
There are different traditions
However they come with a bunch of other people we neither need nor should be able to accept
Especially because it has the "every Russian guy ever"-actor who is actually from Croatia or so in it
A (VW-)bus that seats 8-9 ppl - but not driving around downtown, but taking the shortest way to the motorway to get some place else.
Laxenburg Park
And if I should think of words:
Others stayed in Austria ready to take orders
The shards are thought to be proof that this region had very early settlements
Yes
Ooh, tell him about the *Einspänner* and *Kapuziner* next!
But the old dialect like Mundl spoke it is cool.
If it's a 'normal' AHS (Highschool), in 3rd grade, you'll get to choose between Latin and French.
Germany
I learned cursive in first grade primary, then switched school and the new class learned printed-like in first grade and cursive in second
It is not officially connected to the state, but some well known politicians are members of one of them
Some prices will go to 2 and some to 1
Du los mei Pitti
Can't think of a reason why you would post on a subreddit ofeuro-socialist cucks either, besides being a troll or having a huge inferiority complex.
Personally, it‘s really my favorite place for skiing
Hofer is by far the most disgusting person on the political stage.
Schnitzel of course, or the smell of forest and mountain air
Also in the worst case you can just pack your things and make camp in the 17th bundesland
Really depends on where you're going and what type of vacation it is:
you are absolutely right !
What you call a Frankfurter, we call a Frankfurter
–> So you make people make something
Jakob Schuldverschreibung - rolls off the tongue so nicely
Generally the conservatives in Austria didnt get enough shit postwar for basically serving the nation on a platter for the Germans with them normalizing authoritarianism, political violence and dictatorship in 1934
Sadly that's what I think will happen, because that was an open act of War without a declaration of war
> in Germany we learn that we forced it onto you through pressure from our armed forces but I guess that's just half the story
How about the licenses they were giving out for their designs?
They and the Greens are the most pro-European parties in our political system
It's a thing in small parts of Austria and Slovenia, but I haven't seen kids do it in my village for quite a few years now
Or an article, seems mind blowing that this happened in Ireland in the 80s and I have never heard about it till now.
(Like prisons)
World Museum
Just want to add that smaller wars can still happen over some petty territorial disputes or whatever, without going "all in" and harming each others economies.
I'll never forget the motherfucking [FIRE TORNADO]
The list is long but probably the weirdest to me are:
Someone with a really thick accent would be [Hubert von Goisern]
i have looked up the numbers - first level tax rate in germany is 14%, in the uk 20%, so the taxes in germany are actually lower...
"Das ist mir Wurscht
In Vienna: Naturhistorisches Museum, Technisches Museum, Schatzkammer, Foltermuseum, Narrenturm, Haus der Musik, ZOOM Kindermuseum, etc
Complete disaster
Still Austria gained much land in our history (for example there was a time the sun didn't set in Austria when spain and mexico belonged to us) due to their marriage policy
I was so perplexed, that I forgot to ask
We here in Styria (at least where I live) kinda say öü/ø-ü (a mix between both, leaning more towards öü) instead of Öl (Oil), which I always think is funny because no German dares to pronounce it the first time
They're referring to a sauce covering the schnitzel
I wish the empire would have lasted...
It's all there, just a click away!
Also, there's barely variations in occasions
There is a train going every hour to Italy so it is really easy to go there
I'm afraid there is no helping you anymore
How deep does this still run in Europe
In the center ofc there was Vindobona, so they find a lot of stuff there always, and west of that was another civilian settlement
It wasn't that they just believed us, for politics of the allies it was just way easier to "believe" that
Its of course something you'll find on your salary
Here in Central Europe we have radio clocks.
well...i dont feel like an african or asian so there is that.
Obviously
Anyways, the term to look for is "nostrification".
He did became chancellor after Anschluss, but the Austrian state did de facto not exist anymore
* [Inner city of Vienna]
nice to see how the eastern block recovered
Afaik you can either drive it with your own car or be in the passenger seat with an experienced race car driver.
Let me rephrase: Are you looking for a connection between city A to city B: There is usually the one national company running the show.
I saw the ad on TV
Bit off-topic bit you seem concerned about it: What you have to consider is that Germany might need them.
In Austria, you can vote at 16, even for the EP elections.
Funnily enough I've never had problems understanding the Swiss.
Stephen's Cathedral]
And people also upgrade their old doors to self locking
Then this old lady walks by and just says small is pretty hard to come by here
- They just look increasingly stupid for not going with the time.
Funny austria isn't there, seeing as Conchita once won
Though, I paid at a machine like in the picture at the Brenner.
I not happy with our politics atm but I hope that it will be better when he leaves the government
Especially considering how much Titles are worth in Austria itself.
Make sure to read up and gear up accordingly.
Where are the Kings and Doges of the Italian Region?
Boring answer but I like it here.
You have to be blind or really stupid to unsee it xD
Of course
Sure but aren't geostationary satellites more interesting for commercial purposes?
Plus, if there was a danger of English taking over I think many countries would take measures against it in order to preserve their local language and culture
This week I did a bunch of cycling in the center of Vienna and counted several cars, bikes and pedestrians not following various rules (almost hit a ped because of their flagrant disregard for the rules)
How does one achieve that exactly
My shower is made to hold a whole grown human
Other than these big problems, articles can be quite useful
I didn't get to take any attack helicopters on vacation when I was in the military
Its a strip of belgian land about the size of a small street that "cuts" through the german land
Do you know "kajola"? Thats what we say in southern Carinthia and it supposedly comes from Slovenian
My experience in Hungary was the one third speaks some German, one third speaks some English and the rest only speaks Hungarian
The whole [campus] looks really cool in my opinion
in the language of the country theyre visiting
Personally I think Italy would be better off with its own currency.
I live in the 9th, too, and can confirm that both districts are pretty neat for living
I like how u listed every germanic country except Austria
Have a wonderful day/evening/night
"Geh in Oasch"
Imagine this happening on a weekday during normal, busy times
No need to put their flag on there.
for this amount of cheese better ask Tante Antje
" (I told you to run (ie walk), not run
Austrian police is commonly equipped with Glock 17 hand guns, indeed they have Steyr Aug A3 Subcompacts and bulletproof vests in their cars and or stations but they don’t commonly carry them
They can also be filled with plums
But the weirdest part of it by far has to be the musician group
Which includes no violence in NI due to the possibility of a hard border between NI and the Republic
"Das sind für mich böhmische Dörfer"
Germans are more famous for walking in the alps with socks and sandals, and knowing better then their hostel hosts about the local weather and it´s consequences.
Oh okay
The name comes from the word "audi" (the imperative of latin "audire", which means "to hear") and is a translation of the name of the companys founder, August Horch.
And of course some of the crazier people believed that.
I know the mountains in lower Austria much better, and Rax & Schneeberg are for sure the most crowded ones
Although not a filled dumpling like you asked I just wanted to include them
Especially Dutch, Swedish and Danish are pretty easy to understand
Hope you're doing well and that you guys can find some peace and safety
Translates to "Let's look and we'll see
Depends if your in the city or in a rural village
Not sure if you count Austria to West or Central, but:
But I also felt that in the theme of OP's question, where they mention parties on the ballot vs in parliament, I thought it was an interesting point: being elected doesn't always mean sitting in parliament
You see, the Blochziehen is a village affair
Never heard of a Polish shop or specifically Polish groceries
1 person = 1 vote might be a problem if a lot of persons believe in a "bad thing", but there it is relatively hard to force others into existence (raising kids + making sure that they are doing as you tell them takes a while).
> ORF
Austria: Kern - no constituency.
Most conservative parties do have programs and members that are homophobic, sexist and racist
if I lived there I would go for bottled water too
Some of its services that made it popular in the US are not offered or relevant here, or there just never was a good enough *reason* to switch away from Windows/Android
All this in the atmosphere of an 'apres ski' hut, the scientifically proven worst place on earth aka covid shipping department
Honestly, the lack of a commonly used word like "forenoon" is one of the things I struggle with most in English
Same in German "Weißrussland"
The current results are mainly from rural areas.
&#x200B;
So it is possible but not without difficulty
It looks like the logo of a medium sized regional shipping company, owned by a guy named Laszlo
Let's put it this way, I would certainly feel *more* devastated if St
Now we‘re happy when we see snow at the beginning of January
It's a "just" a pro-war WWI book, by an author who "just happened" to be very well-liked among Nazis and other ultra-nationalist circles during the Weimar-period
i really want to learn more about them, and since those guys didnt write their own history, i probably would see alot cool things nobody knew about them
Here's a video of their last big exercise:
Let me think for a moment: You funded the terrorists in Afghanistan who later turned against you.
But in general you would use your drivers license to ID yourself
Yeah a growth rate that's lower than inflation is a massive win for the people.
This is outside of the even carefull standard deviations.
This is my personal theory on this
Ach Scheiße, hier gehen wir wieder
), it was almost always 1-3 beers max
If that's actually true, my bet's on the few renaissance fair-nutties that are out there googling this more often than is reasonable
Dont forget the battle for Vienna
And i kind of liked it
Are there any official communication channels from the EU commission, that give details about what that deal will most likely include, or what has been negotiated so far
Es war ja doch nur eine Frage der Zeit, bis die zahlreichen deutschen NC-Flüchtlinge bei ihrer unweigerlichen Rückkehr in die Bundesrepublik unsere dem jahrhundertelang vorherrschenden altösterreichsichem Vielvölkergemisch entsprungenen kulinarischen Schätze in den hohen Norden mitbringen
TIL Norway had a union with Sweden.
And many Austrians think Frucade is Austrian, not German
Let's hope but it looks bleak - especially if it continues to go the way of Hungary
> people in the UK are very uncomfortable with any further union
When did that happen
And are you annoyed when someone picks out coins to pay exactly or dont you care
They had less arguments for themselfes than rumors about their opponent.
I must have been over 50 times even though I don't care much for it, but my grandparents took me when I was a kid, and more recently I'll join my Mom every now and then because she really appreciates it.
Well
Shows you what luxury car brand is the most successful in branding
Im Dezember habens das aber in Fugging umbenannt
It´s pretty much the same here
Largest are the InterSpar stores, but they are small compared to the average tesco.
You do realise that the establishment of Indian Reservations in the US were an influence on Nazi concentration camps, right
Well Salzburger (and Upper Austrians to a lesser degree), who are Bavarian in all but name are included in /r/aeiou after all
Sylt, Pyhrn, Steyr, Weyer, Speyer, Schwyz ...
I would say that is early enough for teaching them things like that
Still boggles my mind, that one of the most important nations (besides France and Germany) of this monumental project that finally brought peace among archenemies really decided to leave what they have been such a big and important part of
- chili flakes
Vienna focused (and still does) on providing handouts to the poor, whilst the rest focused on getting more competitive and make sure the poor get jobs instead.
I mean, what do you expect
worst case going to Syria to fight Trump
East and southeast Europe needs better train networks
DM, Zentagasse 11-13, 1050 Vienna
If you want to compare, you should also include English and American dialects, which are insanely different from each other, and are not that far apart too.
No, this is the first time I've seen either of these
Funny thing is that biweekly means either twice a week or every two weeks
It would have to be a double-headed eagle to keep things Austro-Hungarian
Don't know what a ticket currently costs though
But I'd probably show it if I had to apply for a new job
The level of hypocrisy in the EU cannot be measured on any scale.
I see this as an absolut win
I don't know any parent that would let their 10 or even 12 year old have more than a few sips of alcohol
The first "A" is a different comment advert
For females I guess something like Margarete oder Gisela
Germany just for how they pronounce things
I don‘t believe in god but I don‘t really care too much about it, and I‘m probably not going to tell my parents that
I know conversations can get heated, but please don't insult your fellow redditors.
I really like that Wienerlinien (public transit in Vienna) has a policy of never running trains with Graffiti on.
Austria is the Latinized name for Austria, usually used in Romance languages
Well, yes
News Flash: The industry isn't going to come back to areas that have been economically dead for decades now.
Wie oft dagegen passiert das mit der Dollfuß-Schuschnigg-Zeit
Also, the climate between the sunny Mediterranean Coast, the dry semi-arid interior, and the lush, rainy and mountainous North varies greatly
After that it's common again to have friends of the other gender
I live in Vienna and i don't feel like everything repeats itself
The prince then comes and "visits" **the twelve-year old girl Rapunzel** in her tower (climbing up by her hair), after he had heard her sing
The ppl I went to school with do that too and I can only write pure cursive, because that's what we mainly learned
You can understand about every other word
It may have been a thing in the past in small countries with "shitty" currencies, but in and around Europe the EURO has replaced the dollar as the currency under the pillow.
I really have no idea where the cliché even came from, but I remember reading somewhere that "O sole mio" gets requested by gondola tourists so often that a few years ago they considered banning it officially because it's just not a song from the region and some Venetians were quite pissed off about that
Papers that were submitted to conferences or journals had to be in AE, yes.
I assume most Maori kids also know a certain amount of English already(?), so Spanish would make sense I guess
its this weird english-german mixup language, that also exists in different other languages
idk how to call them made out of twigs (Usually Palmbuschen I think
Because I never ever ever hear about a Turkish/Iranian/whatever woman who was raped by an "Asian" looking man in Austria or Germany.
Sure, but the point is the ammount they pay for revenue earned inside the EU, thats what the issue is all about.
It's a German one
Too insignificant for even Prussia to swallow it.
If I look into my traditional cooking book I could think the essential ingredients is Clarified butter...
Still a very interesting historical fact.
They still won't have a majority in parliament.
Maybe in Burgenland
Wilhelm (male), Ludmilla (female)
It would be very unlikely for this not to exist at this point tbh.
Really appreciate the answer
Uh, what would buttsex be then
If they have bugger all else to do then sure focus on this..
Maybe because you didn't anticipate your host's needs for some extra preparation time, or because you don't show willingness to discern between a friendly and a professional setting, basically saying you feel with your friends like you'd feel at a job interview
French
Austrians were also exploited back then.
Really
Unless they are as Italian as "Italian restaurants" in the US
Tigers generally avoid humans while snakes feed on animals that live near humans like mice, rats, etc
Holy crap, I didn't know my keyboard has so few haceks
Do they have it with sauce
I totally can't tell it from your Username *whistling*
>as far as I know most Germans have no problem with Austrians
This was in the 1957 Eurovision song contest, which was only the second one in history and the first one using a public points system
Daher auch die Paranoia der CSP
Works fine for me
or am I confusing them with someone else
If people were to ask me, of course I‘d say that I‘m half Polish too
I wish all people on the balkans freedom, peace and prosperity
* Viele Bäume habe ich heute in Österreich gesehen
I don't see frog leg or snail pasta taking off any time soon
Lol, people emigrating in a "pre-erdogan" (as if there were no elected islamic leaders there before) were way more likely to be religious than people emigrating now - just because a certain group holds most of the power now doesnt make the whole population radically religious over night..
I thought Mayer was the more common one
Seems like Communism really does share all things equally amongst the people in Russia
It sure is
If you speak both english and german I think all of the except Gold (Au), Quecksilber/Quicksilver (Hg), Blei/Lead (Pb), Zinn/Tin (Sn), Silber/Silver (Ag), Kupfer/Copper (Cu), Eisen/Iron (Fe) make complete sense
Hell yeah, we're good (Austria)
Kinda stuck in the late 2000s. Either that or very conservatively, which is a safe bet, but a bit boring
Under British rule both population groups received individual administration and were, willingly or not, separated
The same with milk snakes and BCIs but they are occasionally on sale(maybe once a year)
I really don't care
Ofc I know the proper german words for the thing, but sometimes my brain just flatlines and I‘m just staring at the person for minutes and forgot what it was
It's kinda ironic that there didn't seem to be have been any large-scale corruption scandals under Salazar (at least non that were uncovered after the revolution, which is strange) but after a few years under democratic government the first large corruption scandal happened
And Here in lower austria we got nothing ;(
Also: of you have "beef“ with someone* highlighting the fucking shitshow we're living in while we're heading to an extremely aweful future, you might be more helpful to society if you just shut the fuck up and continue your miserable existence in silence
You won't be
I think The Troubles lasting for 40 years are an indicator that it's a bit more complex than "England doesn't want to let go". Also looking at elections there's almost a perfect 50/50 split between British Unionists and Irish Republicans
Oh I'm waiting for that to open soooo much
Liberals are generally seen as the "young" christian-conservatives, that means they share the same "pro economy, pro deregulation" message, but without the conservatives' "anti gay marriage, conservative family values" package.
Austria has a quite good one:
except if the coalition talks take a huge amount of time (his birthday is next august)
You mean Bosna
Edit: actually my colleague had to wait 45 minutes outside this morning and she was cold
edit: [Found the post]
Maybe in the Eastern Part of Austria, which Slovenia borders, and as a Westerner, I wholeheartedly agree.
What I collected as inofficial knowledge is that Austria was extremely lucky after WW2
sigh) come with some very twisted expectations.
It's actually very green, things are not far apart and lately the public transport (bus network) is getting somewhere as well
A friend of mine got an ID card though to be able to have something more widely accepted in the wallet
Over here, university works more like a government office, you go there to get your education, but you wouldn't want to spend any of your free time there
In the fierce dispute over her divorce and remarriage, Margaret received the nickname Maultasch (literally "bag mouth", cf.
I’m leaving Austria for much flatter places in a few years as soon as it becomes financially smart for us
Sorry but no, yes it would still be a unique place to visit, but not more so as bigger cities with larger, more grand historic sights.
> Naked Hog Chasing
I have faith in our anti-terror-unit
Lots of things to do in winter
Haha
I have never heard it in carinthia or styria
It drives me mad, you already put all of that work into your accent and that's the one thing you don't notice
If it has it's no problem
But this, combined with the fact Hitler happened to be born in Austria, gave rise to the commonly accepted, revisionist narrative that "Austria started both world wars". Ignoring that Hitler was a *pan-German* nationalist, hated Austria as its own political entity, and came to power in Germany as a German citizen, and considered himself German and was considered as such by others
This one looks nice, but it's too dramatic and serious.
They see and meet a tiny minority of people in an environment which is only available for the absolute best of any category and then expect all others to be the same.
And i thought having restaurants first build an extra smokers room and then banning that later on was just the austrian solution
There are quite a few urban renewal areas that boast impressive modern architecture like Sonnwendviertel/Wien Hbf, Nordbahnviertel, Eurogate, Viertel Zwei/WU University, Kaisermühlen (arguably older), or even smaller areas like Ensemble or star22
Knowledge of English tends to get better as you go north and less as you go South in Europe.
I honestly never understood why Sachertorte of all things is so famous.
I also like to say that Wels is like somebody would've cut out the bad parts of Linz and made it its own city
Oh and my bike was stolen
Also he might be weirded out by the Sissi Hype
Show dominance by ordering two main meals AND dessert
so glad we have none of that shite
Like sunshine
Public transport, internet, mobile contracts, television
* Viele Bäume habe ich heute in Österreich gesehen
Viele der grossen US UNis verwenden gmail
I'd say yes - an english-natives accent when speaking german will be different if they are from England or the US.
Seems like many of these problems are caused by work and school(!) simply starting too early (the latter is conformed by noumerous studies)
Muslim from a european country here, this is bullshit
Christmas 4 years ago were the attacks on the Christmas market in Germany
Interesting, I thought this came from the British school of thinking with Darwin being one of the first coming up with the basic ideas
Moreover, don't expect to get the timeslot you requested to enter the castle.
All those hot women working in customs
You're one of *those* guys who think they're subtle but you're really not.
A few years ago I bought lots of *Schwedenbomben* sweets when the company was going bankrupt
I thought it was quite befitting for our relationship with leadership
Cash or per App
ÖVP: "austrian peoples party" center right conservative party
not "not right", rather "hard to understand", akin to "ich verstehe nur Bahnhof"
I love both languages and could listen to them for hours
I really can't think of a creation myth or origin legend, we were a frontier march at the east (that's the Origin of the name Österreich and Austria, both refer to eastern realm/land) of the Duchy of Bavaria until Babarossa granted the it the Archduchy state and independence of Bavaria.
I'm heavily leaning on yes, we should have
Never seen the EU flag on any private property, actually only on state buildings in Vienna for certain occasions
Florence + The Machine
Granted, 30.000 people is quite a lot.
Drinks and food are covered
> Austria is basically Germany
They are so autonomous the assembly could declare independence tomorrow and largely nothing would change for the island
see it more like, in the middle
In dialect, I'd just say "jo, eh" or even just "eh"
It's ridiculous
I am worried about him starting a trade war because Merkel embarrassed him
I understand a few words in swedish
Look at that, Austria is actually leading a positive statistic
You are true with Christianity, but for me they are away far from Europe (geographically and culturally)
I mean, what do you expect
I've been there in March
I can already hear it in my mind though how it would sound in a more North German, tight /u/, lenis /k/ accent
And after 9/11 the "war on terror" quickly became a vehicle for US imperialism, further destabilising an already volatile region
>Many cultures have a quiet Sunday, but I don't think anyone takes it as seriously as we do
As always
Have you seen Goran Visnjic in "Santa Clarita Diet"? When he spoke serbian it sounded so damn badass that my panties flew off
Probably stuff like "Germany is majority muslim already, No-go areas in German/Swedish cities, the numbers of rapes have rises because of dirty muslim" etc etc
Saying historical documents are falisified and thus extinction events have not happend is not a view you can comment on
What does that mean
Or do they not offer take-out
" - "well then"
Construction was started in 2010 and the scheduled Opening was 2015, it opened in 2019
12AM is noon and 12PM is midnight
Tito and the communists revitalized the concept again
* How they are elected/formed
I didn't downvote but you definitely sound like you have more tin foil in your wardrobe than I have in my kitchen.
There's just too many cases and judges don't fall from the sky
I live in a small village, so not very much has happened here
Also a job that's very much tied to folk culture
Depends on the school
Are there any official communication channels from the EU commission, that give details about what that deal will most likely include, or what has been negotiated so far
The definition isn't as clear in real life
I’m currently studying in the next big city and it’s astonishing how much more open minded people are here
However there were shelves in the back of the class where everyone student got a spot to store their books
> 1200 years
Suddenly, it had a question mark over its head
The one big famous is the memorial on the Schwarzenberg Plaza, always confusing tourists which didn't know Austria was for 10 years occupied after the 2nd WW
Add waiting
The Colosseum (in Rome), the EU flag and a Plaza (as in with cafes  and outdoor seating)
Deng nu amoi noch bleder Orschkriacher.
I doubt you can paint our buildings
You might meet lots of older people working too fast for them to put it away, i assume
**Marillenknödel (Apricot dumplings)**
I never intended to start an argument about this particular interview.
I think a stronger EU can only be archived if we have kind of the same ideas / idelogies.
Sure but it's way less difference than in deepest Vorarlberg where people from neighbouring valleys sometimes have trouble understanding each other
The non plus ultra for etymology semantic history of words in English is the Oxford English Dictionary, but you need to to either pay for it, or a VPN from certain Austrian unis (Uni Wien for example)
There is no phobia in being against an ideology like that.
The design is nice and the phone is bug free since i bought it on its release
I'd never enter a smaller store without greeting, it's rude
Some together with other countries (like Sweden), some alone
00% or so over the next 10 years
EU: what the fuck
That song made my heart skip beats when playing in the national stadium
I wouldn’t be proud on the execution in ex soviet block states though
It's also a shitty tourist trap.
BAM
I‘ve never heard his name before and would‘ve probably gone on never knowing his name up until this point
Like the copperto in Italy
I always say that every city has its bad districts while Wels as a whole is the bad district
Vienna is definitely disliked by non-Vienna
) So yeah, that‘s that, there‘s really not much I can choose from
Just saying, robbing and stealing is a difference
It´s pretty much the same here
I think you're just too lose to France ;)
Possible here at least, I guess people think it's too much of a nuisance to install it
Striving for more
You're just using a specific currency to buy an asset.
Während die Sozis Stalins Schwanz gelutscht haben und allen eine Utopie versprachen gingen in der Sowjetunion gerade die Säuberungen los
We did our part for sanity: France you're next.
You totally forgot about Italy
Also in the end, after a round 100 years, England has lost its empire and is on its way into isolation while Germany dominates European politics and it's economy.
Person: no
Vienna also has one of two UN centers (one in New York)
Or another explanation: Neighbouring states by train, anything else I‘d tell people to take a plane
könnte kotzen
However, during the drive there, it may be that the car where the bride is in drives to a different restaurant or bars to basically get drunk
And some surgeries aren't free (I had a tooth surgery
Well
What
I think all of the german-speaking countries (Austria, Germany, Switzerland) have some sort of rivalry with each other, because we are ethnically pretty similar, but all of us want to be seperate from another
In German 'gate' is 'Gatter' :)
> where the Emperors are burried
And I know Romania for SIEBENBÜRGEN.
Absolutely unplayable - Found my house but the basement is inhabited
Well OP said never and never is a big word.
The moot point that the immigration damage has been done.
If you ask them to translate and check that it's often incorrect
He also really likes Paul Joseph Watson of Breitbart fame
I only had one scary encounter in Vienna but that was in the city's poorest district
Just thinking about all the love, devotion and work that was put into this building over the years makes me tear up a bit
I’ve never had the idea to translate my posts
He is literally wearing an SS uniform.
- countries
We've got roughly 130000 citizens of which 30000 are students at the university, that's of course a heavy influence because of how many foreigners are there and they obviously don't speak the local dialect.
Thanks ÖVP for spreading lies and propaganda when we voted on it in 2013
*angry Ulster noises*
German has plenty of words with double a.
Some babaric regions, like for example the federal state of upper austria don't know about "dreiviertel", but use "viertel vor = quater to".
Often its some texmex stuff, Ive never heard of and I really doubt its buyable in my city
We'll see
Then an exclamation mark
I really like the Irish dialect though, especially with phrases using terms from Gaellic like "what's the craic"!
>Wayna Pawiasek
as somebody taking classes in landscape ecology, I'm interested
Similarly, I wanted to read the newest Harry Potter books as soon as they were released, so I at the very least had to be able to at least read English reasonably well
Those terms are not openly and easily recognizable Nazi-terms, but the people who are supposed to know what is meant, know what is meant
I just don’t vibe with it enough, so I’m gonna move somewhere else in the future
Picking "single" if you are actually in a relationship is just plain wrong.
You are calling Falco guilty pleasure
This way also wouldn't annoy /u/thebarfly1
For example:
I didnt say I had a problem with it :D
Residents do get free pornhub subscriptions though
Thats 6 buckets of Sauerkraut right there
You become American level crazy.
You must live quite a sheltered life then.
They literally have no reason to exist other than make politics for themselves and their wealthy backers (i.e. "the rich", cliche as it may sound)
Exactly
Actually more people voted this time
(well most of them are purported to be humans anyways)
Not in the balkans
The Ibiza scandal shows that we're trying really hard, but we're just too stupid
>	I work 40 hours per week, she works about 45
But he's the playwright, not on the stage (mostly)
Most tourists only visit Vienna and Salzburg
They better make sure we get Mechas!
They are german but I know many people who don't understand anything but like them also because of the Beats and his Flow.
And well even if it's not healthy on an absolute scale, I don't see how the food from a restaurant would be necessarily less healthy than the same dish made at home
Depending on the context if someone outside of the EU unlawfully invaded Poland the Austrian government would take Poland's side because this situation endangers peace in Europe and therefore Austria's neutrality.
The food in the hotel was bad, like really bad
I have to agree
It's like I would say Portugal is basically Spain
With that logic Nikola Tesla would be considered Austrian
The opposite
A big family, maybe even with several women, and you use quite a lot of toilet paper in a week
Or whole country feels like a meme sometimes
&#x200B;
Grab em by the pussy
Well, at least they are not ugly and made of wood
This
Baba und foi ned
Yeah
not a bad thing at all, just something I noticed
Well, we don't allow it, but it's just not that easy to enforce.
SCHUKO everything
Dragostea din tei is one of the biggest bangers of all time
"What hill
Jawohl, bevor das noch ein un-Röhm-liches Ende nimmt.
Except there's no fight, it just changes all the time
I remember that the 1991 entry, [Thomas Forstner's "Venedig im Regen"] was considered to be a real stinker by everyone around here
Libya isn't as stable as they used to be and Turkey is kind of unpredictable.
Frohe Weihnåchtn und a schens neigs Joa
Words, pronounciation, grammar, literally everything you can mess up
But I know what you mean
Downvoted
And it confirm the theory that when people are unhappy and you give them the choice between status quo and outrage, sometimes they will choose outrage.
And after seeing this, I recommend [this version of the European hymn]
The numbers of Belgium and Austria are right up there with Poland and Hungary; so nah, that argument doesn't really explain it.
Nowadays you can get e recipe for it, but it's very hard to get one and you have to buy it from the pharmacy for 10x the usual price
Weird ... I use Airbnb multiple times a year and never had a bad experience so far
Either it would mean the EU had to wait until there was a Swiss plebiscite on certain topics and then the 8,5 swiss would dominate decissions for 440 million people or the Swiss would have to give up certain democratic rights
The EU sucks, but it's the best we have, and it's a steep downhill slope from here onward without it
Idk how the wide countryside of Austria is still alive because it seems like nobody moves there, country people just suddenly exist, but it is
Nothing of that
The "coloureds" were better off because they were colonized because they only got culture through the Europeans
Actual whole roasted turkey is very rare
- Lebanon
Like, yeah it may be more complex than that, but I was still right lol
Today it was 26 degrees and tjat was the hottest day this week so far
Krapfen you mean
With my friends back then, we used to build 'houses' in the forest out of sticks
The hero we need but don't deserve
Everybody knows that rich Texans ride to school in tanks
So what is he then
Especially the first one
Even though we have a couple of minorities (Slovenes, Croats, Hungarians) they are not vocal about breaking from Austria.
There's not really any casual discussion you could have about the third Reich
"\[...\]  to secure the deal recently promised by Trump and Ursula von der Leyen, the European Commission president
So for Austria that would probably everything with Dumplings, Gröstel, some types of fish dishes, things with offal and so on
I have been called a "bill splitter" by a Bosnian waiter
Certainly is the most renowned one world-wide afaik.
- Bratknödel, filled with minced cooked beef and pork, however there are several different variants, that's just how my grandmother made them
Between high gas prices, short distances and crowded roads, they're not really a thing here, you either go by car for short distances, or you take the plane or train for longer ones (anything 3-400km+)
How about that app of yours which helps you prevent sleeping with one of your relatives :D
Hofer is in one of those groups and proud of it
It happens in many countries that way
if i wanted the program to continue because i ve invested so much political power in it, i wouldn't talk to him either.
I wouldn't recommend to go to the Café New York, as it's really crowded.
It is not always clear cut since there is always a gradient, but i think we are very clearly in central europe, geographicly and culturally
Immediately made me think of the best parties as a student
Ofc there‘s Smartphone or Telefon (telephone), but Handy is the most used (aka used by everyone)
[highly relevant link]
Oh, I’m definitely not defending the US or any of their presidents
- A "Russenluster" or Russian chandelier is a lamp without lampshade and without properly hiding the cable work
How are share buybacks and dividends the only reason stocks are worth anything
Indifferent; very rarely amused by their government structure (dukes and princes) and/or annoyed by the fact that they're all fucking tax havens
" s'ma wuarscht"
I wasn’t familiar with him, but now that you’re saying it, it does ring a bell
And his adolation also was mostly centered im Vienna
there's no sauce in cordon bleu, it's cheese and ham.
he saw the news
The vote was almost evenly split (51 vs 49) in the first election.
•Oceania (although many people just call it Australia which always bugged me)
the middle one reminds me of rick astley.
Und wie isses dort
I’m not really in the situation you described, however, I have a very strong connection to Iceland (I’m from Austria)
I was in Cantabria this summer and the amount of eucalyptus there is crazy
Edit2: Wow this is site fantastic
Maybe they have them in eastern Galicia
I just learned this the other day and i have not yet fully recovered
I have a house in a small seaside village on Vis.
the amount and variety of pastries and cakes are pretty much the best part of our cuisine by far, but for some reason this specific one gets basically all of the attention
How can the opposition obstruct if the vote just needs 50%+1 which the government always had
yes
Everyone in the EU knows how to speak english thanks to school, so let's keep all languages alive, without any nationalistic bullshit!
- beach
> Keep it civil
[Here's an example of him starting his musical career]
Vammala	FI
I can't think of any examples in Austria
The account was years old
It feels like there is Austria and then also Vienna
Who is doing that
was about to write a suder-answer about how everyone here is sudering all day long and that it's not even debatable, when I realised your comment was meant as a joke, and I perfectly fit into the Austrian stereotype lol
8 pc Apricots
We do have problem of conservative mindsets and corruption, but the positive things are more dominant
How do people not get hungry afterwards
I'm gonna open a beer on that
Older generations won't talk about it
10:15 is Viertel elf (Quarter eleven) 10:30 is Half eleven, 10:45 is three quarters eleven
Frisian seems a bit easier
usually the candiadate for the Chancerllory is the Spitzenkandidat for his/her party and thus, at least initially, a MP
Our grave yards have gift shops [
I'm confused, are memes dead now
That doesn't change the fact, that a lot of the right wing parties have no agenda except - let's leave the eu and close the borders and even for this one point they have no plan
and for districts in the state Salzburg
For one, how many non-government-granted monopolies are there?
Last summer the Bundescard, which gets you into a fair few of these places, was only €20
Like they use cuttery the first time
, keep making fun of you, <insert evil laughter>
And are there normally more than one muggers, if there's any "standard" way of mugging that is
Here I found something helpful:
Are there any official communication channels from the EU commission, that give details about what that deal will most likely include, or what has been negotiated so far
And I don‘t think you‘d hear ‚alles hat ein Ende nur die Wurst hat zwei‘ here either
And see Nazaré.
Closely related to the word Austria are the names Austrasien and Austrien for Eastfrance aka Eastrealm
same story as Hong Kong and Belarus
** We haven't even gotten to this
On the r/europe sub they were defending orban
> What are those
Semantically those words are still not the same
"Jo weiche Sau hot denn mia do des Kraut ins Bia?"
Fuck no
What the fuck
Weren't these just pranksters in their own free time
Imagine being a fucking high school kid named Wolfram
Both are fine, it's available but expensive here.
Reinmon | Grüne | 651 | contra
But I am happy if it has changed to the better
German is the most spoken mother language in the EU
Don't you dare to tell me that the "Energyring" for the mere 95k€ around the new hospital doesn't do its job
but why
Yeah, not like there has been a **precedent** or anything
Well, so far Britain is the only quitter now.
> by the allies south of the danube and north was soviet
I do see that not everyone has that
They always had a very narrow rent contract that didn't allow the usage as a museum for example.
Center left and center right parties all across europe have helped these people so much in the past.
I had to be flown to hospital by helicopter and then stayed there for quite some time
They said it's not what Germans ARE
He did use the term "united nations of Europe".
Well, i needed a dust mask for some home improvement and they are all gone
They have a Slovenian origin but are much more common in southern Austria than in actual Slovenia
Populism in itself doesn't have a predefined political side, it goes both ways.
Yes england isn't known for good food but i was eating way better on the main island
You got two neighbouring countries with some historical conflicts.
Now that region is part Austria, Hungary, Slovakia and Slovenia
Balkan love triangle (it's complicated)
" (= "oh dear")
I remember a scenario from yesterday:
Oh thanks for looking into it
> That Leprechauns are like Irish pygmies IE a seperate ethnicity to other Irish people
It is too often teaching to then test meaningless trivia, while omiting real capacity building
They also have close ties to Putin's United Russia party
And of course there are people who *occasionally* cook or bake
And yes, in the countryside, they can hear when someone is from the next village
It was really really hard to smile and saying that it's a great name
I don't know if any other country does that, but if you greet/say goodbye to someone you usually use multiple salutations/valedictions.
They still are very keen on their privilege of being an independent state with the German Federation having their own constitution etc
But I purposefully changed my r's and n's because they looked like v and u, respectively
It's similar (and used as such sometimes), but it's not the same
[He's] a [national treasure]
Total Votes in Elections in 31 European Countries by Political Family
Prostitution is legal, we have a rather low age of consent and practices like BDSM are not forbidden (actually we don't have a current legal status because there are nearly no cases which were judged) which is for example forbidden in Switzerland
The „Supreme Court“ - OGH, Oberster Gerichtshof
Thanks for the startup idea
The first time 1787, with some exceptions and modifications over the next hundred years
[Gebrüder Marx - Piefkegschropp]
Music:
"What hill
Kunsthistorisches (Kunst = Art, historisches = history), Naturhistorisches (Nature), technisches (technical) Museum
Nice username btw
That's hilarious
Meh, nothing special here, same shit as everywhere
Ticket sellers dressed up as Mozarts, they hawk you and act really aggressively
Vorarlberg - the whole country is speaking bavarian dialect, Vorarlberg is speaking allemanic
It's funny how both the Canadian and Australian constitutions mention God in the first sentence, meanwhile the Spanish one (also a constitutional monarchy) apparently does not
People from Vorarlberg are hard to understand, but it is usually manageable for me, as I'm from the neighbor state (Tyrol)
But I assume fireworks will die out in the next years — many people now see them as a barbaric outdated custom that's morally wrong for 101 different reasons
But I also live in a small town (15k souls) there might be different stuff in bigger cities.
people with lower education, older people, and people from certain dialectal regions will often say Tschechei instead of Tschechien
She referred to CO2 emissions to beeing as high as "38 Gigabytes per year".
Resigned because of health reasons (burn out) and because he received numerous death threats
This is called the Rennbahn or something like that
I like the american slogan more to be honest.
Yes, we do speak German but we certainly aren't Germans
For them the memories of Barney and war will be forever intertwined
We read the whole thing in Mittelhochdeutsch in German class in high school
Interesting
Next election the FPÖ might even vanish under the limit nessecary to get into the parliament.
well I have still an old CRT which is meassured in cm...
The revolutionaries had Vienna
I often use Laibach and Marburg instead of Ljubljana and Maribor
On a serious note: I think my generation who hasn´t been in war with any other nation is aware of our history and knows about our historic responsibility
Everything went
'")
Its almost as if you are a caricature.
The fun thing about this is that the basic meaning of the sentence remains, and the informative value is still clear as day
None of them wanted to develop nukes, and none of them are considered a major power.
I'm 90 % sure that the right wing candidate is going to win, now that Trump has won.
yes that is leberkäs ...
The distinction is mainly political
**Everybody** volunteers working for it
That the "Wiener schnitzel" is from germany and not from austria
Vienna pupil here
Like most **Central Europeans**, **Austrians** often dress very blandly and cheap and not particularly stylish in general (exceptions exist of course)
Mich wundert es irgendwie nicht
Austrians spend on average 325€/month on food
*Elvas has finished building Renaissance Walls*
Well, if you have Amsterdam plus "some cities in Eastern Europe" already planned, I'd just throw in Berlin and that's probably enough.
Talking about the Nazi regime is not taboo at all
The other lake region is the [state of Carinthia]
"Die oabeitscheichn Kommunisten, do untn' in da Au!"
Otherwise no, we suffer from a very cluttered population, which destroys the natural beauty of the country
So wie es in allen zivilisierten Ländereien ist
They are made by cooking bacon (like the one above) in water until the water has evaporated, then they are heated until most of the fat has melted and the remains are fried until they are golden brown
Too many latinate words
Huh
Plane - Flugzeug [fly thing], Toys - Spielzeug [play thing(s)], Clothes - Anziehsachen [put on things]
I don't know if it's especially my country but we have those 5€ coins collectables (I get one each New Year's Eve) wich you theoretically can buy sruff with but nobody does that
I have heard jokes like "I can do whatever I want, because I built the Autobahn
Let me laugh for you in russian:
However after that the meaning has taken a different path in German (towards poison), while it has stayed close to its original meaning in English
Czechia (culturally also a very close part of the empire)
you are right, stopping them won't work.
But as you said, I might be free to do so, doesn‘t mean I‘m going to change my opinion
Not in Romanian, as far as I recall
Austrian here
Kinda strange love-hate-relationship
" would not be acceptable
Let's call it Danubia
This man has kept a cool mind and much needed composure while all this was going on
**WAS DIE MODE STRENG GETEILT**
Apparantly what I read considered all hospital beds, not ICU beds
und gasthauser und buschenschank
fucking brainwashed obviously without Churchill the 3rd Reich would still be in place.
City is gorgeous, food is amazing and people are nice
> It was response to paneuropean law banning extended ammunition clips and other stuff, that has no reason to be owned by civilians
He was, along with Mozart, but they don‘t seem to care
There is no food problem, or do you think that there are fewer calories produced worldwide than needed?
I do agree that the central heating is easier in your own house
There's then 2 years of specialising before starting university at ~18
Well we have a beer party
&#x200B;
(E.g. the german word for towel is Handtuch - hand cloth
If there is a hard Brexit it will cause structural changes in the British economy and those take their sweet time.
The thieves accepted and the cookie was then found, tied to the horse statue in front of Leibniz University with a red bow
Once you hear it spoken to you, you won't be so sure about that anymore.
It's mainly men not only knowing how to cook but  wanting it, trying out new things and so on
-**clean air
The thing with those words is though, that because back then only the nobility spoke French, most of those words never turned into everyday vocabulary and are nowadays barely used.
•Europe
Alles **Erdreich** ist Österreich Untertan.
There are many ways we could still travel there in seconds
Thats just how it is when you become an icon, voluntary or not
The 2 minutes include waiting at the red light)
Overall, I get the sense of longer written texts from the context - but if it's just a few words (like a street sign) and I don't understand of the words it's impossible
Name | Party | Seat | Vote
That is probably the most random thing we do
We have two different games
pretty normal thing to do, and we don't even have an ocean in this country
In the case of the "mainstream media", I meant more the particular German terms of "Lügenpresse", which implies that the press as a whole always is lying, and "Systemmedien", i.e. all the media is part of some kind of "system", which is of course controlled by "the international east coast elites" aaaand whoopsie, here we are again
It's probably safer in Europe than in your home country.
"\[...\]  to secure the deal recently promised by Trump and Ursula von der Leyen, the European Commission president
Austria jokes mostly about Vienna about nearly everything possible
Such chocolate buns aren't very good
I wish the rules were more open that farmers could more easily sell parts of there land to build housing
[a pattern emerges] ;)
Of course some of the policies he is pushing for more less reality in Europe but overall I think he is still a fair bit more left than most European politicians
They are doing a post 1945 Austria in this regard
This is also the reason why he gets so much critique from the heads of states like Tyrol or Vorarlberg (except for his bootlicking friends in Styria and Upper Austria)
especially in Vienna's conservative cityscape, they are so bold that it's really exciting
> 1) why did they google my name
[Egg harps]
bad article
If I ever get to Namibia, that's definitely on my list
Don't get me wrong
Not for young people, I may have really over exaggerated that - as one does
Wouldn't the other way round make much sense
Press still says "only" one dead
Sometime in spring, I believe March or April, the Icelandic(?) President recorded a message for all Eve Online Players
[You are not alone]
Make sure you notify him if you’re leaving cookies out
That's what happens when you don't have an air force, I suppose.
I've never seen anything like that
Any movie-plot that requires an in-country coast line
Britannia doesn’t rule the seas anymore
But somehow we get along with you, Pinky
German crime thrillers often aren't that bad
NSFS (not safe for stomach)
We really got into it and really acted it out
Here's also a [great article about Margrethe Vestager] one of the good people in the Commission
I don’t think that the people of the US or the UK are the enemy
Asola	IT
Even though it absolutely is not
oh, Vienna, that probably explains it
Now I'm sad that this isn't true
Mountain man or woman (strangly it's regionally different If it's a men or women Jobs) who lives during Summer with the cattle of a Village on the alpine meadows and cares for them and makes cheese from their milk
So just a regular german dialect like most of us Austrians or is it something special
Well, but the whole opium thing and the amount of people who starved in India adds up kinda
Between 46 and 48 hospitable, I'd say.
Maybe the response time is a bit bad in the mountains, but we even have police there if necessary...
But the union makes us strong
Probably none, and thats only natural
Valenzia
No wonder you guys need a bidet if [this] is how your toilets look like.
Ah, okay
Austrias Gold helped Hitler, he needed it to continue with his plans, wasnt just a strategic question
the best way to remember it: Soy ciego = I am blind
If we had a source that he was a neo-Nazi he'd be behind bars.
mostly it's done by a certain kind of people that have
One of his successors, [Leopold III] made **Klosterneuburg**, the older part of Neuburg (one of the dual cities of [Klosterneuburg] and Korneuburg that had developed by slowly evading the flood-prone plains along the Danube) one of his residences from 1108 onward
I'm very happy that with Dark and Babylon Berlin the niveau is finally getting better
Franzmayr didn't get the job due to his ties to the FPÖ party
> Also I heard it was the first country to become independent
now due to me having to explain it, it looses all sense of humor
My country doesn't have them because we are (ostensibly) neutral
And science and technology
I would say that is early enough for teaching them things like that
I support our police in everything they do.
Exactly
There have always been political differences between the US and Europe; under Obama, Bush, Clinton,... But until Trump, the trustworthiness and reliability was never really in question
The same retards get upvoted
It is awfully quiet at almost any time, the nightlife closes early and is mostly a let-down, and getting in in any social circle almost always requires some kind of pedigree from you
" or anything from /r/WholesomeMemes [the whole sub feels totally forced and contrived to me
Yeah, but that's also kind of cheating
I was startled by this, too
I actually voted for "Der Kleber kommt aus Deutschland" as sentence of the year.
Also there is no treaty that says “the land border between Gibraltar and Spain must be open in case of the UK not being part of the EU” - as it doesn’t exist - it can’t be enforced
What do you mean by every city founded by the Roman Empire outside Italy
Flat don't have a room, but at least a part of the first one dedicated to switching to some kind of clean footwear to walk around inside with.
If we don't, we're fucked anyway
Lots of history happened there, tbh it was kind of worth it
They eventually have enough and want to strike back
Reasons not to date Romanian women : They might impale you ass first if you wrong them
Luckily i only had to stay once in Vienna for about a week.
I went there during a guided city tour in elementary school, we emerged from it inside the clocktower
Personally, while I wouldn't say the Austrian Empire (and later Austria-Hungary) was a force of good, it definitely wasn't evil as it is sometimes portrayed
Yes, except if it comes down to BBQ, men did that while women prepared the salads
He jumped off and took them back
[Well, they are trying at least]
I've seen a video once that said building a dam between gibraltar and morocco to drain the mediterranean and/or build a gigantic hydro-power plant would need more concrete than all of humanity has ever used so far
He stayed with them for a couple years (even after the war had ended) and visited them again decades later
Are you kidding, you never go full 2016.
Also I'm talking proper german, not the artificial kind.
Just read up on him, how lucky us Austrians have no connection to him whatsoever
Why would you say that your dialekhkht sounds harsh-kh
&#x200B;
They did this in occupied areas and in the homeland
I'm talking about the "deport all" option in the migration section.
Me too
I encounter people like the above only about once per month inside the actual trains
Are his books known in the States?
[People were prepared]
What you call a [Wiener] we call a Frankfurter
always thought he was french
And i am really skeptic believing the reasoning and thinking about the weapons of mass destruction, that where the reason for another war for the us, but never existed
Whether the meat in the lunch bread is called "Fleischkas" or "Leberkas". That's a big thing here
Burgenland
Stephens" (but in hungarian and german)
Tirol for example)
Your financial situation seems to be excellent for your age, so I think you can definitely afford to buy an apartment.
A combination of "Kuruzen" (a group of insurgents in the Hungarian kingdom) and "Türken" (Turks)
It´s not like in the US where they make such a fuss about the flag
)) and, well, I‘m in the LGBTQ+ community
Kinda like IRA or ETA, but Corsican
Southern carinthia (slovenia)
By that logic, the Munich Accord and the German-Polish partition of Czechoslovakia started the war
I had my holiday 2 years ago near Siena
>And if diesel is more energy dense, why don't we mainly use that in cars
On the other hand, if you are not at home and get attacked, and you defend yourself with a knife, it's extremely unlikely that it will be declared self-defense
Yeah but the rules for primarily resource exporters are always a little different.
Sometimes it's clear, like a specific word for male animals is always "der", and for compound words it can be derived from the parts
Serbia's passport is looking to be getting pretty strong.
Then Griss or whoever should have shown that courage.
I can see a lot of them, depending on where I go in the city
More recently, Wanda have been consistent with their good music
and then you sent ever single one of them to austria - on foot.
Thats for taking Silesia and for what you are doing to our common language
There were simply not as much less tasty, fresh ingredients around in the north, so people had to make do with what they had
Wucher (usury) is more flexible when it comes to the misproportion of value/countervalue and it also focuses on extortion or abusing a weak position of the other person, his young age and therefore not being able of proper judgement, or special desperation and so on
Having dialects in my language is so basic to me that I‘m more surprised if a language _doesn‘t_ have big differences between regions
if you know where you want to go use sites such as this one:
(I think at the border they often speak slovenian and sometimes get taught that in school
Yeah, I watched a pretty funny video about him speaking in english yesterday.
That is 80% of the Western world
It creates a large labor force and hence drives down the wages making it possible for companies to save a tremendous amount on wage costs.
yeah but that's spelled "Laberl" buddy, not "Labberl". or were you thinking of a "Lapperl"?
I doubt that any language in the world uses their own language exclusively
The discussion on what beats what was always fun, but somehow most of the time everybody knew what beat what (the discussion still happened lol)
„Higher education + middle school“-schools would usually have lockers
He has giant ears, and, since he is so young, there's often jokes along the line of him still being a student
>Europe has repeatedly been broken down into major regions where physical/geographical and often national and political criteria and considerations have figured prominently including human geography
The usage of the preamble "ur" draws a clearer line through Austria than any political party and could lead to civil war
I actually like them a bit softer than al dente - but you have to have good quality pasta so it is not mushy (but I know you wrote you like it that way)
I grew up with landline too and didn't have my first mobile until age 20 or so, but I can see your reasoning and it's probably correct for many
Someone once broke the front door lock trying to break into my parents' house
we call them "poor knights" here
[I had that one mind
I don’t know about the rest of Austria, but I can speak of Vienna through the eyes of an urban planning student
A country should try to avoid this for all costs, because it is way more expensive to deal with result
The assessment that Germany can’t wage a war on multiple fronts by the soviet generals was imho not wrong
The witch tells him that the girl is not here anymore, so in his grief he jumps off the tower, and falls into a bunch of thorny bushes
I thought this was a well-established concept in this sub: The most sensible investments for individuals are savings accounts, bonds and (if you want to take on some more risk) index funds.
I was shocked by how brainwashed people react and that I still knew all those things you are supposed to say because it was drilled into our brains at very young age
My whole neighbourhood actually is a historic area as there was not only a Roman civilian settlement for a long time (right outside of the military city Vindobona, now in the 1st district of Vienna), but before that it had been a Celtic settlement since the Bronze Ages
("Libertarian" is called "Liberal" in Europe, although I doubt European liberals would go as far as American Libertarians regarding "small government".)
I'm Tyroleaan and I love Vienna and the Viennese
Even when they aren't about to do that
Maybe he just doesn't like Americans ?
But since the perception of your opposite is already that they **are**, you can certainly comment, but all comments will fall on deaf ears
Don't forget about [St Mary's Basilica] in Krakow
So you are fine with asocial people putting others at risk
It's funny that you mention that Romanians complain a lot about their country though, because I usually hear the opposite
But I still fill my kid's Adventkalender each day, so there's that ;)
>Guns
China and Japan are great
Well, I suppose you could make an assassins creed that leads to a world war
The cavalrymen bought the schnapps and started to drink
[Schilcher] is a red or rose wine from Styria and sourish
Before me, behind me, left, right doesn't count
From the outside in you only see the things that are running better than at home
Reminds me a bit of an Austrian film from the early 90s. It's a mockumentary where a group of anthropologists/ethnologists from sub-saharan Africa go to Upper Austria to study the culture and of the natives
Tomate and Kartoffel are German and not Austrian words in my opinion
Check out their Album 'Orbit'
Judging from the footage it didn't look good for him but it hasn't been disclosed who the victims are
If somebody is offended by a joke, let them be offended though
Probably the upcoming national holiday of Austria the 26th of October
Mainly CS:GO . Then i started watching youtube videos to improve myself in the game, and nearly all of them were english speaking youtubers
Mozart wirkte aber die Mehrheit seines Lebens am österreichischen-kaiserlichen Hofe und in Salzburg, weshalb er nach heutiger Situation, aufgrund der neuen österreichischen Identität, ein Österreicher ist
But I still love sparkling water
I love both languages and could listen to them for hours
It could be that most of these companies are founded and run by a family that were formerly trade people
fuck how I hate this needless forced banter
They're spot on
Yeah I wasn't sure about that, thats why I was only talking about Austria
But good riddance
Probably Glock's?
I mean, Graz is kind of awesome
Does not even have to be about their lifes.
There was also never a railway ferry between Germany and Finland
Am Arsch, im Arsch oda ins Oarschloch eini
Tiny village in Northern Germany
Chemtrails are pretty popular
Behave yourself
All in all, I think the police are viewed favorably here.
Pennala	IT
Some of those cellars are still open to the public, for example the 12 Apostelkeller or the Eszterhazykeller
dudes in Mozart costumes selling concert tickets - mother of all scams, the concert is some random crap
oachkatzl is the animal, but its tail is called oachkatzlschwoaf
Beethoven
>Yeah, but most people just use it to heat a room
Gotta agree on that one :‘D
Yeah that was a national embarrasment
I like to picture the Alphorn as some sort of Swiss didgeridoo, it makes both instruments infinitely more funny (maybe it's just because i'm easily entertained)
It’s the same on the road, at the store, at work
Of course you can't just uncritically read "Mein Kampf" or something like that, but "In Stahlgewittern" is not openly a Nazi-book or anything
It’s considered impolite if you do not
I am still not completly used to it, but it wasn't too big of a change
I honestly love it
Viennese beer (Ottakringer) is utter shite tho haha
Public health care requires a public health care agency
Social democrats tend to be centre-left.
brace yourself
The fascist flag had a cross similar to the iron cross on it
Gift (poison)
Covers subway, trams, buses and trains within the city boundaries.
In healthcare (think nurses for example) it's either forbidden or at least very much encouraged not to have piercings
Here is one:
Not the current ones, but it's imported nonetheless.
Has done absolutely nothing to live up to this statement.
Nice opinion, yet I'm not talking about fission (which would be anyways unconstitutional in Austria for example), but fusion (which also is not "entirely theoretical" at all, just not practical)
German speakers are easy to identify and once you switch to German you can easily tell which country they're from
Don’t know what you learned in history but this might trigger something
A lot of grass will be burned,a lot of suffering
I am not a history nerd, so correct me if I am wrong, but my impression was that a lot of people wanted to join Germany and anyone who didn't probably would not have a fun life
For you: Imo only Einstein is on his level of importance.
>Current Austrian thinking is that Marcus' first car ran in the late 1880s.[\[3\]] However, early publications suggest that he may have had a petrol powered vehicle running earlier than 1870
It's not built around interests or skills, the people who can memorize stuff easier than others are good students, and a student who might be good at doing art and may not be as good at doing mathematics is considered a bad student just because art is not considered as important as mathematics
Btw, not at home, but I saw [these deers] in Dublin while walking through Phoenix Park
- Somalia
If I recall correctly there even was a concert of the vengaboys in front of the federal chancellery
as an east-austrian i learned croatian in ptimary school.
What's really naive is the belief that by closing the borders the immigration problem will just go away.
From what I've heard, those things happen mostly in the suburbs/banlieus.
Indian food is big there and there are definitely Indian dishes you can fit in a healthy diet
Any type of german is accepted.
Your Kachelofen has no Kacheln dude
But yes written Swedish is actually easier than Danish imho
I grew up and live in a small village, the most notable event would probably be the explosion of our powder magazine in 1782
And when you're ready, /r/acteuropa
That's quite a lead you got there
But I'm fairly far up a mountain and on the "shadow" side
“ — and I tried to correct her and she continued to call it that and god fucking dammit it really annoyed me (I know I sound rude but come on
" whilst not doing much themselves) as a signal that you really don't appreciate the current situation
That depends if you are a British worker or not.
In Austria too
its depressing, especially in a country that had to endure so much to even have a vote
* Johann Strauß & Johann Strauß Sohn (father & son)
I didn't even know that we had a list until I talked to a friend of mine that worked for the government
It's great, besides Hamburg it's the only city that has made me think about leaving Vienna
Pula here we come
Und saufts ned zwenig
Any corporation with presence in central Europe is going to keep the same office hours anyway.
That song made my heart skip beats when playing in the national stadium
We learned about the institutions, how they are made up, what their job is etc
(I‘m 19 now and my goal now is to improve my skills talking about politics with native-speakers)
Linz (207
i mean, we're hardly one to talk but your political landscape right now is barking mad
Most are untranslatable
On the other hand, it means they moved to Sweden without speaking the language.
saw my grandparents only once a year during summer holidays because they lived "far away", far away in this case meaning you'd be in the car for 2
With r/Schnitzelverbrechen we managed to catch way more heretics than before
I'm curious because I never realized that Ireland has that position.
It's not
And they did not try to capture him for a trial, like a civilized country would
Pasta, my dude
To the other Austrians: What do you think
that's what she said
Still my favourite
Literally taliban
works for me
Schlieffen Plan
Exactly the same shit was rushed through the Austrian parliament recently, with the same arguments: "It enables people to work more hours if they want to, VOLUNTARILY
That souldn't be legal
yeah
Most Austrians love Southern Germans and see them one one footing especially Bavaria
I see, yes I also believe that there is a shortage of a true left wing party in the parliament
Bejing and Shanghai are obvious (houston aswell) Geneva & Zürich I assume because of boringness/price of living (dont know much about Basel) why not frankfurt or vienna?
A robber has the potential to harm you
So fucked up
Nobody has anything against this, and people would even be happy to see that you're so in touch with where you came from (and what you *think* it means to come from there)
German = Blue
And the "standard" way of spelling in (Bavarian) dialect is not much better from what I can tell
Fuck off, you don't even know that country, you know it as well as a freaking tourist, probably even less so!
I'm in Salzburg today for the Salzburg Philharmonic Orchestra, so no viennese concert for me :)
who would have thought a german guy could be funny?
Its very hard to find a good place to live because the prices are ridicolous
The reason only about 50% of people in the US vote is very easily explained by their voting system.
)* lobbyist was friends with multiple politicians
Like how you say "Johannes" in German sometimes
good news is that accessorizing  is ok for guys and is kinda fun (nice scarf,  bag, etc)
I saved the 1ban for my moderator needs.
Austria doesn't even have a coast, let alone a mountainous coast
it's so sad how the poor villagers have to huddle around the fireplace in the middle of town.
Other movies don't really portrait us at all
Will you ever be able to forgive me
Vienna: tourism, art, music, probably historians (like tbh any other European city), Sachertorte
It is mainly about way of life, traditions and rituals
But honestly, why get KFC when you could have styrian backhendlsalat instead
Because Halloween is a fully commercialized holliday that is getting pushed so that some people can profit of it
[The only pic I have from the village I live]
Not my country but Medieval Iceland had "to drive the Elves away" as a funny way to say that
Shouldn't have lost the war then.
Sometimes this leads to very similar results, sometimes they are completly at odds
[Cute Frenchman with a Santa Hat] Flight engineer Thomas Pesquet's Space-Christmas message from the International Space Station
They would melt them to build better bikes
We'll see what the new guys give us
2) the ancient agypts are at fault,  because there are no woods on the pyramids,  because they cut all the trees, that were growing on them (on a human made building
might have to add, I learned it from an Italian
Don't know how it works in the Ladino areas though
Latvia = Lettland (Latvian-Land)
Never heard a non native actor speak German without a noticeable accent
Eh, it was one of the bricks that build up to today
"Provinz" in Austria
Can't you still get paper tickets in Tallinn when you buy directly from the driver
I'd like to see them defend their position against other factors like height or attractiveness, because we know people treat others differently in regard to those attributes
> Der Standard
>"I am sorry, could you please speak slowly and more high German
Germany was lobbying for the demands to be unfulfillable
Same but less intense for R&J. Animal Farm is more novel so we read a chapter between each lesson and then discussed
Yes
I am sure they would choose the diplomatic way
wow I didn't know what I expected when I scrolled down
I always thought of Spain as a pretty similar country to Italy only located more to the west.
so much this
Too nice here, couldn’t really imagine living anywhere else
Then there's the theory that Jörg Haider didn't die in a drunk driving accident, but it was a conspiracy by Mossad/CIA/German BND/George Soros/(((the Jews)))
And I don't know if these count, because there's no text, but also [The Blue Danube] and [Radetzky March] for some reason
i don't think that he is seen as anything remotly positive in austria as well
However I do mouth off strangers sometimes
Even if it's factual, I don't really get the implications of such a claim.
der Zwischenkriegs-Christlichsozialen=Vaterländische Front
but very sparsely the Standard German diminuitive -chen
German society is old (as in they have many old people) and the birthrates can't hold up with the people who either die or retire.
My gf's cousins always joke that it's crazy that I speak better Spanish than them, even though they've grown up there
Festzelte, Kirtage, Food Festivals, Music festivals, Christmas markets etc, etc, I'm looking at you :D
It's cheesy love songs (afaik) but some are kinda catchy.
Vienna is amazing
r/askgeorgia ?
Deftig
A friend of mine, who is a lower secondary grade teacher, once told me an interesting anecdote about a conversation between to ~12 year old students of her that went something like this:
We have that in Austria too, but it happens during the wedding festivities, so at some point in the night
The time that Austria was last understood as "eastern realm" were a few hundred years before that
You are also allowed to use the names:
I thought I saw a post of Fucking being named to Fugging and later being renamed to Fucking because people vandalized the sign to say Fucking again on the r/Austria subreddit, but I think I was wrong
Probably better to stay in whatever country you are from and protect your own culture.
I predate Bernd das Brot haha
Just because the killer was a muslim doesn't make it more horrible
Another one I like: "Da Blitz sull di beim scheißn daschlogn" ("may a lightning strike kill you while you're shitting")
> Las Vegas is also known for the strip clubs I guess
The precision in determining opening dates for new airports
Schengen EU countries have the possibility of adopting national rules obliging you to hold or carry papers and documents when you are present on their territory
All over Austria there are things called "Erdstall", for which there is no translation apparently
Huh
Cancer flesh
They are more popular with more educated and younger people
The [new version] is prebuilt into the socket
The other one apparently hid himself in the woods or something to avoid getting drafted
First up, your "possessions" Greenland and Iceland weren't worth much, were they
It's a bit more complicated than the car license, many people I know got the ACE (motorcycle, car, lorry + trailer) as it costs "only" the double of a regular car license.
Nobody can enter or exit unless their skin tone is [in the lower part of this chart] There's huge portraits of Shakira - hips be upon her - in all the streets
I always thought it has to do with the German TV channels etc
Ich hatte schon öfters Probleme in Wien mir ein Seidl/Seiterl zu bestellen
Also pretty sure your southern states would not really appreciate that, because they got fuck-all to do with the nordic countries
Nobody has the *right* to just walk in and do as they please.
well I know several muslims, including my best friend that I know since highschool, who were not born in germany (or austria, where I grew up and went to school).
It's probably less common in more rural/conservative parts of the country though
Why would you want a snack in the before the main meal of the day
The british are way worse at admiting this
It happens in many countries that way
You can do many things with cold boiled eggs
keep watching until the omelette part at the end
The *mural* crown (Mauerkrone, kleiner aber wichtiger Unterschied) is for the burghers
HOWEVER, the education at a Neue Mittelschule is definitely not at the level of an average Gymnasium
And more mobile tactical cookie bakeries.
> Austria in particular, c’mon, glass houses doesn’t even come close…
Conspiracy theories revolve about the death of Jörg Haider.
I didn't find any strong opinions from any party in Austria regarding nuclear fusion, what are you basing your statement on
We should not forget that e.g. Styria was a country of mixed ethnicities for centuries
>have the Swiss be in charge of it
Turbobier - awesome punk band
I only really heard good things about it and I'm kind of tired of having only the choice between McDonald's and Burger King when you want Fast Food Burger...
If you don't manually lock it with a key, self-locking doors are incredibly easy to get into
A system that theoretically allows it to win the office with 21,8%.
Well, those people might also even eat their "Schnitzel" with Tunke
So me and my GF were on a little trip to Budapest.
I love how Hungary sides with Austria on that one
Hey
I think so, i'd assume they're talking about a bag/small bag.
Not the quantity, but the quality
It just seems a bit weird, everything in the EU is free market etc
I am somewhat concerned about the loss of technical skill by losing all the workers.
shut up and just give me my kebap how I ordered it,  kebap man
Well, I did have courses in university that included the Hildebrandslied
Or even worse, a united South Slavic constituent country that could claim dominion over them in the future
There might be some "international law" master program that is indeed taught in English on some Austrian universities - but your master should be very close to your bacherlor degree, or you will have to catch up on a lot of material - and even do a lot of tests - that were in the bachelor program.
It would be awesome to have a Disney movie with artwork inspired by the Ivan Bilibin illustrations of Russian folktales
From the russian point of view he tries to destabilize the government with fabricated stories about an assassination (honestly, that phonecall was too much
But with historic context i can say: what happened then was wrong and austrias reaction was wrong and look what happened after, because some people thought it more important to be the though country and retaliate with so much over the top force to prevent to be seen as weak
My shower is made to hold a whole grown human
Mostly because they probably hurt us more than them.
Only because the Kingdom Austria was formed Vienna became suddenly capital, I‘ll take a wild guess and say because it was the most important city that still belonged to our land
The Germans across the border are Bavarians
Danish & Swedish both sound too much like a very weird twisted version of German with some uncommon sounds, while Finnish is just a bit too far from my Indo-European expectations
Its not that bad
In both cases people are kinda surprised when they realise they aren't born here
Probably it would make more sense to invest in education and social infrastructure than into a militia of half-wits ... but what do I know
"Schnaps" is just a generic name for distilled fruit spirits, "Zwetschgenschnaps" or "Pflaumenschnaps" would be the German names for slivovitz.
but driving there solely for buying this stuff is a bit weird
Burgenland's entire infrastructure was directed towarss Sopron and Szombathely, so after 1918/1945 it went to shit and they would have needed to build new infrastructure but didn't for a long fucking time
Europe is now full of far-right nationalist populist parties with prominent positions and even governing
I don't like hamburgers, much prefer mashed potatoes + steamed vegetables with my rissoles.
These antennas were in use until 2008 or so
Latin is really hard to use in everyday life
They're not mutually exclusive
It's all Brät - ground meat, but the texture depends on how fine or coarse it's ground and also how fatty/lean the meat is
German Rap is quite big since there are more Countrys where German is an official Language.
Edit: I agree on the corruption problem though
Es is wirkli sche
Most famous would be the Wörthersee Manderl which created the Wörthersee by filling it with water from an infinite water bottle
After that I didn't know Plovdiv (BG), Bielefeld (I'm pretty sure they made that one up), and Craiova (RO)
Verzweifelt ("Desperate"..... I am only joking
but i heard it safer when you own a gun too.
giving an ultimatum to Serbia I suppose
if he wrote it on social media, they would have had it deleted and brought him in for another session on forced patriotism.
Now I'm sad that this isn't true
We fuse into one, great alpine nation.
Mainly yes
South Tyrol should not be coloured in
The ones you can buy in the supermarket are called Tortilla Chips but people still refer to them as Nachos and not really as Tortilla Chips.
Just wow
You really know how to piss off people
My car
Maybe it's people downvoting each other based on the flags/flair.
Just as an info for anyone reading this thread: /r/de is a sub that you have to choose to subscribe (since it is intended to be a German language only sub), /r/germany is the default sub for Germans afaik.
Bussi
Beef Jerky is available here sometimes but very expensive
The Ottoman empire was a transcontinental empire controlling most of southeastern Europe, Northern Africa and Western Asia
Well, that might be a good a time as any to talk about resource use in the context of taking a shit/piss then
Also, it was a heavily bastardized version of *Rock Me Amadeus*.
At the weekend they eat out
We built a nuclear power plant and didn't turn it on
Not sure how many of you actively know of it, but Bitdefender, the antivirus brand, is Romanian
keep watching until the omelette part at the end
And the Austro-fascists didn't want to do that so Austria ceased to exist as a country after that.
Nah, it shouldnt be dry
don't forget the ancient cast iron stoves...
It's quite surreal all this - but at least we all feel like we're doing something
I dont know what to think about Figl
It was founded by an Austrian who went to Canada and later merged with a Canadian company
He is the main dev, his vision and beliefs influence the game
Can't speak for all of Europe, but when police here raids weapon stashes of islamists (or biker gangs or whoever) it's always illegal weapons.
People who speak Schönbrunner Deutsch make me want to swim face down in the Danube
Their narrow-mindedness and focus on their roots may have helped to keep their cultural identity alive after becoming part of Italy, but they've long been granted wide-reaching autonomy rights, so it really feels outdated and out of place by now
Yeah, but you're from *Russia*.
He looks like a second Trump
It has the best of two worlds: The picturesque towns like in Italy and the great coast with many islands.
Especially Norway
We didn't do nothing
Yes, it's a grandparent's game here as well
Since the show that produced the video (Willkommen Österreich) airs on national TV (ORF) they likely couldn't upload just the narrated video without the laughs.
Kaiserliche Wagenburg
It later became known that while Hofer was at the temple mountain, someone tried to climb over a barricade and was shot at by the police, but this was not identical to Hofers description of an assault with granades and machine guns
Distinct languages we don't have any, but we have minority languages from the neighboring countries in border regions which we collectively tend to forget about very often
For us it‘s both red and white wine
Methanol might be a relatively cheap type of alcohol, but I wouldn't recommend it.
I know I wouldn't. He also has been smoking like a chimney ever since he was 14 years old, but he's still exceptionally fit for his age
- they either talk weird German or weird Croatian
Probably the most generic part of Austria
Hardwood you should store 2-3 years before burning
It's a [masterpiece]
Well, there's a reason why Trump and Brexit are by far the biggest laughing stocks in any relevant political comedy programme around the globe
Protesting against  financial help for southern eu countries helps in this regard to secure votes
[First a two metre penis statue made from stone and now this] There is something going on
I'm guessing it's also a topic were you could mess up with many potential voters as politican
There's wolves that far west
And it *does* kind of make sense to have a distinct national identity, considering we are closer in pretty much anything but language to (for instance) Czechs or Slovenians than most parts of Germany ¯\\\_(ツ)\_/¯
Maybe it has also to do with the fact that Heidi Klum is a very unfunny person
They are from an Austro-Hungarian game, so you are correct in calling them that
plus he forced Austria to be annexed
But the Republic of Austria is not a successor of the Habsburg Empire.
When I miss a comma in German just use one of those I put too much in English, there's plenty to choose from
50/50 I'd say
Is it our culture to gas people to death
We also have lots of 'false friends' between English and German, so words might ot be identic but since the pronunciation of certain words or phrases are the same it is easy to get the translation wrong
and we see it with the younger generations, that english is becoming more and more use in the daily activities
Had a big BD this year too
That feels strangely familiar to me.
Since very recently (probably because of the pandemic) they have an [instagram account] that provides news in Hungarian, Bosnian/Serbian/Croatian, Czech, Slovenian, English, Turkish, Arabic, Farsi and Austrian sign language
The end
I don't think that was ever the case
The problem is that the Lidl chocolate has to compete with Belgian chocolate in one country and Bulgarian chocolate in the other.
So cool, and I love that the Computing Centre in Barcelona looks fancy as *uck.
No Kernöl? No good
We also use "It's a spanish village to me" (like the balkans)
&#x200B;
maybe that helps you too
The performance should actually be the same if you use the same currency in the comparison.
van der Bellen: Left-wing, environmentalist, plans a more traditional moderate presidency, wants reform but with level-headedness and calm discussion
> in Germany we learn that we forced it onto you through pressure from our armed forces but I guess that's just half the story
Thanks for your comment
Edit: at the Border of Styria and Burgenland , near a big city 400
Otherwise, most bigger Austrian cities don't have particularly nice names
No, you lost your funny parts after WW2!
What's the difference between a truckload of bowling balls and a truckload of babies
This is what the UK is arguing about
"Am I the deschek
Donaudampschiffkapitänsmützenabzeichen.
i have a keychainthing thats mostly formed like a coin, but then it has a rectangular piece - so i can insert it in the coin slot - get the cart free - and pull the keychainthing out
that smaller part which contains most people
In which case you would be right - that would be like saying “people from Bavaria can apply to ESTA - people from Berlin can’t”
[From me] funnily enough ;)
Those 2 I can get in the regular supermarketfor a regular prize.
According to the [wiki]#wiki_belgium) you can get tax advantages for investing for retirement, so I'd say definitely try to contribute the maximum amount here.
And no, we don't all ski to our schools or jobs everyday
You know that in the Disney version, her sidekick would be a wheel of cheese
Santa Claus is very present in the media, but for children it's still the "Christkindl" (baby Jesus) that brings the presents
Even writing this hurts my family jewels
I've gotten the impression FPÖ leadership never really wanted out of the EU, but they did want those sweet anti-EU votes.
I'm a grown man now, but still, sometimes when I walk alone in the dark I still involuntarily imagine it waiting for me behind a tree or a corner
You won't be
I'm gonna open a beer on that
Some background on this: The ÖVP is traditionally a federal party where power is distributed over State Leaders, Chamber Leaders (all except Workers Chamber) and the Main party
And they still are in many parts of the world
Well clearly it is cheaper to pay lobbyists to make sure nothing changes :-)
I hate it with a passion
You should expect to touch not even a dime of this money for 10 or 15 or even 20 years
Killing an animal is not wrong regardless of how intelligent they are or how much they don't want to die.
Mostly New Year's eve, and certain festivals like the *Danube Island* free music festical in Vienna
Hey, we got proper healthcare and low crime rates, don't chuck us into the same bucket like those crazies over the pond
there's only relatively small and quiet cities in austria, except for vienna, and even this exception is debatable
With our performance lately you may really have a chance
Like Hungarians call themselves "Magyars".
Also having fractions of a dollar as coin (nickel, dime...) but not actually putting these fractions ON the coin is a bit...
German can sound badass if spoken by an angry man (i.e. Christoph Walz or Till Lindemann) but serbian always sounds badass and sexy, no matter who speaks
Also, (Austro-)Bavarian has literal rules with grammar, spelling and all, I'm pretty sure they are actually written down and everything
The polish theater showed polish stuff
No need to stay desperate, you can do it if you put your mind to it
Haven't had any Schnitzel though
Reason is a concordat treaty between the Vatican and Austria that grants the catholic chur h the privilege to teach at public schools
Or if you have "sketchy" neigbours
"For Christ's sake" is an interjection, a phrase that's usually added to emphasize something.
god help us
Fair enough
Klingt komisch, is aber so
I have no idea how society views that
I am able to save about 400€ a month but I have a lot of hobbys and I‘m not really frugal
As my Hungarian friend suggested, it's a very ambitious itinerary, but generally, it's doable, although I probably wouldn't recommend it.
That's because we probably still are in a higher terror alert state
Not sure what you are implying, but i can assure you, germans are not silent and very well aware of the crimes germany comited during the second WW.
yeah, about the possible entry of the nephew of Gerhard Berger, a former Austrian Formula 1 pilot
Really
I live in a small village, so not very much has happened here
What's globalist about it anyways
Hungarian almost sounds like a waltz to me and it’s quite deep and sensual
He did it as German chancellor
>which is why almost all armies reserve them for specialist units, and use semi automatic rifles with reduced propellant, called "assault rifles".
), an outer border region (of an Empire)
All reddit wants to know is how much likelier you are of being raped in Sweden versus how likely you are to getting shot in The United States
Yo, flag-thief, we don't know who you are referring to
I hope that makes sense haha
Nice translation that is, in german it's "Das Schicksal ist ein mieser Verräter" which means "Fate is a lousy traitor"
Salzburg or Graz sound like a good choice that actually makes sense
Makes sense
It's just Austrian history leading to WWI
They still call me that
Will be "fun" once Brexit is through
Austar meaning east and the latin word Austri meaning south
Same as Germany
While speaker B realized that something was "wrong" about speaker A's sentence, he didn't notice the grammatical inaccuracy, because the semantic meaning of the sentence was clear (btw: the grammatically "correct" way would be "Gib mir *das* Lineal" - "Hand me *the* ruler")
But those are smaller
Or „Froschen“ and „Schweinern“ which mean „Frog-en“ and „Pig-ing“
Obviously not
Opus - Live is Life: [
What you call a [Wiener] we call a Frankfurter
I only made the comment because the first argument of OP was a German stereotype
* A strong Kurdish presence represents a potential danger to Turkish territorial integrity
"WE'RE BACK AND SORRY FOR BEING SUCH BLOODY CUNTS
Yeah they all have that 20s/30s retro vibe...
-> the first to settle here were also Celts
why not ask that in a british sub?
That is not something "widely taught" at all
The divide is between those who play with German suited cards (Hearts, bells, acorns, leaves) and those who play with traditional 'French' cards (️️ ️ clubs)
Origin in English
However, in Romanian it means a cunning/sly person
It's a big memorial, and a lot of it is still in shape, more or less as it used to be
I'm not joking
Looks like CGI
That's one thing they do really well
Yeah before it became a 1st world country.
for me the most curious thing is that there's a space for two last names :)
It is shocking to see how even younger generations are indoctrinated into this anti-german attitude.
only criminals and losers go to army.
And read the wiki before asking for "secret non-touristic amazing stuff to discover in Vienna" - if something is really cool and interesting, it will likely also be marketed to tourists.
I get to see my parents twice a year and my brother and all my friends maybe once a year
Sneaking in wasn‘t too hard as well
eingeswitzerd
Hello everyone :)
Knights of Malta chief resigns on Pope's orders over condom row
Seems like an obvious combo to someone sitting there in front of both pizza ovens and a kebab stand
Just one country over a full scale invasion was going on
(totally made up story of course, but I know how much the Dutch still complain about the Germans for stealing their bikes during WWII)
First of all: people who are betting do not make a good sample.
Even just the standard Germany-German dialect (which a lot of Germans claim to be no dialect but "proper" German) sounds overly formal and slightly rude to a lot of Austrians
To become a hunter (get a certificate that allows you to hunt) you have to take an extensive course, covering not only gun safety but also deer management, environmental aspects etc.
I know
Jobs in a creative environment, like marketing agencies sometimes already pay full salary for 32h.
Funfact: changing your name afterwards is easier and allows for more freedom
There will be the odd one out once in a while, but it's rare
Are there any official communication channels from the EU commission, that give details about what that deal will most likely include, or what has been negotiated so far
It‘s hard to count how many nobel prizes we have as a country, since the people that got them either had dual-citizenship when they got it or weren’t a citizen anymore
Neither was he in Germany
Who is the new one now
We learned a little bit about the war, like the battle of France, operation Barbarossa etc
But the USA gov
Very interesting
wanna do something together on the weekend?
None of these countries are socialist in any way lol
Even though your people do so many tiny things that I absolutely can't stand (mainly linguistically, but also some habits), I can't help it but love all of you
"Das deutsche Volk" existierte bereits als es noch kein "Deutschland" gab, so nannte man einfach die deutschprachige Volksgruppen in Mitteleuropa.
Yeah and probably 80 trillion of that is in real estate and we'll know how stable that is and in no way a bubble again.
It's nearly free, the public universities are charging 363,63 Euro per semester.
Because Austria lost against Prussia in 1866
The helicopter bill was the only one I ever saw, and it was ~3500€, assuming a price of 500€/day(I know it's probably to low) the hospital would have cost me another ~7500€ (probably closer to 10k)
I mean, I get what you mean, but standard german is what people most commonly write in for a reason
The headline is utter BS unless it meant that it could power a tiny fraction of Europe.
[source]
Absolutely nothing in Danish, Norwegian or Icelandic
As the top poster said, "staple" is wrong
Even more so if it is a movie I want to see asap, for example to avoid spoilers or just hyped about to see
sadly that will end way too soon
*Ohhhhne England, fahrn' wir zur EU...*
Bussi
Beating your kids is striclty forbidden, if your third question is refering to that.
I wonder what he keeps in his utility belt..
Forgive my ignorance, but what makes a poster a bedroom poster?
Loads and loads of north face jackets and logo-ed polos here
You are a weird ass and neurotic people, but at the end of the day you are a really great country
(Writen) Ich weiß nicht was du meinst, wir labern (is that the standard german word
CC is extreme hard to optain in Austria, you need to prove your life is in serious danger if you don't carry the gun.
That'll sure show the rest of the country how sane they are!
Seriously though, check out the [Inuktitut writing system] It looks like what they use in the movies for extraterrestrial writing systems
I just think that nonsense words are an odd choice for a visual
as it looks a bit like "Kuchlkastl" so i guess its a cupboard
In german speaking countries, we are highly aware that we were part of the baddies in WW2
it is not a fast food (but you can put a cold Schnitzel in the Semmel instead of Wurst making it a Schnitzelsemmel)
We often feel insignificant next to them, but you can't beat a common language and culture.
Well I (I'm catholic btw) do know quite a few practicing Muslim Bosnians, and their "mindset" is completely European.
Always makes me excited to hear it, but I got a huge boner for Spanish culture in general
Ich bin doch noch hier
But when I got 50 people in a room as big as my livingroom, waiting in line, that's not the time to "prank" me.
very common, they're just your second(and third, etc) first name and can legally be used as such
OP probably meant 'european' as in Turkey.
To be correct though, it's not about canceling his visit but only the meeting with the Queen
We have a lot in common like dialect, culture, landscape and we both hate the rest of germany
Yeah, I have an traditional cooking book and around 70% of the receipts are vegetarian.
BS, Poles in UK are safe as much as British citizens
"Weil ohne Faschismus wären wir ja gleich von den Nazis überrannt worden, oder wir wären unter den Roten eine Sowjetrepublik geworden
Sieghart, Friedbert, Helmfried, Stahlhelm.
Well, a huge part of what makes us 'us'.
Almost all armies issue "select fire" rifles to general infanterists
Well, sort of yes and no
Salzburg is attracting mostly Americans and Asians
I think I was like 16 when I first paid attention to the lyrics
-people with low self esteem
I loved Calm after the storm
Sandu Ciorba - Pe cimpoi
feeling at least somewhat insulted when you get called German is rather universal
Lol
Actually maybe this helps: I grew up around left-wing politics my whole life (my parents are both politicians) so I know this game inside-out and I am very well aware of the weaknesses of classic left policies (as well as classic right policies)
Well, between that, Jobbik and Fidesz
You do realise that you are speaking about a Part of Roman MYTHOLOGY
Sadly there is no place called Grossgross and I was very devastated finding it out
We'd be the room between the western and eastern wing of the building
Feels like [Money Boy] is the only one we got.
What passes as writing system and not just as a few symbols is always debatable.
Friend of mine had trouble with his son's name and seriously considered to just name him some standard Austrian name and then rename him the next day
I can't even remember how I learned about it, I'm just very interested in Red Vienna
(Cursive as in normal "joined writing" mind you, not some special or archaic form; English seems to be peculiar in that it's lacking a proper term for it
Mossadegh was an ineffectual leader and a Kremlin asset
sure, that's why so many ideas, inventions and technologies came from the US in the 19th century...
It was planned to send the little that was left over from it back to England so Leopold didn't get excommunicated but the english people sent to pick it up refused to take it for fear of getting robbed on the way home
In a similar way, those shills work on disturbing discussions by flooding them with whataboutisms and deflections.
Similarly in Austria Servus TV can afford to show some interesting niche stuff because it's more or less just a hobby project for Mateschitz.
The FLNC
Well we never know, maybe I‘m wrong and Mozart will be forgotten by tomorrow :‘)
Alban
In the case for Austria and I'd assume for most European countries it's that if you're born there, live there, are integrated in society and have the same values, traditions then you're 100% of that nationality.
I'm glad that they are the ones managing the Corona crisis and not the previous ÖVP+FPÖ government
In Vienna, if correcting a neighbor's behavior absolutely *has* to be verbal, then it at least needs to be yelled out of an open window or down from a balcony
Interesanterweise sagt die englische Variante der Seite was anderes:
I pay with me phone via Apple Pay all the time
if we didn't regain the old lands we would be even smaller than now D:
) So yeah, that‘s that, there‘s really not much I can choose from
I guess you should either focus on exploring one part of europe, or think about what cities/countries you always wanted to visit and how to connect them in the best way.
or maybe it's because we're reluctant to travel long distances
Yes, we had that too for a few years - [its really handy back up once you have used up all your regular aged soldiers and it's easiest to teach patriotism and esprit de corps when they are young]
I've always thought that's such a weird term
It has also nothing to do with Estonian jews.
^/s
And time & space
~4 minutes walking to the tramway station
The whole idea of citizenships is a bit absurd in a globalized world
Yes we had, but only one year in secondary school
It's ok, there is a treatment for that!
Look Radetzky throughout his life refused to define himself ethnically and only ever identified himself as a soldier of the Empire
The first few days without facebook, Insta and Whatsapp would be rough ngl, but it would be interesting which alternatives would arise
They work together with a museum within China
How does the UK even manage to not just go up in flames and burn?
Stephan's Cathedral, Schönbrunn Castle, St
>provinces
This is what the UK is arguing about
The way he is talkig publicly (that's important that he is making these threats in the public) he should be Persona non grata in the EU-Memberstates.
I'd mention Kickl's horses though
oh yeah happens all the time
You have to respect the Ampelmann
Wennst amoi in Wien woast wirst dei Meinung ändern
Historically it was used like that in German as well, as a loanword from Czech
In my school you were able to choose between Latin/Spanish/French and Italian in 7th grade.
GDP per capita is higher in the former regions of the Allied occupation and lower in the former Soviet occupation zones in eastern Austria
They seriously contemplated changing the name, because they had to replace the name-plate so many times
I don't care about people learning our language or "integrating" as long as they respect and obey our laws
I eventually started to watch a lot of YouTube, tv shows and movies on my own, and that's basically how I constantly kept improving (obviously through reading books as well) . So yeah my advice would be keep on reading books in English, and watch a shit ton of movies or tv shows
(if I had to dial quickly I mean)
But legal protection exists basically everywhere.
I am sure he will return somehow, they always find ways
Otherwise really local
It's inevitable
two girls (late teens) from the us were completely astonished, we have fridges in austria (i do not know what they thought we use - ice
At least that one is common in Austria.
47% voted against it
Trilliarde = 10^21 = 1 000 000 000 000 000 000 000
It is because of marketing
I Like English a lot
Why would anyone expect spending to go down?
>after inventing whiskey, we took a break for 300 years before inventing anything else
Aren't the danes uo there with the austrians when it comes to winter sports and skiing
Who are the perpetrators
I pay 16€ for 25GB with 15GB of those usable in EU and Switzerland
I’ve never had the idea to translate my posts
A smooth criminal
It was in the middle of the migration when it officially given up because a software used in the Kindergartens did not run on the distro and then all PCs already ran on it were replaced with new PCs wits Windows Vista for 125
Sure, but I don't think they have the need to mess with us on that level
That's the cool thing: you are perfectly eligible to do whatever the fuck you want!
Austria has got completely free unis for EU citizens although the quality may be questionable
Currently living in Götaland and having lived in Bodø before can confirm
Of course, we got the well-known village of „Fucking“ in Austria
I wonder why :-D
How popular is alpine skiing all over Sweden?
Not German, but I think so can still answer in the spirit of the question
Hey that's my birthday :0
Highly depends on the Arts degree, though.
* The "correct" order of letters for words like "meter"
Yeah and you can make nazi jokes, if you like that sort of thing.
Armie Hammer, is it you
No proper lighting (ceiling lights) in living rooms
* It is a good opportunity to attempt unite the politically divided Turkish people
Well sch is pretty much one letter
We just had presidential elections and instead of the centrist parties it was the Green (progressive) and the right-wing populist candidate who made it to the final round.
The real problematic groups (Chechens, Afghans, North Africans) were here long before.
Let’s not forget that the Treaty of Versailles was unfair and way too harsh
If nothing else, it's the easiest/most convenient place to store them
I think the reason why it looks childish is bc it looks so awkward
Around here Graz is said to be the city of Tech and Vienna the city of Universities and stuff, but idk if it‘s just in my federal state or nationwide
You do realize that police doesnt go carring netguns everywhere no?
They were all replaced in the 50s.
That's not exactly something people are denying
(Seriously, we are not Germans
> He argued that he had promised his wife not to shake hands with another woman
I mean, they even electrocute their breadcrumbs, not sure what kind of hate the have toward this type of food
For TV and radio news most trusted and I'd say objectively best quality is our national broadcaster ORF.
Might I ask which one it is ?
If I had to choose between fries and any other invention in here I‘d chose fries
Well first part translates to Churchhill cause there is literally a church on a hill
And well even if it's not healthy on an absolute scale, I don't see how the food from a restaurant would be necessarily less healthy than the same dish made at home
If you have weed on you in prague and the police sees you, they wish you a nice day
Sounds great tbh
But you hear much more about Germany than about Italy, for example
I think you are underplaying the effect of the EU, imagine everybody goes back to their own nation and especially the Balkan region will go back to hating each other even more over slights, perceived or not.
I've been there once and wasn't blown away
just curious: where in italy is the surname Costa from
17 in the class of my daughter
yeah, like in the whole sane world, but only in Germany and Austria you have to face prison, up to 10 years here.
But they didn't have defenestration back then, so something was definitely missing
But let's try it again
How come some countries are detailled and other ones aren't?
Well i can tell you as an austrian there no big changes lol
>but still have a trade agreement
3 Vienna Convention on the Law of Treaties).
Once in the summer and once around Christmas
Every country agreed to the ruling and could have prevented the legislation with a single vote in the council back then
Most of his proposals are anything but popular.
They turn into soil
Haven't seen it in a shower I think
The thing is you can get addicted to everything (sugar, cigarettes, Alcohol, pills, fat/fast food, sports
Having colonies sounds stressful
as Eastern Austrian, I wish
We're from rural background and so having houses/villages surrounded by forrest it isn't too uncommon to see Deer/etc.
That‘s like saying the EU is a nation
Austria: [Result of presidential election 2016] between right-wing candidate Hofer (blue) and left-wing candidate Van der Bellen (green), as well as some others.
Some assembly may be required:
From the party and period, she was the minister of labour in the former PM’s cabinet
5-1 time per day
Woher kommst Du
I do it all the time except for when little kids and police officers are around.
>-Faux positivity; when they post what seem to be really forced memes, pictures or stories that desperately try to push through a positive narrative but seem somewhat removed from reality (e.g. "This brave pupper guarding our airport
geh leck
Spent 2h waiting in Atlanta this year
So Austrians are also allergic to their country?
In the east they like to prolong the pronunciation
But there's hardly any songs like that, and I listen to them very rarely
sponsored by huawei
Full-face veils are a pretty rare find even in Favoriten.
And yet you seem to hear more religious phrases from Republicans than from CDU politicians
Here are the correct terms for Austria:
Nowadays it's all in the EU family anyways ️️
Theoretically it's possible to live and work in Turkey but still be able to vote in Austria whenever it tickles your fancy.
But if something like this happened, it would rather come to new elections, although it happened in 2000 when the negotiations to form a coalition lead by the top party at the time failed and party number two and three formed a coalition and the head of party number three became chancellor
I think that Austria shares many political views with the former Eastern European countries.
Any party that provokes reelections gets soundly blown out on the day of decision
Honorary mention: old Dacia cars
Really bad, we should stick together, not give more power to China.
) as they were suffering from an active brain haemorrhage that could’ve killed them
„Benutzername prüft aus“ darad ma drüman auf /r/de jiatzad song
Pretty much like a smaller and more accessible version of Vienna that has better infrastructure
Moneyboy is the new Mozart
Totally austrian (south tyrol)
A Trump supporting Brexiteer like you should get nationalism.
Either marry a native or have a lot of money.
So where's the big giveaway
It's just so utterly boring
On a Playground, in the garden of some family i dont know, in an empty House and once in Czechia, about 20 km beyond the border
How come
kinda
Ethnicities in the Empire, especially in the cities were just too mixed to portray them as one and one nationality alone
Very rarely you can order a Mailänder Schnitzel here, with parmesan in the crust, but I don't actually know whether that's what an original milanese is
How much did it cost to do this
Either Faroe Islands or Svalbard
Taking a look at their website, at first glance their party program actually looks pretty reasonable (apart from the obvious, ridiculous pipe dream of Habsburg restoration)
Of course yes, forgot to say that :)
> For my personally it would be Beethoven's Moonlight Sonata
The problem is actually not the fact that they want to be no EU member
It took a while for my dad to discover that one of the guys was actually from his own company and could speak German
Me neither, Vienna is supposed to be one of the safest cities in Europe, this was the first terror attack we had in over 40 years
Gotta say, its not that much better over here
European countries have very restricted carry laws.
We met while she was working in America (she had a 2 year work visa) and we agreed that after those two year that we would live in Austria for 2 years then decide from there where we would live permanently
The new one is far right
The public transport and the infrastructure in Vienna is perfect
Hopefully no more fascist asses, that's my thought
" a month ago, now try find a statement from Merkel along those lines
Franz Schubert
Right now the FPÖ seems to be more nebulously claiming that there are "too many" (without giving any indication how many would be fine) and that they are "dangerous" (again: no actual measurables given)
They also have lots of [Sahrawi] immigrants/refugees, who speak ofc Arabic, good enough Basque and a little Spanish
For Salzburg it's definitely the Hohensalzburg Fortress overlooking the city
And obviously, the district and letters make great number plates, like [PE*NIS 20]
My favourite Austrian saying is: Des is ghupft wia ghatscht.
Not from Austria, but [Frucade] is generally considered to be a cult drink in Austria and southern Germany (produced in Bavaria)
I'll tell you buddy if we ever meet in the morning I will very rudely refuse to wish you a good morning and not even acknowledge your existence
Salzburg is now a Part of Austria and an important Part of the Austrian Identity
Italy: you have one of the most beautiful languages in the world
The source of your laws is congress which derives its power from the constitution which in turn derives its power from the people.
Funny you mentioned the word "seldom". We actually learned that in school and used it quite frequently in class but I've never heard it in real life
Ambulanz (ER)
Kopf und Schulter, Knie und Fuß, Knie und Fuß.
Kurt Waldheim 1918, St
Wieselburg (Mosonmagyaróvár)
Because of similar experiences nearly every time I actively look up the lyrics of a song I like, I normally make it a point of *not* listening to lyrics in songs anymore
thanks, never heared of that sauce
LAND DER BERGE
I even got a lot of that in Sussex, but tbf it was a bit hippie-ish in that area
Works for WW2 as well:
it wouldn't hurt to go for long term positions on selected picks.
You can have both
In Europe it depends more on your current salary, type of employment, family situation (but of course, debts and late payments can have an negative influence on your score)
Is there any data that shows that something like menstrual symptoms affect women in such a way that a leave would be justified?
They not only protect you, but they protect people around you that can't be vaccinated due to age, illness, or allergies
It *is* fucking weird, and embarassing
The 2008 football EC group stage match vs germany
Birth control pill and nuclear splitting
Admins: "Some" people say that German Wiki admins extensively delete everything that doesn't fit their personal opinion
no way can our little toy army withstand any sort of agression from russia!
First time i hear that one
süß = siaß
Never forget Elisabeth
The Snowden leaks and the NSA scandal didn't portray the USA in a favourable light either
Love this clip and I also love that Macron not only tweeted in German today to show his support for Austria, but he also visited our embassy in Paris
But he's the playwright, not on the stage (mostly)
and as europeans i don’t think we can quite imagine how bad it is, because we are so used to accessible high quality health care
I've been there in October this year and as we visited the castle in Arco they wouldn't let us in.
_ Sometimes it‘s also a silent letter
The name of the digits
The arrogance and ignorance of about 50% of the country
And her real support is much higher for 2nd round than polls suggest.
Luckily there is a cinema in my city that plays all movies non-dubbed
Those are just some of the basic ones every employee gets regardless of what you do
>contracts are standardized
Well it worked though didn't it?
What do you mean by that
You sure you covered all of your neighbors?
Everyone knows Finland is the balls of Europe.
40 minutes by public transport including walking (mostly due to the early hours), 25 minute bike ride (or 20 if I'm really trying)
I still have a tab open, one of their last posts was: "Remember the President is just a figure head and doesn't have any real power
...please continue
Das war scheints mal wirklich Satire?
That's a good explanation that I'll be using when my friends complain about it/me again
That's the weird thing, I do know the opening of Lady Oscar, but I don't think I've ever seen it.
Heilige Scheiße!
I love living in Austria
Well, we may complain much, but we get shit done and are among the countries who have taken in the most refugees per capita wise
I wouldn't say it's common or rampant, but here in the rural areas where you can evade the police at back/forestroads it happens.
My teacher said something about too much chlorine
well, you can't say they were gentle...
There are 8 in the whole of Austria
How do you even survive
There will be governments that go "fuck consumers, retailers can round how they want".
Also when i've been abroad for a few weeks time it has happened that i completely blank out on some German expressions altogether, standing there looking for what i wanted to say like someone learning the language from new
Edit: many culprits are not outright neonazis but stupid (mostly male) students visting the sites as part of a school trip
It's far too early to tell or care about them, since the majority of them won't even be on the ballot in the end.
dk] That's over a hundred years of difference
Glück = Glick
The problem is still that the workers have to work in smoking environments
Basically, you'd need to leave for 90 days to be allowed 90 days in again.
Schwartz is actually a real german name, so you are not as bad as you think :)
* [Wachau Valley]
You can unlearn other "Austriazisms" when speaking standard German or another language, but the voiced s is always one of the last things that to keep
* The region is still in chaos and under dubious legal status
The strangest thing is, I think he will still get a few percent of the votes in the Vienna election
No washing/Air drying of white clothes/bed sheets between Christmas and Epiphany
People handing you a flower (usually a rose) or wanting you to take a picture with them, then demanding you pay them for it
Did I say something stupid again
And marmite is pulled off shelves D:
When I team up with Romanians in Counter Strike, I somehow always ask them what they think about Ceausecu, most ofnthe time they say that they like him and that he was a good one
Take more refugees than 90% of the Union - get shit on by the countries that didn't take any because you didn't take ALL refugees.
So basically a direct translation
Austria just is its own name since a loooong time
It looks a bit like the problem of the tragedy of the commons to me.
Chains are only for emergency, short usages
We have beautiful lakes and mountains and lots of interesting history and culture
I made a mistake though, here *both* projectile and floor are spelled and pronounced Geschoß [ɡəˈʃoːs], and in the North *both* are spelled and pronounced Geschoss [ɡəˈʃɔs]
\*looks what trump might have said about Austria*
source
I'm afraid "avoiding sketchy areas" will not be enough.
I hate it
Also it is a bad idea to open packs for anything other than that, the cards you need can be bought way easier on the secondary market (Cardmarket etc
The design is nice and the phone is bug free since i bought it on its release
explain
Regions I feel connected to are my Homeregion Tyrol and Southtyrol in Italy.
Let’s not forget the ‘morally superior’ denial of medical care to people who lack the money
Yeah well that's maybe 80 years back, nowadays nobody thinks that anymore, quite the contrary.
The Idea of a "Austrian Identity" was formed about the same time as the Idea of a german one
Austria:
[We basically invented "trump-like movements"] I'm not even talking about that one guy...)
We're talking about a recession of Great Depression proportions
Well technically correct, he did acquire German citizenship later in life
It's the same in Austria
Start pushing what Minsk II promised both parties.
The only problem is understanding the dialects, but for me every one has something special in it that standard German is lacking
I successfully passed my Matura (Austrian Abitur) in 2010
Which is so weird, because tourism is big business, and this shifted the whole thing more towards foreign skiiers, but now that is drying up and the reckoning is coming, the whole winter tourism industry is completely in the gutter, it's filthy expensive, it's already quickly 1000€+ for a single person for a week, imagine a family of four, nobody wants to work for them anymore, and they're already getting special work allowances to be able to get people from Ukraine or even further east because not even eastern EU wants to subject themselves to these working conditions
It was about the conspirators, not about the assassin (and a few other things)
Rattenberg
It's been 13 years since I graduated from school
Honestly, Vienna kinda sounds better to me
French island in the pacific, preferably without prior nuclear testing.
Like banning all Nazi symbols etc
Did you just use the American "liberal"?
Otherwise, most bigger Austrian cities don't have particularly nice names
timolia
I speak a Bavarian dialect natively, so German and Bavarian are fluent
Haha ja wirklich
Then they would be even against solar, which I don't see any indication of
*designated m e m e i n g s t r e e t s
We had a "freshing up" of that theoretical knowlege with 11 and 12 years, also in school
Austria is a democratic republic
Or you know, like, maybe the highest effective efficiency of all combustion engines, low fuel costs, high energy density, good exhaust-emission behaviour and lack of high voltage electrical ignition system are some other compelling reasons
Powidl (Czech origin, from 'povidla') = Plum jam
So Hitler really was German, thank you for confirming that
I wouldn't want to live without a driver's licence though
That makes sense
If you buy the book, you'll find an easily understandable 3-line description there
I camped and hiked on Bunes, Horseid and Kvalvika Beach
The general public knows nothing of this yet, at least in Austria.
Best fuckin Festival in the world.
I'm jealous
They are keeping a lid on the shit show just like Saddam was.
If I had to choose another place, I'd probably go to Hamburg
I don't think most fellow Europeans will care, since Austria is (fortunetaly) pretty irrelevant.
If a british pensioner in Spain gets treatment the NHS already has to pay for it.
well, at least in the past they supported us, let's see where this wild ride is going to.
I think it's noteworthy that in Austrian constitution the Slovenian language (alongside others) is protected and that this paragraph was taken over from the monarchy times
The "original" dialect is really sweet
I'm also assuming students are trained to use the Genetiv case much more than natives, because in spoken German it's kind of dying out
Looks like CGI
Interestingly summer time means I get much more sun
Unfortunately I couldn't find a free link to watch it
Da beste Kas is imma nu Oachekas
I would have loved to talk about it with my grandfather, but he passed when I was still in primary school so I could never really talk to him about it
Only for medicine, psychology or Fachhochschulen (universities of applied sciences) you have to do an entrance exam
It's got a lot to do with our topography, being separated by mountains influences speech and other parts of our culture a lot
Ask the backwards hellhole
(if you are not in an area which has snow ALL the time, then you quickly get annoyed by it)
Sounds like every south american country i have been in - especially brazil.
BIERZELT STATT SHAKESPEARE
I understand that going on holiday and actually living somewhere are two completely different things, but still
tbf which prominent politician in our country isn't
Good luck, you can do it
Clearly you don't feel THAT connected to this place after all, just somewhat enough to also be willing to influence elections
I’ve also been to Czechia, Slovakia, Hungary, Slovenia, Croatia, Greece, Italy, Vatican City and France (if Corsica counts)
I believe due to the slow nature much more time would be necessary.
Billiarde = 10^15 = 1 000 000 000 000 000
Almdudler is also very popular
Parents were not in favor of videogames back then so time on the latter was limited haha
Hey, reducing your enemies to their worst extremes while complaining about them doing the same thing to you never gets old.
I heard Schluchtenscheißer only from Germans for Austrians in General
Much of the media seemed very reluctant to run that and wreck their ongoing narrative with it and there was actual censorship of it on social media, particularly on reddit.
I once set my Steam language back to German to try it out and now play most games in German, here a table for what 'most' means:
I am not personally responsible for neither
Fluently - as in "holding complex and complicated discussion over a long time" there aren't many.
The Czechs would be a good opponent probably
The Gardens around Blarney Castle are pretty nice thou
In contrast to the Nazis, WW2 and the holocaust, I remember it being very factual and without any politicizing (not that I am necessarily against that, Nazism is rightfully condemned in our schools)
Whoever made this forgot the austrian [Bundesadler]
I heard there is 2-5 million of them in Ukraine
I've never heard of chlorine or uv desinfection failing in Austria
Anyway, I wouldn't say Austrians have a stereotypical dislike for Germany as a whole
This is just too similar to the quota system for jobs.
In this city there are 4,000 palaces, 400 places of entertainment, and untold wealth.'' even Burning the Alexandria library and taking alot of Greek knowledge from conquered territories
And almost everyone knows where germany is
Asia
By not vaccinating your kids, you not only harm them, but you also harm others
I would not bring it up, or confront you with the results, though (unless something very out of the ordinary came up)
*ahem* Dancing Stars *ahem*
Not sure if I should be triggered because of Austria, or laugh uncontrollably because of Russia.
There's even a train connection between UK and France.
I was shocked by how brainwashed people react and that I still knew all those things you are supposed to say because it was drilled into our brains at very young age
From my perspective not even that stron of an accent, but I guess for non-native speakers it could be quite hard to understand.
So, calling them national socialistic would be more accurate?
The only areas where it's slightly better is where we get a lot of tourism, but the recreational cycling infrastructure is a bit different from one that would benefit commuting
I feel like Linz is a little less "in your face" with its attractions so you have to either look for them or know someone for a really good time(or just be lucky)
International event
I'm not a big skier and normal Schnitzels aren't that good (Surschnitzel on the other hand
I'm living at the edge of a forest and the next house is 1km apart.
The people were the nicest and the weed was cheaper
The public stance on all that in austria is rather .... subdued
when in front of the three babies the austrian quickly goes to the black baby, takes it out, and snuggles with it.
That "attack" where some people outside of the embassy were loud, but didn't even enter the embassy
several times where there are two places with similar names, except one name contains Big (Groß) and one Small (Klein)
Yep, the same Flag, but with an "e".
When EU member states create a new treaty about China joining the EU, we have two clashing norms.
During the conversation he ask me which village i am from and i said the name
Wos host Du grod von mia gsog du gstunkana klana Piefk?
But generally, Levantine cuisine has some great shit
And Tunisia is not in Asia
It's a strange little microcosm, with similar historical events as the European continent condensed on to an island smaller than Germany
Honestly I love Vienna, it's a beautiful city with a lot of grumpy people
Same with [Holz - 257ers] (/were all pretty overplayed)
All I'm saying is that it's not as much of a big deal when compared to FGM
Generally pretty liberal but often we use english swear words.
And as for nature only, the alps, for obvious reasons
It's not that nice of a city I think
The French-German friendship is a factor the whole continent thrives on
) all have their political color here and the bosses of the individual branches always had to be affiliated with a certain political party (SPÖ or ÖVP)
I understand two words out of those and not one of them translates to "darn".
Well yeah, if you take away almost a quarter of the population that all have similar voting habits you certainly can skew the results, but that's kind of a nonsensical statement to make.
Shop worker is not typically a student job here
my answer to this question as well
I have noticed that people here (at least those that risk watching undubbed movies at all) generally *understand* AE a lot better than BE.
(author's abstract)
Have you ever seen a door handle
even freaking ATMs scam you
Here she is addressing the UN:
In Austria, we just call it "Tschechien" anyway, although some also call it "Tschechei", so I think it wouldn't be that bad
Or they're about to finish it, I'm not quite sure
Und Augen, Ohren, Nase, Mund
Pure chance
Interesting, we achieve that by dressing up and running around making some noise - there is a [nice] and an [ugly] version
Owa mit da Panier du Schnitzl, heit wirst klopft
Apparently there was an ammunition depot up there, that blew up because somebody mishandled something
More like "some good products for average people, and a lot of trash".
Why does that clown still get attention?
There are so many jokes that i get only now as an adult, but i still loved the comics and the movies as a child.
Definitely
Luxemburg has actually the second most in the with 24
I swear, there is no possible way to scan all product throwing items over the counter this quickly
Nah
I love my language and especially my dialect
Linz: good economy, lots of job opportunities in technical industry, boring and not beautiful
I have a dry-erase world map pinned up in my room which I mark up with my future plans (like a super-villain).
** it's really rare in some countries to eat uncooked crunchy veggies
Gavrillo Princip
It's a good song though
Mainstream liberals want "marriage equality" for same-sexual partnerships, but wouldn't think of recognising anything other than a monogamous relationship.
So we weren't just victims, but it wasn't really up to us to decide either
I feel they did a good job there; apart from that there's a few dubs that actually improve on the original, Kungfu Hustle comes to mind ("Ich will n Stracciatella"), as well as Leslie Nielsen and Bud Spencer/Terence Hill movies, where they add a few jokes that were obviously the result of ad-libbing, and even if it doesn't give you 100% of the original movie experience, those types of movies often fit the additional silliness
I live in Salzburg and Vienna (depending on where my work is).
r/okoidawappler
Lol and I thought I was making a joke.
[Pronunciation]
Make New Mexico old Mexico again!
Last time I checked, Almdudler is not a liquor
No offense to your uncle, but that's ridiculous.
I talked to a dutchman who lives in austria for years so he knows the region
We didn't have any British students in our group, but one Pakistani and one Indian guy (I'm assuming they use BE back home), and yes, they too had to submit papers in AE.
Close friends of the host are expected to definitely chip in
The Balkan always starts 20 km east of where you live ;D
Fun fact, the modern harmonica/akkordeon/squeezebox was invented in Vienna (Cyrill Demian had the first patent in 1829), and made it's glorious and incredibly rapid spread all over Europe and into the New World (including the folk music of the southern US and Argentinian tango music) from there
Isn't it rather that there's a Prime Minister at Downing Street in London where the cat lives
Damn even our Jews hated on Eastern Jews
Second this
IOW: Without wide spread pre-existing racism Hitler would have not happened
We've always had the breaks to eat and on that on day we had 10 classes we could leave the school premises until classes started again, which was after about an hour or so, can't really remember exactly.
1km) residential building in the world
I'm happy that's it's the universal language because it's really easy
There are many ways to say it here but the most direct one would be „Fertig oder nicht, ich komme
This was before Ibiza tho, guess he‘s working on laments for his political career right now
Maybe it helps to know that vienna recently renamed the street named after him on which the university of vienna is.
Not a good start for a new race-box - so, is it the next country border?
i remember our teachers saying something different, and i'm pretty sure that was after 2012.
It was rather small
You are true with Christianity, but for me they are away far from Europe (geographically and culturally)
5 years
They stay there and get everything for free until the goat shits on the floor for good luck
Merkel has been around for more than a decade.
I'd add the DC Tower to that list
Bei uns dadat ma eh nix lernan miassn
What else are you going to look at tho
If you really try to hit a target within a reasonable distance and have time to aim, you only hitting 3/10 times is the more surprising thing.
The only one coming to mind right now would be [Tshee-ka-goh] in broad Austrian dialect; though regarding States germanizations like Neu York, Pennsylvanien, Nord-Dakota used to be common half a century ago, though the only one still used is Kalifornien for California.
/r/shittyhdr
i don't remember anything at all, must've been a hell of a ride.
Muslim from a european country here, this is bullshit
You'll have nearly a day travelling between most of these destinations, if you take night trains it would probably be OK though I'd fly from Budapest to southern Italy instead.
There should be old tracks still
I'm not sure why, but it's not so far from the truth.
West/East: Eastern Austria is influenced by Balkan-countries
The legal reform would be really easy, but I understand that it would be a great deal to convince(some of) the people that it's for the best.
Lol my Husband is a Waldviertler in fact
They published well knwon games like Gothic, Spellforce and Inustry Giant
It is believed that the first beers were brewed by Mesopotamians, yet we can agree that Heineken for example is Dutch
> history is brown
I'd have thought most European immigrants came pre-WWII.
Well Aldi is a German supermarket after all
It's 18° where I'm at, and the map says 4
Ja echt extrem schade:(
Well, it's enforced only for exams at school and employees in the public sector - everybody else is free to spell however they want.
Thankfully, when I rent a hotel room or an AirBNB, I always got to take my shoes off :)
That was in 2005
:D And yeah, maybe we do wear Dirndls and Steieranzüge/Lederhosen more often than other federal states (even though I refuse to believe that Salzburg or Tyrol isn‘t up there with us), but I think they aren‘t that unusual to be seen wearing in other federal states (Vienna maybe, but I personally have seen some people just go around with it in the city
He may be a liberal capitalist exploitative businnessman and you can definitely criticize him for that
Austria here
Especially of the Green Party
Essentially to supply Bavaria with energy electricity flows out of the country and comes back via Czechia and some others.
Usually it's three numbers and two letters
I can't imagine having a small child but not one full day I can spend with it
/r/LateStageCapitalism/
Pretty good, the Dutch are probably the weakest (or at least most beatable) team from pot 1, Ukraine isn't a great team either and the potential playoff teams should be manageable as well
Anything involving university campuses, campus police, frat life or high school or university sports teams
It has its current style since 1560 and was part of a bigger castle and fortress
I'm ashamed of myself
And there was a strong connection between Jörg Haider, former Gouverneur of carinthia, and Saddam Hussein and Muammar Al gaddaffi, from Libya, with whom it is said that he was good friends
Neither was he in Germany
whoops haha
Holy shit, I loved the Mumins as a kid.
Mix in some local legends and myths and you’re all set
This reminds me when i gave this picture to my Greek friend to trigger him
Since we don't torture people around here, he wouldn't have said anything anyway.
I think it was a mixed bag for Czechoslovakia
> For most front doors I have seen this wouldn't work
If you like these kinds of things, maybe you'd also find [this Australian cultural guide] interesting, I found it surprisingly accurate
Drinking in public is only a problem if you are below 16 in Vienna, above that everything goes.
Too bad this led Riga to become one of the sex tourism capitals in Europe in the last decade :(
In Austria it is der Akt/die Akte in German it is die Akte/die Akten
Not disagreeing with you, but have you seen the rest of our politicians?
oh, I tought that's how it's supposed to taste like
) Wikipedia articles are written by people who also made books targetted at students
of course its the Viennese, who would have thought
Apart from that having old buildings around creates a great atmosphere and sense of community
I thought that name pretty much only existed in surrounding Villages of Innsbruck.
Is Upper Austria known for Crystal or was that just a joke
But some people think that it's unhealthy so this might be the reason
the Commission can mostly be the bad guys for all I care, haha
It’s really far from being German as not only the words but also a lot of grammar is completely different
And I doubt that the Green Party would find a similar candidate soon again
"I'd like to undress you and then caress you
My second thought would be a wholesome one where you just go from Heurigen to Heurigen and drink some wine with your buddies
Franz Jonas 1899, Floridsdorf, then Lower Austria, now Vienna
Slovenia|Hungary|Czechia|Slovakia: honestly, since we share so much of our history with them as one people, they seem so similar to us that i can only say, it's a bit like home (and reminds me of all things good
What I meant is that, self defense is a viable reason to get a gun (for the general population)
Also ich kenn keine größere Firma die ihre Mails über Gmail o.ä. verschickt
Latin America and Europe do not
FPÖ: "Liberal party austria" far right coservative party
she absolutely loves to fuck compared to anything I've seen in Poland.
Haha Vienna has the da/nube
When did that happen
Not German, but my grandfather had an interesting story
And most of them are very poor effort even
"Das kleine Ich-bin-ich" and a lot of other stuff by Mira Lobe.
But afaik the ACTUAL paper clip, the one that is used today (the so called Gem paper clip), was not actually invented by a norwegian [link to wikipedia]
But this kinda proofs my point:  in Austria typically only people who are into cooking cook regularly
But I guess mainly it´s about being used to it
If it wasn’t for the US, Operation Unthinkable may actually have occurred (it didn’t mostly because of US opposition to it, isn’t that funny
Too bad she had to total her car (luckily nobody seriously hurt) before
All hail robo copyright !!!1
Nikolaus and his sidekick, the evil Krampus
I personally would also write "fru" instead of "zru", but that probably depends on if you're used to a more British or American pronounciation
But the way the usual media and even school portrays Africa is basically that: A bunch of starving kids, Ebola, savages, war zones, etc
It‘s basically a whole new large-scale urban neighborhood being built on the outskirts of Vienna and is supposed to be able to function independently from the rest of the city
It‘s just a holiday
Nobody wears them daily or for work
Yes
Yes
I was utterly confused
The rest is Bavaria of course
Unpasteurized milk, yes
In Austria, you can get a lengthy discussion about food and how to prepare it properly, with a concentration on two topics: Salads and dumplings
**Unless we have an unprecedented downturn the likes of which the United States has never seen**, should return around 7
the smell of freshly baked dark bread or a glass of milk directly from the cow
My experience was pretty different from yours
The county of Tyrol is very touristic, the valley where I live, the Zillertal (Zillervalley) alone had 4,5 million nights spend in winter 2015/2016
And what a poet he is
Idk about good museums but they have the [Golden Roof] there.
My Viru Valge bottle just says "vodka", but I'll believe you...
It basically says "you have to use appropriate force" which is defined by
Ich bin ein Berwiener, oder so
It certainly was in Germany where I grew up
There's one or two spots close to party areas that I know can be filled with drunk and rowdy people at certain times at night (Stadtbahnbögen, Bermudadreieck), wouldn't want to be among them if I can avoid it but more for convenience considerations (loud, obnoxious) than for those of safety
Fiaker (horse carriage) ride in Vienna
* mode - (Mode = fashion)
Gotta say, this is pretty accurate
- you have to constantly drink wine in order to stand the boredom of living there
This phenomenon is still quite prevalent among 2nd and 3rd generation immigrant children, so prevalent actually, that many "autochthonous" people (i.e. at least several generations of German speakers), especially in urban areas, have started using it in colloquial speech as well (I catch myself doing it sometimes, it's just shorter)
it's easier to just come to an ATM and take out smaller amounts
Maybe people who are going to/went to schools with more languages can agree/disagree with this
We love using this word to throw off foreigners
A great majority uses Cash in Austria, sometimes debit card and veeery rarely credit card.
Cant wait to visit them in the summer this year
They speak three languages, that's quite something!
> comes and sits next to me smiling
Its the same with the Balkans that may or may not include Slovenia, Greece and Romania
Es lässt sich laut seiner Posthistory schließen, dass er in Vorarlberg wohnt
When I was there the first time with my school, my teacher told us not to drink it
If built smartly you can heat 3-4 rooms with one stove
Funfact: changing your name afterwards is easier and allows for more freedom
I'd say we send a convoy there to discuss the situation right now.
Had to spend 2 hours there before going to the airport
In the later phase of the campaign, they started calling VdB a nazi, a communist, a spy of the eastern block (while always claiming that Hofer had better relations to Russia) and a neoliberal.
Understanding actually
I like black american men, and we could use some good mexican food here.
Although our chancellor tries hard to become the "friendly critical alternative" to the EU criticism of the (alt-)right and Orban
Polls, people bitching about it, huge newspapers running propaganda against them...
Sounds gross, but I was crazy after that as little child
* wand (Wand = wall)
Well the Lederhosen and beer thing is true tho, we do have lederhosen and dirndl as traditional clothes, and the second highest beer consumption in the world, but the exaggeration of it annoys most people
Aso, in IBK Umgebung sagt man normalerweise amol, also wird er sichs wahrscheinlich in NÖ angeeignet haben
You should start your boycott by not log into Reddit.
> (google translate tells me this is the translation but it sounds very weird to me)
It's almost a miracle that these stupid ass terrorists are too dumb or else that would have been a massacre
I have never heared it mentioned in any sport reporting or activity anybody else does personally.
;) But tunnels are super expensive and I guess you want to arrive as fast as possible at your holiday destination so we all have to pay for the infrastructure.
Here in Austria more people have WhatsApp than Facebook.
also south tyrol
Could be much worse
Vienna (1
I did a two night stopover on my way to Australia
Actually, the Austrian right-wing party FPÖ is actively supporting the Serbian community in Vienna.
Hitler salute at our concentration camp memorial sites
You can't blame Germany for Poland in the 80s.
We have two (I think) here around Linz and I don´t think they get that much business
You know what's even more practical
We like to be thorough so we do things twice now.
people from other parts of Bavaria and Austria migrate to Munich to celebrate
In general i like it pretty much, except for the climate
Could be Lake Victoria
surely they must've had someone equally corrupt at hand who would've been a better fit
Only a fucking idiot if you're doing it in Germany
There's a theory that this is the true reason the archduke was murdered in Sarajevo
Work in country a and live in country b, as living in country b is cheaper
Alsatian obviously, duh
Doesn't really make sense to ask this for Europe, each country got their own leaders.
"-ig" is typical for carinthian slovene names, "-ek" for czech ones, and "-itsch" is for south slavic ones
I always thought it was Italian tbh, because their selection of goods seems very italocentric
too much Hollywood action movies
EU is acting like childs because ''ohh no Trump won QQ''
Team cebolla
But non-Viennese Austrians (even some Viennese Austrians) seem to believe it is, because certain people tell them so
Whiteness
Already made my own comment, but omg same
000) is an industrial and production hub in Austria
We do have problem of conservative mindsets and corruption,
He's okay
On the train back, I got to witness two members of this group two rows down from me.
"Muschi" is an old cat nickname, comparable to pussy.
And getting a weapon pointed at you like that would be enough reason to get the police involved, and the pointer getting in trouble, even when it's on their property
The real reason why Austria doesn't have street view: Our Data Protection Commission said that Google could introduce Street View, if they:
Edit: Which was to be proven
Dollars are single bills
There was a referendum and all that
I think most times it‘s just referred to as „und“ (and) or „et“ (and)
Comparing total consumption of something between countries of different sizes doesn't make a lot of sense
They basically made their own Fremdschämen
But that is just my opinion, please don't take it personal
Germans and Austrians understand each other for the most part
It’s pretty impossible to learn anything after spending 8+ hours at school
Just look for places (in old maps, e.g.
It's a little hard to explain
And I didn´t realize back then that this is NOT something that is normal
•Europe
r/lotrmemes
Good boy, bad hitler
Well done you marvelous Homo-Nazis
architecture no, skiing last time 15 years ago, haven't seen any snow this winter at all
But we do have our own language, so that the filthy Germans can't understand us.
And something being technically legal doesn't make it okay anyway
It's horrible what's happening
I also have absolutely no problems with people googling me and I can totally understand if for example a AirBNB or couch surfing host does it before accepting my request
(Not sure on the exact things it was supposed to do) Well the catholic church didn't like the tradition and tried to banish it
>i am honestly sorry that i can't wrap my head around Austrians not being a German people when for centuries the emperor of the HRE was sitting in Vienna
A city built with no cars in mind would be a 3rd world village with no need for logistics, ambulances, garbage collection and fast transport to other places
So you're countering speculation with your own guess..
You can always ski in North Tyrol :^) it's really not far away.
Very low vaccination rates for measles :(
Should be common sense, but I've seen wayyy to many tourists doing this
schaut so aus als wär die sache gebacken
The only reason Austria's roads aren't safer is because of Italians that come to Austria:^)
23°C below that and the madame gets cold feet and conversations tend to get monotopical until I readjust the setting
Who knows, maybe they regularily even try to do it now too, but it's just that nobody in the rest of Austria understands them
Then it gets crazy, especially when Andalucians are involved
It's not what OP was talking about, even if you can get good cheap food there
You mean like Corona
>\[...\]  to secure the deal recently promised by Trump and Ursula von der Leyen, the European Commission president
"Ich lehre ihm" sounds crazy formal here
no one said that there was perfect safety before.
Plus, these roads are usually kept in decent enough conditions, unlike in, for example, Ukraine.
That was some overplayed media bullshit
I'm sure he'll be world champion someday.
Also in Österreich (Wien) sind Semmeln und Weckerln ganz verschiedene Dinge.
Same logic goes for the russian way to do something
“Wenn I amoi stirb, stirb, stirb
I also remember the super surprised look on a Romanian exchange student when she asked what is being done about stray dogs in Austria and I told her that there are none
Well if you're only a number, no-one can mispronounce your name :(
Well I sometimes even think in english and then can't remember simple words in my own Language
Also, I'm really sick and tired of being told to call my congressman
I meant that it's probably a fake not made by an Austrian.
Nope, there are so many countries I'd rather go to
The problem is: their texts are so great, but non-German-speakers won't understand them
I guess our geographic position between Germany and Italy does make us kinda valuable
No, they taught us that in the 1980s ... too bad I don't have my old books anymore, I guess they would be a hoot for you guys
I like to do that with idioms
Do you mean
The explanation for the ban was "because it could be interpreted wrong"...
Really weird
As has the funeral museum [
Now what makes this fun is actually adding more than two nouns
Maybe I feel like I have to, maybe it's just fate
It's not grammatically correct in prescriptive German grammar of German or Austrian variety (not sure how it is for the Swiss).
Edit: I noticed I started the two replies in the exact same way lol
Pressure from the great powers to decolonize
You people are seriously underpaid and mistreated, for work that is *absolutely* essential, and it's a shame how you're well-being is nothing but a playball to party politics
*Man angrily points to 998m marker on a nearby rock*
Even many Habsburgs were fervent antisemites, such as Maria Theresia
Sure, let's chuck out 3,000 years of cultural achievements because pressing those buttons is so comfy yo
The popularity of PiS suggests this is indeed the will of the majority of the Polish people
And those were more than the amount of people that died in between.
Hard to find anything in in English about it, when i look for it, I only find stuff about how the British would feel about a deal like that
They are then baked and served in beef broth
I wouldn't even know how to classify Austria.
I know about South Tyrol but what about Vallée d’Aoste?
The Greeks had wanted to rejoin Greece and the Turkish had wanted to split the island into Greece and Turkey
Gee, it's almost if it's a German brand name (based on a French (?) name) and is actually pronounced differently
He has an enormous appetite for the ladies and prequently hosts sex parties with prostitutes.
(She is Hungarian but always complains about foreigner Jews in our district)
Yeah when I read the title I was like: here, here, I know that answer haha
[Keusche] for example
Yeah
We have the same thing
Especially plastic bottles are their main field
That's not to forget that currently a whole generation is growing up being primarily cared for by their grandparents
it would also teach people a bit about the inner workings of the EU, something every citizen should know about
There are also people like **Sissi/Elisabeth** whom I didn‘t include because even though she reigned Austria and is Austrian in everyones heads, even has „von Österreich“ (from Austria) in her name she was born in Bavaria
if it‘s one guy, okay
Don't know what to say I have a considerably younger sister and she speaks way more "high" German than me
Well, attacking ideas is fine, just don't make it personal.
Any Moldovans here
Nation of Bavaria and Tyrol when
Because the EU parliament is democratically elected
For real
How signature looks like a dude with a big nose lying on his back
But obviously we also have Neo-Nazi who would probably give you a different answer
I've been to copenhagen this summer and it is definitely a city that would meet your requirements.
It doesn't take much to do these kinds of attacks
nope, if i find a piece of paper and write 2 € on it..it will still be just a piece of paper.
The only other hassle that I can think of is that you might have to change currencies
There is no way all of those people would get in in time, that's why I'm asking
It's smelly, the traffic is whack and it's just not as special as it's always portrayed
But some big citys have short names too wien (vienna), graz, Linz, ...
Which again is based on the Austrian ABGB and the code napoleon.
Solar roof panels did not exist either.
Well, shit happens everywhere but the major differences between Austria and the US are
Labor (Laboratory)
It´s not even only Turkey, I think Qatar, Jordan and other countries also removed french products from their supermarkets
If the coin stopped spinning or fell off the table, the last person that had to spin it had to put his knuckles on the table and got the coin flicked at his knuckle by each person in the group
Definitely not fusion reactors, only fission ones
an austrian who doesn’t like skiing lmao i get  j u d g e d
Thank you France
People are afraid that this would/could cause our own farmers to quickly lose their jobs.
Misschien geeft het ook verschillen tussen de provincies
I was recently told that the dialectal German word for gap (Klussn) comes from Latin claudere.
You just can't lose, can you
Well feierabend is literally party evening.
I guess the biggest would be the affaire about [Kurt Waldheim denial of his Wehrmacht activities]
Oh, i know some people working there, they hate the puns with their company name (AMS is also called the unemployment Agency Here for None Austrians)
The first time it was mentioned in documents was in 1013 AD.
when did legal migration become a crime?
We have to keep and maintaining them according to our state treaty
No skin on the fish is a great loss, my condolenses
200 	g 	Breadcrumbs
And I'm very glad this country has at least some common sense left
I really missed the water quality of Vienna
that's how AirBnB was actually *meant* to work, people renting out a room in their house or, for the daring ones, their apartment while they're gone
Especially since many Austrians are rather private people and are really bad at small talk which doesn't make it easy, especially for expats here
I assume the title is about right winged populism, but you should specify that.
Think of a normal handshake
Be aware that wild camping is illegal in most countries and the fines can be quite expensive.
interestingly, over here that's a distinctly working class thing
Mostly anglo "history bros" and smug Germans
*Vindobona* is still used today sometimes, e.g. in Latin texts
He killed Hitler, how can you be mad at him
I guess some See this even as plus
Basically pay up a doctor (that was of very dubious quality) or die
It's easier to just tell yourself he did it because he had no choice
As an upper-austrian living in Vienna I can absolutely confirm the language parts of upper austria and Vienna
Interestingly, we also have Kauderwelsch in German
May I wish everyone in this sub a Happy New Year?
Yeah right we‘re one lovely giant chicken drumstick, I don‘t get the Schnitzel-sayers
The first reminds me a bit on the "Once Upon a Time..."-cartoons, an European-Japanese cooproduction.
Cars seized in Geneva included a Swedish-manufactured vehicle worth $2.8m
Well I don't know any syrians in germany, so you seem to know more.
As Austrian I am thankful we can watch German news
I drove past the city a few years ago and I had no intention to stop there
We already work really closely with Germany anyway
Also  astrology
> lately
I will admit I am not very informed about the situation
I'm against the sanctions on Russia.
Slovakia is stalking their ex
Would that do anything
It‘s a reference to the show Trailer Park Boys
Also I doubt Mozart will fall out of history just like that in the next decades
Keep it for tourists and it‘s full of weird people in beautiful buildings
The federal railway is planning to expand it's night train network further in the next couples of years and I'm very pleased with it
How do you make a Styrian bark?
There's also a huge workshop of the federal theaters there, where they produce big stage set pieces, and they have rehearsal stages there
No seriously, I get the sentiment, but whenever I hear somebody from the "I don't need to write lots with my hands anymore, we do everything through apps now" crowd, I just can't fathom what their life must look like
Sorry wasn't meant in a derogatory way at all, I just noticed the difference between the place I'm from on the countryside (paying whole rounds is a kind of one-upping one another among younger males there), and how it's never done among a student crowd in the city
&#x200B;
For the single machine in the lab that actually was allowed an internet connection (and of course strictly forbidden to code on) mandated the use of Windows XP and IE 6 with the argument that their firewall is responsible for blocking all the evil things anyhow
How does carrying the burden look like to you
The city administration also ignores major problems like over Immigration in certain areas or traffic noise
* see (See = lake)
I had waitressing classes, as well as restaurant-level cooking, bookkeeping and economics
Because they put all kinds of weird stuff in their fermented hops tea and still dare to call it beer...
I mean, you could have said: "but still in the EU internal market". It was a bit vague
Doesn't serve the people, and NN is a perfect example to demonstrate that
what does italy expect from the european countries?
A region that saw very different influences and in which very difficult nation forming happened in the 19th and 20th century
Transdanubia, the better Vienna :)
I'd take trains to about Luxembourg but probably not to Brussels (depending on connections etc
Just charge them with the crime they commit, attempted murder
Hat natürlich die Schwarzen nicht kalt gelassen und die haben sich genauso radikalisiert und mit Mussolini Stellung bezogen
I'm not into neat liquor, but it can be alright, and I know plenty of people who savour it
Strange
All but one of the World Heritage Sites in Austria are of the cultural type
They are from an Austro-Hungarian game, so you are correct in calling them that
And the first zoo that had a naturally bred panda baby born in the very same zoo
Maybe if another Austrian who does know sees this can answer you
I'd like to defend the Swiss people in regards that they don't speak standard German.
thank you for bringing up some nostalgia with it
When the people on the supply train heard the shots by both the Austrian and Ottoman forces some of the leaders of the supply carts panicked and fled without the supplies
Solidarity ain't cheap if you don't need it
A Sandler is a homeless person, not the same as a redneck
) and I had one too I think
Stephansdom has a more extensive system, but still not as big as paris's
Switzerland is already seat of all those highly corrupt organizations hosting those events
Nice inner city, but due to Corona I only go there to donate blood
I never saw pidgeon around here either tbh
History rarely is rock solid enough for that
Their aloo gobi is amazing
Rural area, east styria
Sadly some people still believe this lie up to this day
Hey, that's were you can ride Fuchur!
Poland should have received the ‘square deal’ the Western Allies promised them, but instead the US and UK bent over for Uncle Joe’s cock
i shared a flat with a girl and she never had any issues either.
The hammer represents the workers, the sickle the farmers/rural population and the crown is a mural crown (Mauerkrone), it represents the city dwellers, the bourgeoisie, the classic "Bürgertum".
Hear me out
He has giant ears, and, since he is so young, there's often jokes along the line of him still being a student
I tend to apologize to even small mistakes nobody cares about due to the fact I'm a rather insecure person who doesn't want to bother anyone
Yeah and Northern Italy isn't poorer than Germany, France or the UK
Like the buildings were there before tourism right
My gf's cousins like to half-joke that I know better Spanish than them
Spanish is a cool language
Those were machines
They already ruled one federal state and ruined it (highest debt, lowest economy growth, lots of young people leaving) and they also were part of government 15-10 years ago and courts are still not finished dealing with all their bullshit.
Because there is only one correct answer
Serenade No
In german speaking countries, we are highly aware that we were part of the baddies in WW2
Most interesting was probably bus driver: Buschauffeur in Austrian German and bussjåfør in bokmål.
But I don't care about what is better on average (over I guess multiple latitudes, which skews the results a lot)
When we still had sea access :(
Also: Madagascar is not somewhere close the poles
I at first really had to think what you even mean by that
came here for this
That's why I'm atheist
TL;DR We want to have our cake and eat it too
Sugar Hill Gang's
The ones that are the most vocal against autonomy are the people in Bucharest, who have never seen a Hungarian in flesh their whole lives, let alone visited Székely Land or know some real history apart from propaganda
Leberkäse is highly processed, so we are probably talking about the same thing.
In international waters it seems like the obvious choice, like, that's what it's there for
But it is mostly acceptable and women like it
Fun fact: there ist a district in Vienna named Wieden
Paul Joseph Watson
Well, I live in Steiermark (Austrian) and some people still refer to this region by its old name - "Untersteiermark" (Lower Styria) ;)
Same thing
He's too stubborn to quit, and he's too stubborn to get cancer
That's all not a thing here
I wanted to slap that kid right then and there
It's still used as an insult today
You don't want to see numbers from austria.
I know ROI repealed the 8th a few years back, but I thought NI was still forcing their young women to seek help elsewhere
true, if you forget everything that happened in vienna after 1600 there is not a lot to talk about.
Actually 4 ..burgs, back when it was part of the Hungarian part
So robot=slave
pro Europe doesn't mean pro EU federation
I mean he lived nearly his whole live in Vienna so pretty much an Austrian
Main difference sauce is liquid and the schnitzel soaks it up, lingonbery jam isn't completely solid but doesn't soak the schnitzel
Kärntner Kasnudeln
The cities, the places and the technology (like Bagger 288) have always fascinated me
(afaik, his house has been raided 3 times during the past year)
Beethoven
Everyone should be able to get an abortion, and if the circumstances make an abortion the sensible choice, insurance/the state should pay for it.
It depends very much on what you'd be interested to see.
octopus and squid
Actively at the moment
I wonder if that directly relates
Actually it all started with Haider, the OG Strache
They started a poll, people except Germans didn't care to participate
We are catholic; we are more patriotic; we do everything a bit slower; we are more conservative (politically & culturally),...
This might help ease the chaos too
I chuckled
who believes that homosexuality should be punished by death?
>Spanish because it can be useful in the world
Also they are really tall
To adress a waiter "Fräulein" is oldfahioned but somewhat ok, if you use it by itself, but don't combine it with the name "Fräulein Mayer".
Thank you for your praise and if you want to ping someone you have to use /u/, like /u/Ragadast335
In Italy
I definitely use Spanish in my day-to-day more often than they do
surely the brits have not lost their country to another blonde moron want to be dictator like the U.S.?
It's so disproportionately big for a small country like Austria
90% of these scams would be gone if they had euro
[Well, Mercedes-Benz sells a 6x6 G-Class]
It's coarse and it's rough and it gets everywhere
IIRC the EU already banned plastic bags starting somewhere in the 2020s.
A woman went to the local communist supermarket and asked one of the employees if there is no meat here.
now I have the opposite issue
A few days later Leibniz made good on their promise and announced a lottery for the 52000 packages of cookies
when I did a biology research project we went swimming in jungle rivers/pools and spent quite a while there, just felt like running around any temperate zone forest
Not west but south and north
Ah yes
And the reality is that an unimportant island nation of 60 million can’t make demands to the European Union
A Hungarian friend was very close with his ex-girlfriend back then and nobody considered even that weird
Potatoes, fries or actually chips
Sounds a lot like the situation in Austria, except that it's 2 hours per week and any students, not just Catholics, are entitled to lessons in their own religions
While he does in theory have that power, the president ultimately has to play the hand he is dealt, since he can't really fight the overall will of the National Council.
I used to live in a student dorm with lots of international students with a shared kitchen (shared between 15 people or so), and a disgusting microwave that no one ever cleaned and thus often became moldy inside and everybody always complained about it
I replied to somebody from Finland if the flair is right
They like Germans as much as we do.
>\[...\]  to secure the deal recently promised by Trump and Ursula von der Leyen, the European Commission president
If you wanna, you probably have to celebrate it with an american influence.
Metzger is Fleischhauer
And literally translates to "Now she won us this fart."
Or are you still in WiFi range from mainland Europe
[Punschkrapferl] is also quintessentially Austrian (or Viennese).
I wouldn't have spelled it "Labberl" like the other commentor, but "Laberl", as the "a" is long
there are lots of places you can buy cheap schnitzel
It's basically just scrambled eggs with pig's brain
You should keep in mind though, that you won't find the 'nature' that Austria is often visited for in Vienna.
Whiteness
The only way for Eastern countries to stabilise in population is to poach it from others in the region
It's more likely the stress and strain of the job that might do him in
A properly locked door will always need a key to open it
The standard of living was way better in the Middle ages, especially after the Black Death, when compared to the industrial revolution
I have deep respect for the French people and having spent time on r/France and other French subreddits recently, I wish my self-taught French wasn't too limited to show my sincere appreciation for them and their country
I'm already pretty fluent in english, german and slovenian are my native tongues, so russian (also currently studying) is relatively easy so far
Iirc it is
Get a cup of tea
- It takes years of interpersonal relationship until I have the proper intimacy with another person to call them my friend
The age of those ovens and tiles was around 2000 years
Boiled in salt water and served with grated cheese, chopped chives, and melted butter
Yes, it was approved in the first of three parliamentary readings
I'm also assuming students are trained to use the Genetiv case much more than natives, because in spoken German it's kind of dying out
"over Triest" obviously
Mozart is from austria
It's not an capital but if we exchange it it will be one
Pforzheim - fart home
On Reddit they tend to think America is a country too...
You want to distill x amount of mash, which will turn out to be ~y litres of pure alcohol
In various publications, during events and demonstrations, the traditions of the Burschenschaften and other groups are often put into a right-wing context by their opponents
I hope your "womanly instincts" have matured since then because that guy seems to be the antithesis of a good son in law
>This one isn't so much a lobby putsch
It was a horrible song, and the singer didn't even manage to stay on key
Austrians just don't like frivolous elections
On both sides are huge side walks and in the middle a tram line on which cars are also allowed.
Ofc you can shift the words also in many more ways, but that‘s about the main few
The oldest zoo in the world is [Tiergarten Schönbrunn in Vienna] The first steps of an attempt of a zoo dating back to 1452 and the name Schönbrunn first shown on documents from 1642
I see other people also posting the numbers from the first round.
for pipe threads, rims and wheels.
Couldn't get any better
Austria doesn't have a mandatory insurance system like the other countries you listed
I didnt know that pictures can hurt so badly
I think it's not that hard to understand us, but even I sometimes struggle to understand the older generations because they still use dialect words that we don't use anymore
I think most people here can ride a bike and children are allowed to participate in traffic with 12 years, 10 years if they do a kind of "driving license". I remember I did that in school, a police officer came to school, we did a theoretical multiple choice test about traffic rules and certain traffic signs that are relevant for bike and foot traffic ("give way", "STOP" etc), and had a practical test (hand signs, looking for traffic correctly, taking a left turn etc
Additionally to general German works like Goethe, Schiller, Kafka, Mann ... we read Austrian literature like Grillparzer, the comedic plays of Nestroy and post war works of Thomas Bernhard, Jelinek etc
This 2bh
Here Is a wiki page for more deatils and it has some real life replicas of ships.
It was ... awkward
Thanks to a certain japanese XBOX game I am familiar with a lot of his work.
It's the average austrian consumer that will have a tough time, just imagine a household without british goods like...
The plague, syphilis and deforestation killed them in central Europe.
>:-(
The amount of tourists that get the language wrong though is quite weird
If you read the article they are not any more and introduced fraud detection.
I guess whats meant are people clogging up the ER when they just have a cold or other minor problem that could be easily solved by the family doctor
Chers amis français, veuillez sortir et voter, même si votre premier choix pour le président n'est plus en cours d'exécution
There is a map of austria showing which parts of austria hate vienna, everything except vienna is white, which stands for hating vienna, and vienna is red, which also stands for hating vienna
“GFP – Großer Führer Punker“...
Of course it is working out
What about premenstrual syndrome leave (2 weeks).
That's what happens when you have a socialist city council ;)
And try to tell a Croatian or Serbian that Tesla was Austrian
For all those without any clue (like me) here's the groups:
It's not like the Ussr's satellite states had not tried to break away either both czechoslovakia and hungary had revolutions that were brutally put down by the soviets
You know there exist things such as black market and smuggling?
I can perfectly understand written German from Germany, even though they use some funny words now and then
There are another 3 cousines living on the same street the brother of the one neighbore is living next to the first cousin i mentioned, the son of that guy is also living directly next to him, opposite of my place lives the woman that was my babysitter when i was small, then there is a good friend living next to them
I see nothing that will change in Donbas with the current agenda the west is pushing.
either way, it's insane the degree to which war and devestation can push people
We never did that
Roughly in ascending order of importance:
What did Liechtenstein to them
A subtle difference but one a native speaker would indubitably notice
Problem is that we can't really speak about nationalities like you do before the middle of the 19th century when the concept was entrenched within the population
&#x200B;
* PS: Mostschädel - most = apple wine, schädel = head (a person who drinks too much apple wine)
Not only do they want your money, it's also a pretty easy way of making people do whatever you want them to do
-**cozy relaxed dinners with friends
Apart from Vienna being quite empty and Graz would face some serious issues
You mean born in Salzburg
As has the funeral museum [
They were also very close to Vienna already, when the Khan died
Seriously where the fuck are the brakes on this thing???
People still don't seem to understand this every time they bring up the "But way more people die in car accidents than from terrorism" line.
Even if negotiations continued, Turkey wouldn't be ready to join the EU for a while anyways.
Prounounce: "Rhabarberbarbarabarbarbarenbartbarbierbierbarrhabarberbier"
** we like what we are used to I guess, and there's this specific brand of shower gel and tooth paste that I really like and could never find anywhere else, so I normally bring it
Tüte is either an ice cream cone, or a marihuana cigarette (however the latter usually is also diminuitized as "Tüterl")
But luckily Innsbruck is lit af anyway so who needs a golden roof
Well many people in Vienna, not all of them though, are very arrogant.
Während SdAP uns CSP/VF Politiker trotz aller Differenzen im KZ zusammenstanden, hat die KPÖ allen Kontakt und allen Zusammenhalt verweigert
Yes, the eastern austrian Palatschinken apparently comes from the Hungarian 'Palacsinta' and the czech 'Palačinka'
But that statement about the UK fascinates me
>pulpo a la galiciana
Depends a lot on how it was aquired, does it not?
Also, Iberia is very empty, so wolves are less of a surprise there
I mean most 10th biggest cities (especially of smaller European countries) are rather obscure
*laughs in alpine climate*
A party with tens of covicted politicians - a lot of them because of sedition or "Wiederbetätigung" which stands for "re-engagement in national socialist activities" - alone in the last 5 years
I find myself even speaking it to myself (aloud or in my head), although i have no idea how or why that all started
I don‘t understand the sentence
why this narrative "Poles were in the Jews-killing business together with Germans" is promoted so insistently by American and German publishers and media?
Dude, why are so pessimistic
It's just what happens if you control millions of people on different fronts.
Did you mean Australia
We share quite a bit with them, but those similarities are more pronounced in the western, alpine part of Austria
Why is noone talking about how red resembles Sultanate of Rum--Seljuk territory
Let me help you out: The wikipedia entry on [Leberkäse] has all the info.
Holy shit did i ever fall for a hoax :D
Pretty sure that Verhofstadt said that Trump worries him, not necessarily that ue is an autocrat.
The only thing we're not joking about is sauce on schnitzel
Rooms under 6m^2 usually don't count at all, if you wanted to be specific (however, the cat-swinging metric is better), and rooms above 10m^2 are full rooms.
Modern day criminals like Fritzl or Priklopil are fare more present in peoples minds instead
Yeah, but the good thing is the guys proposing not mentioning slovenes in the corinthian constitution got HAMMERED for that.
That the same people who fight for "small government" and don't trust that the government can do anything right want that same state have the right to kill people
Well, even after 4 years of learning french, I'd say é and è still sound like a "variety of e" while the Umlaute are totally different vowel sounds - ä can be described as an e sound, ö and ü are something new.
Rolls right of the tongue just like Pzkpfw or Sdkfz.
This was more than shameful and so the world looked away and let Hitler continue.
both should sit in prision
Lerchenfelderstraße 55, 1070 Vienna =>   ([
Can't really think of one, to be honest :/
Isn’t the queen technically also German
Yep, that's the Austrian way of corruption
There is also Murelli, which comes in many different varieties, which is sadly not as popular as it deserves to be
No need to wait, some Americans apparently started /r/The_Hofer.
Green: Biology, Chemistry
I took a brief look at the tips for the first few courses from English-Spanish and if they were available in German-Spanish too I don't think there would be much missing
It was easy the best homecation we ever had
Why even bother with what
and I'm done
Usually a lot of Partys, not because of halloween per se, but since the next day is a christian holiday its another chance to get wasted :)
But since you can't reconstruct a Celtic/Roman city on top of a living contemporary city, they are doing it virtually
In Austria we luckily have the St.
So their opinion doesn´t count as they are barbarians
But you have to learn how to make something fly before putting explosives in it, anyway.
This right-wing candidate made a point of telling lies and becomming outraged when beeing called out
Powidl (Czech origin, from 'povidla') = Plum jam
My parents home has such high limestone values that it's off the grid of the mile washing machine support sheet
Now I'm not talking about the bastardisations in Vienna that cater to tourists and are 5 or 10 times as expensive, those (while not necessarily bad in quality) have very little to do with it all
It’s ok for learning vocabulary and how to use it
Graz is not at all ugly
Are there any official communication channels from the EU commission, that give details about what that deal will most likely include, or what has been negotiated so far
Nope, not in Austria
I loved the pubs there, my favourite was one in a small village near tralee, where we stopped to eat something and suddenly two women started to play and sing irish songs.
For a while now we've been one of the last countries in central and western Europe that allow it
Unless someone really worked hard we obviously can tell that they're non-natives
Right, that is the exact reason why previous solar plans in the Sahara were scrapped.
Idk I‘m just making a best case scenario right now while never having heard of Badisch tbh xD
not necessarily rural (which Shoplifters also isn't?), but imho there's various good "chav life" movies, [Fish Tank] being among the best ones, it's a gut-wrenching mix between Kids, Cuties, and The Florida Project
I make around 1900-2000€ and I'm studying on the side, so that's technically without a degree
Salaries range from 1,150 EUR (lowest average) to 20,200 EUR (highest average, actual maximum salary is higher)
I asked him what he meant and he said he thought that we always wear our local costume which looks like [this ]
European Union headquarters, waffles
And the guy was from Milano, which is quite close to Austria
If I want intellectually stimulating statements, I'll go read non-fiction
as long as you act a bit apologetic about it, or at least marginally self-aware that what you're asking for is probably not in the best interest for the bar owner (you trying to spend little money instead of a lot)
Do the swabians in germany not use that word anymore?
Nope it's totally weird, sorry that happened to you
I'd be totally alright with South Tyrolians being ceded back to the Evil mountain germans.
Yeah, on the countryside it might be that people have more of a problem with speaking English, but in cities or villages near cities it‘s very common to finde people below 30/35 or smth to be able to speak english very well (for one because of tourists but also because they‘re more likely to have a job in a big company that most likely requires some kind of basic english skills)
In the case of ÖBB/DB it's more that the DB is a factor that's dragging the performance down, rather than enabling the full potential
I don't see whats wrong with that.
whatever it takes to stop illegal immigration & welfare shopping
And American English is a group of dialects within the English language
The UK then deliberately left their job markets open to Poland and the other countries.
Oh come on you know what 500 years is alluding too.
What are you gonna do, suo mi
But this, combined with the fact Hitler happened to be born in Austria, gave rise to the commonly accepted, revisionist narrative that "Austria started both world wars". Ignoring that Hitler was a *pan-German* nationalist, hated Austria as its own political entity, and came to power in Germany as a German citizen, and considered himself German and was considered as such by others
have a bad day, bye
Looks like you spent a fortune with a professional design agency on it
For that there is Germanwings and Eurowings.
For a long time I thought that Balaton was just the Hungarian name for [lake Neusiedl]
but driving there solely for buying this stuff is a bit weird
I remember from an exam in constitutional EU law that the administrative apparatus of the whole EU is roughly the size of that of Munich
Next up: Germany where the two biggerst parties are led by Merkel and Schulz, a former President of the EU Parliament
Can you imagine the evil that the CSU-OVP alliance could accomplish
Wanted to post the same thing about hungarian, czech, polish names that hav been "austrianised" a long time ago
Irish mostly has its status bc it's *the* national language of all Ireland (Republic of), and I guess the Irish really insisted on it (Luxembourgish is – next to Turkish, but that's another story – the only national language that is not an official EU language)
She stayed a night there but my sister and I brought her home the following day since she would've gotten thrown out anyway
I'm from the northern hemisphere, not the southern one
u/dalton-bot
works same for many other things, mostly in the technical sector that is full of loan words
Definitely do that ;)
Both are transcontinental
Though I'm not sure what the intention is
I feel like Austrian dislike of Germans can often be explained by classic neighbour rivalry, that is we are more similar than we feel comfortable with
I wouldn't put too much emphasis that Innsbruck seems safe because it's small.
We're in the transition phase of adapting to a self inflicted rapid change of our environment
I especially love the American post ww1 maps where croatia-slovenia is labelled Bosnia or Czechia stretches to the alps
My grandfathers both were born during WW2 so they weren't old enough to serve
We are living in a post-truth society, facts mean nothing only feels.
adding salt here
The Austro-Hungarian Empire
> and neither are Austrians
Crows are smart, but also cunts.
Because that  thing ripped the Ukraine apart
> The stereotype I hate is foreigners thinking we’re all rich
^^*voted ^^unanimously ^^against ^^except ^^one ^^representative, ^^who ^^abstained
Don't forget Frucade
your dirty hands off my beautiful blue hemicycle
Where are the Italians
Czech flag becaus they brake out of the "3 parallel stripes" monotony.
Ifs basixally a stick and carrot approach and works amazingly well
Uncommon in Austria
And as a consequence of that, the vote of someone from Wyoming counts about 4 times as much as the vote of a Texan.
An identity can emerge anew at any time
I hate that it's in winter and I that it's in Qatar
Anything but German accent I guess
Austrian German has hungarian and slavic influences that regular German does not
Are you going to acknowledge that
I would say Biontech/Pfizer for Austria while Biontech is mostly put in the first place
>If you forget your keys inside you're fucked
"Hi", "Hallo", "Morgen", "Mahlzeit/Moizeit", "Sers/Servus/Zeas", "Griaßeich/Griaßdi", "d'Ehre", ...
there's so many good things about each and every place, it's important we're reminded of those every now and again
Today part where there were khazars is ukraine mostly and we all know people there are blonde.
Don't talk to me or my Umlaute ever again!
Germans are morally superior to Americans
Vienna has one large and many small Christmas markets.
Easy to hate him for a lot of things, but i liked him in "Knocking on heaven's door" (though that movie hugely benefitted from Jan Josef Liefers) and also "Der bewegte Mann".
That's not really a dumb thing tough
In a recent episode of Rick & Morty, there is a quick line in the original english version that is in german
I live in the biggest Bezirk on 1100 Höhenmeter, but we don't even have much snow here
90% of these scams would be gone if they had euro
And the elections were just as corrupt as today.
No houses are available in that price range though
Socks are only for shoes and house shoes only for when it's really cold
Common, even though a lot of it is slowly being eroded by standard German words
Uhm, isn't that the whole point of writing in cursive
Those kids never turned into own country skiing tourists
Well, a viral marketing group tried to stage someone stealing the top of the Zugspitze a few years back:
We had already 2 month of school before summer holidays, was not really a problem
Afrikaans on the other hand seems way harder than Dutch
I'm only aware of Russia having a different one than everyone else
How did they found cities in Scotland
normal people
There were multiple different ocassions, but i remembered about this one
Hitler is entirely Germany‘s fault
Business as usual ?
American-football, Fistball, indoor athletics, volleyball, baseball, triathlon, enduro, gymnastics, rallye, Kanu, basketball, ...
Can you tell us a little more about your current situation with your flat?
Before Sunrise was pretty accurate for Vienna I think
Tell that to the ~~Greek~~ French Marathon Runners, or to the Japanese Sumo Wrestlers
Tuts aber net
Hm this seems familiar somehow, I don't really know why though
Otherwise been very fortunate and msot of my ADSL2 services would be around 15mbit
This combination is weirdly fiting very well together
We are usually very protective about our privacy
as a Slovak who works in Austria who likes to travel, euro makes my life significantly easier :) have you ever been in Prague
1984 was a warning not a guidebook
A nordic state for sure
No shops, not even groceries are open on Sundays
Now at /r/france: French redditors pretending to be American alt right centipedes pretending to be French redditors voting for Le Pen
Are you expecting a list of names, or what
We had one prominent billboard on our german border which said "Grüss Göttin" which translates to Greet Goddess, which is a comon greeting form in german but with God instead of Goddess normally
Wenn Fliegen hinter Fliegen fliegen, fliegen Fliegen Fliegen nach
Street sweeper
"Steiermark", comes from the city of Styer and it being a "Mark" (march
Goose is mostly something for special occasions, for example [St Martin's Day] Duck is somewhat similar - unless you include Asian cuisine, then it's quite common since nearly every Chinese or Asian fusion restaurant and takeaway will offer some variety of crispy duck
But yeah, Bruckfleisch definitely isn't for everyone
[I really like how they use these superblocks] to remove cars from the city.
Take a day trip to another country
First of, I really hope the EU bureaucrats will accept the democratic vote of the public and not try to back out of it.
In Europe, at least my country, it's removing the influence of religion and church from everyday matter
After those grades we stopped using notebook covers altogether I think
I look into the distance and then I tank new power
A good portion of them are nature-related.
The image shown in the topic is not adjusted for taxes, which means it's precisely not what people see on their paycheck if I understand it correctly.
Using the non - contracted original words looks/sounds odd and would only be done when communicating with a beginner-level learner of German
Not exactly like the Simpsons, more like Rosanne and Married with Children and also older productions
Like how often their stories take place in churches (like in /r/TIFU : TIFU by shitting myself at church or TIFU by asking out  this cute girl at my church) and aparently it's totally normal in the US to regularly go to church even if you're otherwise normal
> origen
Its funny how countries who are benefiting so much from their EU membership hate on the union so much
And yes I am a huge Dart fan
So yes - some German should be required
Und dass der Anschluss nunmal keineswegs eine feindliche Übernahme war, sondern für die meisten Österreicher ein Freudenereignis
“Wenn I amoi stirb, stirb, stirb
Pretty sure the Germans are thrilled to have you on their side in matters of cuisine.
This led to some pretty strong anti-american sentiments for some people
Cubic decimeter of granite or something
It also says nothing about the Malayam-language version (Dravidian language from southern India), I suppose it has to be either English or Hindi
Which was to be expected after Maidan
Cancelled
It's been 13 years since I graduated from school
It has the stated goal of making all latin-alphabet based national languages fully typeable in one layout, hence it's also called Europatastatur (even though you can write languages like Vietnamese or Hawaiian with it as well)
If you want to be an outdoor cat, then go out of the door and leave for god's sake
I would say my street is really really close
) Shortly after the Allied landing, he deserted and was taken in by a French family
Is that why they oppose the 12 hour day
Hofer, directly after Brexit, suggested we also have a referendum (claiming of course, he never said he wanted to vote for leave).
This January, we only had below freezing during daylight hours for maybe 4 or 5 days
I'm blessed :D
Older generations won't talk about it
Thank you
I personally consider somebody poor who lives in tiny flat, can't go on holiday and struggles affording small things like a cinema-visit, comfortable shoes, barber, etc
Yeah that's why Rock Papier scissors Spock lizard works, but it gets complicated
What does bother me though is people saying English is such an easy language
Tourism numbers suggest otherwise
It is a bit of an odd holiday as many Austrians get  the occasion wrong that is comemorated
This is the real unpopular opinion here
The revolutionaries had Vienna
such a beautiful place filled with interesting young people (and bikes!
That's just not done, unless you have only ever eaten in bad tourist traps catering to Germans
I even know 3 people who shifted their whole schedule this winter (working from home made it possible) and stayed on summer time since last march
I know of Rex only cause of the TV Show, neither of the people I know have dogs named theirs Rex though.
I get that from your country's point of view.
* Ski resorts
Yeah, I guess it's a bit difficult to do an austrian Christmas as a strict atheist.
The exact etymology isnt known, as far as I can tell
Can't pronounce anything besides kchchchchch
During the battle he almost died due to a grenade (there is still a splinter of it in his body) and later on he obviously was a POW in the Soviet Union
Blatnig, Sablatnig, Wlatting, Glantschnitg, Glawischnig, Goritschnig, Hribernig, Kopeinig, Lutschounig, Poganitsch, Pototschnigg, Petutschnigg, Verschnig, Wernig etc
Who is the new one now
Yeah, we never were in a KZ
According to documents Ostarrichi was first mentioned int 996
I always wondered why they don't just walk to the next town
> We actually love garlic
(I don't think there is an equivalent in Standard German)
It also depends on the size of the school.
You should really exercise more
The treaty of Versailles made them solely responsible for the war.
With every one of the 'gents lifting their hats I imagine them saying a hearty "G'day, sir
Shame that he lived that long and had a second life working for the Syrians.
I'm not Conservative by a long shot, but I can respect Merkel
No it doesn't. It indicates that people sleeping one hour less for a day puts the body under stress
Like going to the ticket counter saying 'Guten Tag
We all laughed
A salt mine and a lead/zinc mine
But you're still right, it is far apart, but more in the sense that the heaviest dialects can be found in "remote" places
¡Madavióso
Too late, Wilhelm and I are getting the old gang back together
The problem comes when she wants to take someone elses life.
More people have no idea who Assad is though, that factors in.
I wrote [here a longer comment]
That huge crack in the shaft looks painfull af
I would accept Anschluss if that means I can vote for Die Partei
I've found that portuguese people often have these dark areas around their eyes, making them look a bit tired/older than they actually are
But still some people seem to be tought that this is the appropriate word to use
Hot: 30C+
Absolutely despicable in my eyes.
Eisenburg (Vas)
Oh, I was attacked once on Landstraße, and once on the Hauptplatz
kids nowadays have it better, recently saw that they have a "project week" where they'll learn about that stuff from various angles for a week, with lots of room to talk among each other with teachers, ask questions and also talk privately, divided by gender and all together; I found that was really really awesome
) A slightly higher dose would kill a human almost immediately
I don't hang with crowds like that
" which doesn´t translate to "sowieso" at all
That looks like a mouth to me (with a really derpy expression), with the gaping *real* mouth being the neck
They're so underrated
Apparently this happens because they don't have those features (well at least articles, they must have some form prepositions I suppose, but IDK) in their languages, so they have a harder time getting a feeling for the appropriate use
> Are there occasional controls / roadblocks
I have one example that beats that
May I ask which region in Tyrol that is
We don't care about Germany at all but we accept the fact that we have to deal/bother with the Germans coming to us.
Question to the dutch: How much is that also a domestic-policy move?
are they really as infamous as they are portrayed to be?
As soon as he did work though, he had his own insurance with the WGKK (Wiener/Viennese), which ment that, to go to the Wahlarzt he would have to pay extra money, since she doesn't have a contract with the GKK.
Lots of people move to the cities
Since Adolf would be to obvious, I'd nominate *another* fascist dictator of Austria, [Engelbert Dollfuß]
We had some
It has to be some sort of "fucking" in there
Not because of the EU, but because of that fucking song ...
> people in the UK are very uncomfortable with any further union
>Also, I love the rocky beaches
And The books of Marx and Engels are often called "Blaue Bände" (blue volumes) since the most common compilation was published in blue covers
Same for police, guards, etc
Politisch umzankt ist es im Sinne von, wie man die Zeit bewertet
The other side wasn't much better either tho, right?
Both groups think of themselves as the moral high-ground
Just like Hungarians probably have heard of Eisenstadt but our other neighbours haven't
> It was response to paneuropean law banning extended ammunition clips and other stuff, that has no reason to be owned by civilians
I could be wrong but aren't Strigoi kind of like vampires
I hope vdB makes it but I think Hofer will make it.
That's true, I'm extremly happy about that we have such high standards, I dont hate Austria by any way, I love it but I'm not happy how things are at the moment, I can't really change it sadly but tbh I always wanted to leave Austria and explore new countries .
It also uses accurate Viennese language:
Link
Ice hockey, sometimes I find some time to visit a game of the local teams
So where's the big giveaway
&#x200B;
He was also of noble blood whereas Roosevelt and Stalin were of common peasant background (yes, the Roosevelt family was rich, but they still had not a drop of blue blood in their bodies
It's in the South East right next to France
Yes, same here
Waitz | Grüne | 811 | contra
de (JnRs and straight PvP mainly), uwmc
However one of them, the "Gendarmerie" Doubled as militia during the occupation time after WW2 until we were allowed again to found a "prober" Military, that showed also im the Name of the Ranks and the hirachy which was more Military like
The 53.6% actually are the third-best result any presidential candidate in Austria ever had if we ignore elections where the candidate was reelected.
extremely based germans, as usual
Two of my great-grandparents served in the war
It's super good
I looked through the comments and we use almost every single word down there too
It makes everything easier and faster
What
In a written test, it would depend on the teacher whether he'd count is as an error or just let it go.
Like bavaria
Japan, Indonesia and Iran
the noise level of those little runts can get tiresome in italian restaurants.
They change opinions every week have no plan and spout nothing but feel good slogans and half truths.
That's why I found my new home there
They are more or less just holes in the ground, some barely fit a grown up human, others are many meters long but almost none of them allow to stand upright
Or how do you think those people responsible for decision making are in their respective position?
Kommt von "Leib"
Leading the board with little over 20% is the real tragedy
He lived in Turkey in the 4th century
Every couple weeks there are also some events on the street like street food festivals or something like that where food stalls stand on the border between side walks and street.
I get shit from other German speakers because of my dialect and from my international friends for my accent when speaking English
Das Joghurt, Piefke
Phone: Default background
Should be a naval cannon operated by monkeys
I just looked this up for myself and thought others may be interested as well.
^(I mean the colors on the left stripe  of course
Often Islam is cited as the main difference.
I try to avoid them since I'm not a fucking billboard and don't see why I should even pay more to be one
Martin song I don't know the title (St.
Really appreciated the relatively consistent measures that Sweden had, spent the first half of the pandemic (so far) there
I‘m from Styria if that helps, but usually when I went around about anybody who works for stuff (????) that have Spritzer/Mischungen they‘re usually familiar with both names
Brexit was imho the bigger factor
Here in Upper Austria a lot of hunters drive around in Ladas
Oh good I was hating all this fun/light hearted content and missing the usual anti/pro refugee/migrant news stories.
All of them more or less meaning "Mr
Maybe Lincoln I guess (but he was pretty rich by the time he became president)
Here in the alps sunrise is at around 8am and sunset is at around 5pm
Am potato
Welp, guess my citizenship has just been revoked
Ahh, the sweet scent of capitalism
Mevlüt Çavuşoğlu already proclaimed Austria "racism capital of the world" earlier this year.
Vorarlberg once wanted to join Switzerland but Switzerland doesn't want them
There are many universities that teach any kind of engineering too, as far as I know
Was thinking of [this] - Germans often say "Tempo" instead of "Taschentuch"because it's the most common brand.
> the balls on a Jesus relief
... he is GERMAN
Fleischlabberl Masterrace
Germans act very German
Where-from come You
Won't be enough to lower the unemployment rate, not since they had the genius idea to open the job market for thousands of refugees.
I guess when things are that close it's just normal and not specifically travel-worthy
We had a huge head start with hydro and don't produce enough of wind and PV energy
civil war lasted only for 3 days so it was really just the last resistance
Austrian TV hasn't had to a acquire anything new in 15 years
The UK is the guy who, in a horror movie, leaves the group, because he has a better plan...
There's an awful lot of traffic for that early in the morning
And how fucking ridiculous is stocking up on toilet paper
cz because I wanted to be less dependent on google
I think it is more an 'Iron Curtain' thing, [if you look at this map] If I talk about eastern Europe I mean countries that were 'on the other side' of the curtain.
It is
I don't think our system in Austria is bad, but far less democratic
He was only born in Austria
I bet you can find those things also in the US in more rural areas with a tradition of cattle herding, like somewhere in the Midwest or Texas
Japan, Indonesia and Iran
>cortisol metabolism has been shown to adapt by only 2 minutes instead of 60 minutes
Passport, Birth certificate, certificate of citizenship etc
But that's true for any language
you never heard about the netherlands didn't you
* [Here's another one even out in the snow]
He can't in reality completely reject a new cabinet.
Nope, you need to go to Austria for that!
They are still fighting corruption and there's no sign of a peaceful reintegration of Donbas
and it would be *much* worse with people
Let me introduce to the accepting world of *[Burschenschaften
But don’t worry, her native Romanian was as bad as her English
Sigur Rós - Sæglópur - Icelandic (at least I think this one is because it somewhat translates; some are in gibberish!)
Same during the day, there's a few spots (Bim-Station Westbahnhof, Praterstern, Gumpendorfer Straße) where drunks/crazy guys hang out and it's dirty, but it doesn't feel unsafe, just annoying
Major of vienna just confirmed one dead civilist
I have been to quite shabby places in lots of those cities, and have been served with exquisite menus, with a presentation of a 4-star cook
I bet your boss/management says they can't afford to hire someone so you don't have to work 60+ hours as it is
British cuisine isn't "shit", it's just very unremarkable
With a little refresh, those could've been on par with Liechtenstein
It left me a little Disturbed but in a positive way
Sam here, also the classic "Cheeeeese"
But I'm happy that none of those are in Europe
Turns out we even was from my region
and the EU is/was trying to do it every now and then so thats actually a good thing.
Also 55% of our 15 year olds are in an apprenticeship.
Even family members distrusted each other sometimes.
In international waters it seems like the obvious choice, like, that's what it's there for
I just think that her support is not 25% but rather 30%-40% in first round.
Uk continues to fuck itself
In German, a box is a (portable) speaker
There is a joke in Austria about that, that nobody here will find funny, but anyway
Wecken is like a loaf of white bread in Austria.
There are some churches here and they stated they have approx.
All things that should be completely optional after elementary school
That idea I *do* like
(Verb is first place so it‘s a question
Ibiza, HC Strache
Und i glaub mid dea auso is scho gloa wo i heakum
yeah i'll have the big spicy one with extra cheese
000): A nice looking city
Don‘t exclude Austria man
My Dad opposed pretty much all other comics and considered them to be worthless literature, but he also love Asterix and we had all books
His reply "Nun, wenn ich so ein Vollidiot bin" showed me that he did take that too literally, while here it wouldn´t be considered that awful but more as a figure of speech
What exactly is your map supposed to tell me?
Heil describes a state of absolute completeness, health, happiness, well-being and redemption/salvation
It was a terrible decision, and part of the US' attempt to remove all leaders that "caused trouble" internationally (=refuse to ally with US), i.e.
However, they are super proud of being Austrians and of their food and nature and traditions, which for me as a Spaniard is a bit confusing because I am not used to that sense of belonging
In Innsbruck we have huge pure water reserves from the Alps.
It's very prominently Austrian
Its a comic, but its pretty much true
zahlen wen dafür)
küssen = bussln
Ok, dann weiß ich jetzt konkret auch nicht weiter - kenne Leute, die Ferialpraktika in Frankreich gemacht haben, war aber sehr schlecht bezahlt - mussten sie aber annehmen, weil sie für ihre Schule Auslandspraktika machen mussten.
You would get the most "accurate" returns with monte carlo simulations of past returns and different scenarios (12x400, 6x800, 3x1600, 2x2400 and 1x4800).
It can also refer to a gullible foreigner
"\[...\]  to secure the deal recently promised by Trump and Ursula von der Leyen, the European Commission president
The whole point of having a publicly financed media outlet however is to prevent it from being too dependant on benefactors giving them money, so they won't have to be swayed by the benefactors opinions.
" to secure the deal recently promised by Trump and Ursula von der Leyen, the European Commission president
[Heidi] is also an very popular example of the 70ies coproduction, Miyazaki also worked on this series
But the mining was mostly in the north of Austria, Salzburg
He says "If there's a life after death, then where the hell is everybody
There are quotas in medical studies, but that's it as far as I know.
There was one small extreme far right party (National Democrat Party
Because they are burning fuel way more efficiently than gasoline engines?
>	another major difference - SPACE
I just find it disgusting that so many young people, who know how vile it is, still do it.
So technicallly only half of Croatia is in it
More like people from the "flat land" in general
Agreed that we should have made marriage legal instead of "Eingetragene Partnerschaft" - however marriage should not be treated as the litmus test for equality - at least equally as important is the right to adopt, outlawing inequal treatment by employers etc - which we both have for example in Austria
I still don't like the City
But american ministers would not get told that they are not welcome.
I love cars but I'm still not sad, it's going to be fine I'm sure
Especially in war
We even had a few classes on wine tasting, liquor tasting, and bartending
I agree it's shitty that there is not real choice and I did not defend that.
The most time has sunken in Anno 1602 I guess
I wish, that'd also free up police and justice ressources for real crimes.
So they added saint nicholas to it and made it somewhat christian
Deschek (Hungarian origin, from 'tessék' = please) = uhm
I mean what else is he gonna do
BTW drywall isnt something you will find all that often in most of Europe
Anyway, I wouldn't say Austrians have a stereotypical dislike for Germany as a whole
Quite a nice markup
At least thats how it is in Austria
Same for other dark beers
I LOVE milk, i dink it literwise whenever I‘m home, god do I love milk
Unteres Belvedere
I have read about this monument in school but somehow, never saw it
But this is a case of massive cultural destruction
It's a clip from a German satirical show that shows how the insurance lobby persuaded German politics that private insurance is "much more efficient" than one single governmental insurance: [Die Anstalt - Versicherungslobby vs
Yeah I have already heard that from a few Greek friends
Uhm
I don't think that we have such a limit.
Vienna wanted to switch the administration to Linux, even developed there own distro [Wienux] for this purpose
I‘d make them baroque and habsburgian kind of style, for obvious reasons
Places are usually open til 2 am on weekdays and around 4am on weekends.
I don't know whether this is still relevant nowadays
No one ever suggested that those people should be vaccinated
She was/is still incorrect
and a lot don't, at least here in europe.
I am wearing snakebites since 16 and i always showed it on mine
Your local company can dodge taxes like any other EU company can.
That would a very good idea be
even in old cities there's newly built up areas and new buildings, but if you buy or rent an apartment in one of the old buildings (typically from the 1800s), you normally know what you're getting: possibly hard to heat and shoddy plumbing/heating system/windows installed, unless it's been completely renovated
- the only slightly cool thing they have is a huge and extremely shallow lake that is really more like a puddle of dirt + lots of storks
Am Arsch, im Arsch oda ins Oarschloch eini
Europe is going to be surrounded by authoritarian regimes on all sides.
Instead, they wear their wedding rings on their left hands and at the wedding ceremony they move it from the left hand to the right hand.
I guess our geographic position between Germany and Italy does make us kinda valuable
Vote out everyone who voted in favour of these articles or other detrimental laws and directives, censorship etc
>But then again that’s what many German must think about Austrian dialects as well
No we Are not on the shortlist yet
- the modern zoetrope
My other grandpa was conscripted just months before the end of WWII and could go practically go home right after being called in
bridges and doors are both connecting, which is a nice theme
some think they've mastered it, but they're not fooling anybody
I voted 4 times, because postal vote
Some of the bigger ones along the autobahns sell a pretty large selection of items which can be handy.
I need freedom, I go on trips
I do understand your concerns and it makes sense to try to apply the lessons learned from the 1930s, but personally, I don't think we're headed for anything like Nazi-Germany.
my in-laws were farmer, but they stoped after the father-in-law died.
Like, Sundays have always been closed here in Austria and that's why it never became attractive for students, or if there's a different reason
My grandma's story was that they were hungry and asked American soldiers for food but they only gave them chewing gum
Is a bikini two kinis or every second kini
I sometimes wonder what these people understand under an functional economy ...
It's supposed to become pretty hot soon, I like it
It doesn't resemble a flag, but a whole nation
Very
I learned most of my Spanish expressions from my girlfriend, so that's what inadvertently had to happen
Bundesstaat Österreich
I know all of them if someone talks about them, but can recite maybe 25 from memory, maybe 40 if I really think about it for a while
> the damn pols and russians
Germans are morally superior to Americans
besides {adv}
She was/is still incorrect
Knowing Musk he probably only said it for the sake of shitting on Brexit
But let me tell you this: Things can always turn out differently than expected (for better of for worse)
-Ing
Luvia	IT
Yeah, sorry, that's what I meant
Wait, it's *on* the lake instead of *in* the lake
Where are you from again
It is still bigger than Merkur.
It used to be [way uglier] with big red signs and whatnot
ban social credit scores
No one outside of Austria is regarding us as the first victim
I found myself sitting in the garden of my favourite neighbourhood restaurant with a glass of tap water, a spritzer and a schnitzel ... within an hour and a half of touching Austrian soil after four months abroad
As being from a region where you say Omlett, I can definitely tell you that that's our word for pancake.
Except if making a baby counts, because then yes, you can make people
Again, it doesn't. It just indicates that sleeping an hour longer reduces the risk of an heart attack for a day
I hope yoh can see the difference (I start to doubt it though)
Leberkassemmel mit Gurkerl
The Netherlands becaise they know that they'd swim in the future
Pretty sure Lombardy is 1 of the strongest Italian states behind SudTirol?
Püppchen = Pupperl
The answer to both questions is obvious
Joke is on them, i live in a landlocked country
- I watch ski jumping on TV, when it's on
And the live-ticker the newspaper Der Standard: [
So you mean silence
It's in the South East right next to France
This is SO wrong
In other areas there is even different forms like Quarter over ten (Viertel über zehn)
I personally find it funny that the last coalition entailed two parties which both created fascist states in Austria independantly from each other
There were around 30
Hope that cunt fell in the Danube
Someone from 1919 I think would be pretty amazed about how our country not only survived but prospered
It's basically a moderator job.
Now if you tell me the people in London on average come closest to speaking 'BBC English' then it's pretty much the same
Yeah, the Germans and Austrians said about everything we have around here except one I haven‘t seen: [Mezzo Mix] It‘s known as Spezi, except that Spezi is more of a name that is used for all brands (e.g. Cola) whereas Mezzo Mix is more of a specific brand (e.g. for Cola - Coca Cola or Pepsi
part of italian history yes whereas it being  italian is debateable same the HRE being a part of austrian‘s history but not being austrian
Wars of national independence you mean.
The islands, the seemingly arid climate, the flora...
Happens all over Europe these days
I‘m from Styria, but I haven‘t ever seen or heard of Murrelli
I love the Italian love for kids
It is definitely of british origin (suck it america)!
11 days is not exactly allowing for too much.
you are absolutely right !
I thought Carroux and Freymann did a fantastic job, especially with the translation of all the names and the songs and poems
Well, it is not something I ever experienced abroad, at least not to the same degree
(A standard Austrian chancellor appears in MI, but he could have been from anywhere
Which is completely different from actual transgender people.
Also it's soooo slow
No, not here
He officially ran as independent
So the world stopped formerly declaring wars in recent times and in the US only formal war has to be sanctioned by the us
Austria is kinda too
And if you are trying to make a point about the Netherlands being better for bicycles, you are right, but again, you can get by fine with a bicycle in a lot of Austrian cities, and in fact, most uni students do
A nice appartment with about 80m2 if you're lucky
I'd say it's either [Schloss Belvedere] [Schloss Schoenbrunn] both the [museums for Nature and Art] or the [Burgtheater]
Basically the Austrian part of Kakanien plus Bavaria.
Other than that, as many people commented already, asians risking their life for photos
The European law banned normal sized magazines
Bird of prey show in Landskron
probably every single scene from the very good documentary series "Der Pennymarkt auf der Reeperbahn"?
Replace bombs with guns, and you know how many European feels about guns
Of course it's part of our cultural heritage the same as stuff of the Roman Empire is part of Italy's cultural heritage.
No chatting with the Princesses
Yeah,german party Songs in the early 2010s sure were
And more than 50 % of new registerd cars in Norway have a >1 kwh battery.
"fair enough" can have that passive-aggressive undertone as well
Btw, an good european post-apocalyptic movie is "Time of the Wolf"
How about that app of yours which helps you prevent sleeping with one of your relatives :D
We are very good with that but it is a super hard field and , at my university, only about 20 people a year finish the BSc, most go on for a MSc and the Phd
In exchange he has to promise the child to the witch (I mean, of course)
Servas
*Soviet realism intensifies*
I realize now that my first statement may be a bit narrow minded in itself
Pero especialmente del rabo de toro
Linz is really ugly
Everything that has to do with their children, mostly.
nothing tops a good made "Schweinsbraten" with dumplings and Sauerkraut.
You can buy bitcoin at numerous participating tobacco stores.
It means that if you must not source local only but run contracts EU wide.
Oh my, how can you, this is
I imagine their blueprints looking like their instructions
Belvedere 21
Also never heard of someone passing out while showering
The question was what the EU can do.
My girlfriend is in corporate banking.
We made Hitler German and Beethoven Austrian
Same for leaving – I can't tell you how often I had to fight the impulse to feel offended when I stayed in Japan, and people honestly started packing up and leaving at the indicated time
, but those area minority, a loud one though
You said it yourself 200 years ago
you are making the same generalizing mistake as them.
+ about half of Switzerland
It needs European Buildings like Colosseum or something
What's the Google thing called where they try to have calls sound as human as possible
That is true indeed
[Hudriwudri
Liechtenstein is ja ned in Österreich
I'm just not gonna count Kebab stores cause they're no supermarkets.
In theory, everything
You would go to North Korea rather than staying in Turkey?
The Allies were just as spineless and corrupt as the Nazis were
>So if you walk out of the house without your key, you’re automatically locked out
rarely people use them all, I don't even have them in my passport (they are on my birth certificate though)
Hadn't I been interested in the topic in school beforehand I would not have known anything but the most basic stuff
The US enter the 3rd year of its civil war and Russia is on a fast track regarding their Eurasian Union membership.
After that they already planned the second survey and decided prioritize in that one Tyrol and just scrap the old stuff.
könnte kotzen
perfect time to get "sich ausgehen" (eine Ressource, die für ein Vorhaben ausreicht, sowohl zeitlich als auch räumlich etc) under your belt
No Wonder Finland, Norway, Estonia and Greece have it
Well, I guess that's somewhat up to how you personally define it, but socialism has a fixed definition with not that much wiggle room
It was mostly stuff from the 16th to 18th century, but while we were working there we also found some pottery shards in the deeper layers that were around 2000 years old, which was a minor archeological surprise
From prostitute to elderly care to farmwork
Form a grand alliance against China with Europe and several east asian countries + India
Kletzenbirn, baby
Don't get too high on your own farts
And don't get me even started on the hairstyles
He's just as is a disgrace for our country
On weekdays it's usually quiet, but on weekends it's packed with people aged
every single muslim I've met, and I've met about 50 or more, despises ISIS and other radical muslims
Has anyone ever estimated what the secondary/indirect cost of this failed immigration policy is?
> especially in areas with blind corners or hills
Big fan of rosmary or basil in my gin, myself
Makes sense to make it a major shopping day.
But isnt that a bad excuse
Like, not even the British accent sounds weird to me, but that‘s probably because I‘m so used to hearing/speaking American English
I want to thank the Brits that showed the people in Austria that going full populism rarely works out the way you imagined it.
Its totally fine, we once had more snow almost 20 years ago, and i loved digging tunnels as a kid
Do people like you go to bed/get up at the same time every day
Well theres also the issue of severly underpaid civil service labor keeping services afloat
I would rather ask learners on /r/languagelearning.
I'll try as an outsider:
haven't heard it used in real life, though
Wels has a far-right major and problems with ethnic communities
> I know very little women who are able to cook advanced meals (cooking  noodles and throwing in a can of tuna or making an omelette is not  cooking in my book)
subdued, it can probably happen that you'll be scoffed at, for having the gall to ask while acting all proud of it at the same time as well
(Some people, that is
Because the cost/productiveness relation is still in our favour.
I don't think they're illegal in any country here
The new German citizens in the lands of former Austria were supposed to answer [this double-question about the "Anschluss" and about Hitler as the leader] (observe the size of the two circles tho)
No they are not
Translating is Mega Hard you know
Ariane 6 is right around the corner and some items for launchers have lead times measured in years.
The feelings about it were very mixed
My grandma use to talk about them as kids hiding from the Soviets in the woods after the war because they would drive around the countryside/villages and while „inspecting“ houses rape girls if they were in the mood
Have you ever met a Czech person
But having an unusual hair colour/hair cut/any voluntary body modification usually isn't done to best dissolve into crowds, but to stick out, isn't it?
>What you see slowing down is the second derivative, i.e. the rate of increase of the rate of increase (for example, day-over-day: +500, +510, + 509, +508 etc
are that the goddamn alps
If you fail to get into a Gymnasium after elementary school your life will change dramatically not only because you are in a objectively worst school but also bc your friend circle will be a lot different
Stfiu
Guess no one here can take a joke
I can't imagine having a small child but not one full day I can spend with it
I‘m sure most mothers could be this „tough“ if they had to
Fleischlawele -> Fleischlaibchen
At the end of the day they have no factual power (empire), only soft power.
Give them to Switzerland, we have enough Alpine weirdos already
Except if they reinforce the rock with some extra material to guard it from the sea
Thanks for the input, fellow schnitzel
On the one hand, it can mean that there is (not) enough time, but it can also mean there is (not) enough space, or something doesn’t fit
Its our standard German and grammatically correct
As a whole complex, the business university WU Wien
I‘m Styrian
I would like to say hc strache but then he might go to germany and history showed that that would be a mistake
Our squad is pretty strong, but Foda is just an idiot
However, the most jaw-dropping area has to be the Seestadt Aspern
In 1946 he was hung by the Soviets for anti-soviet behaviour because he joined the polished partisans and fought against the soviet Union
Username checks out
It wouldn't be a pointless exercise in a single nationwide vote count though, therefore the outcome would be completely different as well.
As an employee I disagree with you.
I stopped writing my capital X's like in the example above sometime in fourth grade I think (I mean just *look* at them
I love all of those words ngl
I mostly follow politics in other countries when our news outlets report on them so that's mostly the big countries (Germany, France, Italy, UK) or where things aren't going to well (Hungary, Poland, etc
But please please, once you have won this war, don´t force your trailer-habits onto the germans
Criticizing faith is allowed
It depends - there are some clear rules how to write words on German and people sure would have a certain success rate in writing an unknown word correctly if they are already good at orthography
Case in point this glorious example of a quality Viennese drunk:
I thought it was mostly Brits claiming Irish passports?
Thank you Germany, for always taking the blame for my country
But if something like this happened, it would rather come to new elections, although it happened in 2000 when the negotiations to form a coalition lead by the top party at the time failed and party number two and three formed a coalition and the head of party number three became chancellor
It actually starts earlier in Europe than in the US, because we don't have Thanksgiving that's "holding them back".
My favourite is one “șmecher”. It comes from German Schmecker/schmecken where it means taster/to taste
That makes studying them a real pain in the ass.
The second worst thing you can do is call us Germans
I understand what you mean, but  the Holy Roman Emperor sat in Prague for a while as well for instance
We do it twice to be sure
Austrians just aren't really politically correct and very sarcastic.
Sil Maria and Personal Shopper are insanely good films, but I think it doesn't have much to do with Switzerland at all
Helps keep shit from leaking everywhere while it heals.
Am I a veteran because I had military service and was deployed as a border guard (but still inside the country)?
doesn't matter, no religion should have influence on politics or government decision (not matter if they are cancer or not)
The B-B-Sprache
Between high gas prices, short distances and crowded roads, they're not really a thing here, you either go by car for short distances, or you take the plane or train for longer ones (anything 3-400km+)
I used it when I worked for a company which produced mashinery of an big american company in license, everything was notated in mm and inches.
Hmm it instantly tells me that i need a premium account
That's an excellent point I hadn't even considered
>  Austrian because it is comedic in a fun way
The point is that in German verb forms like "have gone" can be split apart by any number of  dependent clauses
It looked like the city was under siege.
He just is not that popular in Russia and if not hyped by the western media he would be totally insignificant today
I moved to an apartment, and no one ever locked doors except for when nobody was home
tiny budget: probably very bad translations -> english
Not really, from reading the title alone I could be super hyped
I've never seen a place that dull
Man some people must live really cheap, because sometimes it feels like I spend this in a week
Even the motor traffic is a breeze compared to many other, even smaller places I know (although the Viennese would beg to differ)
**TL;DR:** If we take Marchia orientalis and Margraviate/Duchy/Archduchy/Empire of Austria as the continuous entity, the capitals were Regensburg, Melk, Klosterneuburg, Wien, Regensburg, Wien
They just didn't change the name, cause the name already established itself.
German scientists best scientists
approval of the EU instantly raised
92% do though
I thought night life in Spain was like this:
Many of the programs are in standard German, but quite a few also in Swiss German.
The official language is just Dutch
Currently unavailable
currently only available in german with turkish subtitles
Sadly this is typical of Austria.
Definitely France, because we don't talk to the Swiss and the Germans are our puppet state (just kidding)
But you get used to always having your key with you
I use them sometimes to pay the exact amount, and the cashier is happy to receive them because it makes it less likely to run out of them
I drank too much of it and now it disgusts me
Albeit Austria stayed western-oriented
Interestingly enough, he was in the french foreign legion before he got drafted into the Wehrmacht
Absolutely not
And that no member of the ÖVP got any flak for their fascist experiment back in their CS days in 34
And I love pierogi
I've been to academic conferences (CS) in Europe and in the US.
Until Instagram blocks the upload of your photo of you and your spouse in front of the illuminated Eiffel Tower because apparently that needs to be licensed
In English, you can _do_ people (in a sexual way), but if you say that in German it sounds weird af
Now we know who voted against that declaration
The world in Austria is too small :D
That was among the indicators how soon and how well Neonazis across the world have adopted Computers and the Internet for their organising
Most important feature might be a bell and lights if you also ride in winter
Is baby jesus a blonde girl angel in Slovakia like he is in Austria
There’s also mountains that are near the city and easily accessible and I’m just a real mountain fan
You'd expect western European societies to be more open to such discussions and not having taboos everywhere.
I am not too sure about that Germany would have attained a lot of the French colonies and there were a some Germans in Britain and a lot of them in the USA.
if it was up to me the EU should annex Russia anyways, so i'm fine with whatever
I don’t exclude moving back, but I would rather try another European country in the near future before that
However, since I‘m almost finishing my degree, I suggest you do some broader research and find out what other universities in the west have to offer
And I like the smaller college-towns
Depends on what "global power" means
(3) The early development of an urban system and middle class in comparison to Eastern and South-Eastern Europe as a counterweight to nobility, gentry and church (4) The early existence of a free class of peasants who were not subordinate to a lord of the manor (5) A tradition of local and regional self-administra tion as a result of early political particularism (6) Cultural (i.e., linguistic and religious) diversity including ethnic diversity within states (7) Always tending towards the continent in political and economic terms (not overseas) (8) Late industrialisation in comparison to Western Europe, but early industrialisation in comparison to Eastern and South-Eastern Europe This allows the conclusion that these territories can be subsumed under the term of South-Eastern Europe because they are under Byzantine influence, although the long Ottoman domination has also left sustainable traces
I doubt this was written by a German native speaker because of the simple grammar mistakes.
;-)
Edit: u/Big_Dirty_Piss_Boner has their facts straight
Lots of corruption
“ implores the listener to to act in a way that could be the basis foundation of a universal legislation
An overview for the districts, which are in some cases identical with towns can be found on the pages 1-3.
Never judge a pumpkin by its cover
OP means a really liquid sauce, stuff you'd also have on a roast or smth
Or we have ~~slave labour~~ a conscription military, which only the men have to slave away in, nobody is asking for equality there, making this sex/gender irrelevant would be a landmark decision towards equality
Wheel, or just a knife
Because you frequent the wrong restaurants I guess
From head to toe
Germany: i love their straight-forward-no bullshit-get to the point-mentality
So instead of
well, there is one kind of beard style which isn't very popular
That'd be *Rock Me Amadeus*.
The USA does care
Lunch is the most important meal of the day.
I'm planning to buy an ETF which is only available to me via American stock exchanges (so it's only traded in USD).
Another input from me: You might want to distinguish between the constitution itself (which mainly is the B-VG and the StGG 1867) and laws that have constitutional rank
I bought one toolast year , fit nicely into my mid sized car
Taking the audioguide there made the visit much more interesting for me - the voice telling you what happened where, how the stadium was flooded to show the sea battles etc.
There is a saying that the Balkan always starts 20km east from where you live
There's also spots with high percentage of immigrants (Reumannplatz, Brunnengasse) and those can feel busy/dirty in their own kind of way, but are completely safe day and night
But sometimes snow can really really really ruin your day
Yeah the Us is a pretty easy target for conspiracy theorists
One time this elderly lady with a heavy texan drawl asked me where the Fortress Hohensalzburg is
I guess every Austrian knows this picture
For a multi-ethnic, absolutist monarchy, it was pretty tolerant and peaceful, and towards the later years there was increasing equality among the peoples
- a goodcondition apartment about 10-15 years old, 2-3 bedroom, with 80-90m2
Oh that actually makes sense, thanks for that
The debt has been moved to very long term low interest loans controlled by Germany et al.
I think the situation in Austria is not much different from the US.
You know what
It got so bad that London's poor were always drunk
Or ads that are like that
Also yeah kids are stupid and break their stuff all the time so they have no business having a 1000€ iPhone
Both are nowadays largely politically autonomous (I wasn't able to find any data on taxes and subsidies to the territories so I am just gonna assume that most taxes are retained locally and Denmark subsidises the territories)
Not very common
So a "hallo" has to surfice
Also I think the fire department would appreciate it too, if we don‘t have too many skyscrapers
Otherwise i try to avoid it whenever i can, i think it is a quite ugly language
Luxembourgish: A bit less than those maybe, but still understood it pretty well
What most people care about however is the children they selfishly brought into this world, and them not having to subsist in some kind climate war hellscape
6 billion EUR festival venue
I think they wanted to expand but there are still only 8 in Austria and half of them in Vienna
They‘re kind of in the rise right now, but even so, people really don‘t care
Especially for the generation that lived through the civil wars in the 90s.
To the people living there it is their world with emotional value attached to it
"Doch" in English
Not the "cross-country skiing". The "skiing-skiing".
haha never heard of Anschlussvorbereitungspräsident.
If you're interested in classic musicians, I can really recommend the Esterhazy castle in Eisenstadt, in Burgenland (east)
Honestly it's the former Yugoslavian I know the least about, and all which comes to my mind now in modern history is Srebrenica
I'm quite surprised you could lose all your money with what seems to have been a big German fund just like that.
Yeah, that was the tunnel that separated Austria and Slovenia
Great times
If that wears off, try "Got stuck on an escalator" instead
Maybe not in 20 or 30 years
Hallstatt in Austria
Holy fuck that was my favorite childhood movie, gotta rewatch it in English now
That's not their official position to the public.
So I kind of expected them to work together a second time.
Buuut where is Austria D:
But I'm pretty positive they won't arrest you immediately.
that way nobodys property has to be searched, and nothing has to be changed about borders.
Honestly
And if you didn't reserve a slot ahead of time, you'll be waiting outside for hours.
I'm fascinated with its history, and the achievements made during its ascension to become a powerful Empire.
Picking his horse to be a consul instead of a senator for example.
And - this is going to be marmite for some - Marmite
[Crazy gibberish
Don't know what I should think about it
As you see, in German have we a very different structuring of sentences, which of course very difficult to read be can
He is said to have some of his demonic rites there
Holy shit, that's unreal
At least according to our national anthem.
However, the Nazi-leadership also got inpired by those riots, they were a main inspiration for the "Kristallnacht" in November later that year
It's a bit missleading because a city needs to manage many more things like waste disposal, energy, housing, etc
Don't forget the good old "Zreißn solls di in lauter Tausender!" Which translates to "May you explode into 1000 Schilling notes." Yeah, Austria is weird.
de jungen buam sand also mehrheitlich trottln...
And here I thought Boris Johnson had a few more votes
I feel like if we tried annexing and stirred things up a bit (near the Balkan of all places), people would be very alert indeed
I grew up in a 500 year old valley where nobody ever moved to except maybe some people from the valley on the other side of the mountain ...
I wouldn't say the ÖVP has much of a plan anymore either, but I guess at least they are somewhat quiet.
This is like the majority of parties I attended worked here, the ramaining 20% only with the difference that the hosts didn't fill their bathtub, but the fridge instead
I'm also sick of Nazi references everytime Austria gets mentioned on the internet.
Most german / austrian memes are rather bad
I barely hear people say Tschechei
It shall now be it's own continent.
Cant see his stone
It has not been recognised internationally and turkey has repeatedly been ordered to leave by the UN
Still, they are here because of immigration.
Check out www.seat61.com which covers all of that in great detail (it varies greatly between countries) and also gives you all the other train info you need.
Kommt drauf an: Wenn man damit Süsses isst, dann ohne Salz
It all started with a dispute over Schnaps
Austro-Faschismus
Mellach coal power plant
Yes and austria (and some south german areas, mostly south baveria) isn't the only nation that does that
Lolwut
Alive: Heinz-Christian Strache
My absolute favorite in Denmark was den gamle by
You get a separate slip just like a ticket.
It usually happens once a month in my vicinity, just 2 weeks ago a 19 y/o with 1,9 promille tried to drive home and crashed into a house.
My personal favourite from recent history would be the Bundespräsidentenstichwahlwiederholungsverschiebung
Is this just modern cities
Leberkassemmel has been mentioned here before
I think mostly Germans are ruining German streets.
Could someone pleased identify that plant in the middle
The eastern Adriatic coastline
AFAIK dumpling bread and potato dumpling originate in Austria/Bavaria/Czechia
Done by brothers, fathers, uncles, neighbours, friends of someone
* Arnold Schwarzenegger (38th governor of California, former bodybuilder, actor, producer, businessman)
Why is it important to you to proof that he isnt Austrian
Sorry, not here
Especially those that speak no dialect at all
Voulez-vous coucher avec moi ce soir
And your username makes me hungry :D
Oh, and it's Erdapfel
Österreich (Austria) itself kinda fits that
It's like asking the most beautiful State of USA?
Not German but close enough
So Switzerland is an envy-crush for me
> „Die guten Christen sind die gefährlichsten – man verwechselt sie mit dem Christentum
Not really, they did it themselves
I don't understand Tirolerisch, Kärntnerisch, Burgenland-isch(?), Vorarlbergerisch und Schweitzer dütsch
They said it's not what Germans ARE
But I must say: these are my personal experiences living in Vienna and moving in the circles I do
Thanks for explaining
also known as daydreamingandtiredofmasturbating.com
No it isn‘t? Up until the Matura, teachers have ALL the power because the system lets them make up grades based on their own individual made up rules
>many other countries
There are not so much islands in Austria, so mostly in Croatia.
It also isn't uncommon in other regions, because places were rivers join each other are often called Gemünd, Gemünden or Gmünd
Nobody fought the Turks in the mountains
It's almost a meme at this point
well, does it really matter as long it's well implented?
My mother told me to pronounce my name in English but I ignored her because my name sounds horrible in English and I couldn’t even really pronounce it if I wanted to
Sadly Austria doesn't have any beaches :(
Wait are you deporting people before they served their prison sentence?
Maybe it's me, but I can't stand the lag
3rd
sorry
No way of telling without knowing both sides of the story
You're not allowed time to actually take anything in but instead herded like cattle through the few rooms open to the public.
Germany - Piefkinesien
And of course if you run around looking like a low level drug dealer people will treat you as one
Vienna:
Just make sure that the filling is not too low on fat, because this will make it pretty dry, so add some spicy and more fatty sausage too
They're kinda Austria's big brother, so there's always this rivalry
Exactly that
At least that was not intentionally haha
I **really** liked the night zoo
Yeah, sure, shill
"Brunhilde", I don't even know someone of that name
Just yesterday [this article] was on the frontpage.
Heresy
like who looked at the keyboard and said let's switch these two characters but nothing else
»-(¯`·.·´¯)->UNGARN<-(¯`·.·´¯)-«
-people with low self esteem
My grandmother told the same story, except the French soldiers didn't behave quite as nicely in hers
We have a real problem with people (even far younger than 16) going above and beyond any reasonable limit.
Oh you nailed it
I mean, I guess with the freezing cold and all that, but I can't imagine wearing that much clothes around here
The funeral company also prints the "[notifications]" which you send to everyone who you want to notify.
We Southerners aren't as direct as Northerners.
Basically the same here except that we pronounce the c like 'ts' in most cases.
To be honest I'd probably prefer the inland cold to the disgusting wind you guys probably have along your coast right now.
Czechia (culturally also a very close part of the empire)
Worked very well
If you're a yodelling hillbilly
Italien and Chinese Restaurants are common, even in pretty rural areas
A guy ate a sandwich after failing at his job
Y'all don't make good wine
It tastes way too good for that
Schappen: On 28th December (Feast of the Holy Innocents) kids go around the village with twigs and canes and whip grown ups while chanting verses
No, they usually pass out while having a cig and set their room on fire
> An Elfe is more like a pixie in german while an Elb sounds a bit more majestic
Same in Austria
We have five main parties:
"Schau ma moi, dann seng ma scho
I live in Vienna, and there are parts of the city where it really seems like it's true, and it must look similar in every major Western European city.
I can distinguish between general English, American, Scottish, Irish, and Australian accents.
Oh, well I look a little dumb now haha.
i man wer isst denn bitte a soß zu seim paniertn schnitzal?
The head of the Green party, Vice Chancelor and upon other things responsible for sport got on a minute long rant about sport clubs not adhering to the covid rules, threatening to remember any who defied him to cut their subsidies next year
Crazy how important German tourists are for many economies
(One of those two would probably be very happy about this solution)
It wasn't mindless bible reading or singing religious songs or anything like that
krumlov is almost my second home
I'm pretty confident in my ability to pronounce them
It connects us to Turkey
>oh and having to listen to my patriotic dad bitching about getting poland back
Such a good show, can't stop watching
I read Forbeskin in the IMGUR Title, but realise its suomi and Forbesin
not that other countries love the union all that much, but Poland feels like the guy who finally gets into that cool new club in town only to find out that its expensive and the music kind of sucks
I like Alligatoah and Trailerpark.
But wine
Euda was ist mit Österreich
Our Hochdeutsch is not the same across both Austria and Germany.
I have also never been there but I do the same as you
But yeah, many people were not unhappy about
Me too, by the way
[Except for a significant amendment in 1929] which significantly weakened the role of the parliament
Don‘t tell me it‘s only to prevent the Germans from occupying it
The price doesn't seem to have been worth it
no polish restaurant in the area :c
eingeswitzerd
When I went to Switzerland I realized that their TV moderators, radio moderators etc all spoke Swiss German, whereas in Austria they‘d speak a kind of „High Standard Austrian German“ but not in dialect
97, you pay 1
Guess the designers figure "surfing on the beaches of California is something unoffensive all potential customers can agree on
It is illegal to sell but not illegal to buy.
Where did you get that word from
> followed by Italy on second place with 12
We also should not forget the resistance in the Ministry of Internal Affairs which has now a long black tradition and suddenly was colored blue
Southern carinthia (slovenia)
"Deka"(short) or "Dekagramm" (englisch decagram) for 10 g. Technically it is SI conform (and can even be abbreviated as "dag") but you won't usually see it
And so is straight out telling you
don't you guys have insane growth rates under Erdogan
Media and Elites are campaigning for Macron.
(That recipe also doesn't mention seasonings
In Old Norman the name is Williame
Now, both of my parents are in management positions, and our total household income at that time was around 11k/month pretax (~6500€/month post tax+healthcare)
But the US Air Force didn't care and violated the airspace nonetheless
I looked that up some time ago: TSOM is a hollywood remake of an Austrian movie that was very popular back then.
Italian is such a beautiful language
Ha, sounds fun
Well we are a federation of nine countries, so each one is somewhat autonomous
As a kid I consumed a lot of German media and kids shows
Yes, I read about it
Trucks need to carry snow chains.
The fact we were basically not mentioned in the conference probably helped prevent us from being split like Germany
Italy
overreaction, destabilization because of self importance, hurt pride and the need to be seen as strong to overcompensate for insecurity
Cuddling
Icelandic
Can you source that, just would like to read what he said
Servus
My best match is Vienna , than Prague and than Munich.
It's been a running gag in Austria over the last year
Its bleat is so loud and terrible, it goes through marrow and bone
Thatś nice to hear
There's even a song about how much nicer Vienna would be if everyone would die there:
This
In Austria you get a double salary twice a year
Instead, drop your $36
No matter how close the city might be (and 20 minutes by car is not that close)
even though fernwärme ("district heating" by trash incineration) is growing strong and a great alternative to gas.
Also I'd just use WiFi, where available.
(Ye, I know no such language exists)
This kind of deliberate lying can't be just ignored
it means "deutscher Nation" as in "deutscher Natur" or "deutscher Herkunft"; so, of a German  type or manner (to distinguish it from the old Roman Empire)
Ofc you can shift the words also in many more ways, but that‘s about the main few
Well yes, but in Austria and especially Vienna we perfected the art of being impolite to such a degree that servers will put on a fake frowny face to not accidentally cheer up paying customers when all they wanted is being miserable with their expensive tiny coffee.
Well atleast Brexit is gonna move forward now, and the EU can deal with more important issues than the Brits
And the one thing people around here could get behind that he did -- working out some sort of general healthcare for at least for those who couldn't afford it -- was publicly torpedoed by even some Democrats
Why not push for space exploration
Most people realize it's not that simple and that most people are not dicks
Obviously, break ins do happen here, but they almost always target family-homes in villages, when the occupants arent there
(All men-made)
Our nominal neutrality doesn't mean anything
It's not illegal in Austria, quite the contrary.
Slovenia: (I know too less about Slovenia)
Korea and China certainly are places with a highly different culture
A properly locked door will always need a key to open it
Some tiny valley in the Alps, a lake that doesn't get much/any tourism, etc.
Because most will immediately jump to English if they're capable of it and notice you're a foreigner
and top of r/facistaww here we go.
Die Nazis haben die eingefleischten (d.h. nicht übergelaufenen) Anhänger beider Parteien später gnadenlos verfolgt und in KZs gesteckt
Generally speaking I'm against an EU army.
When Cyril and Methodius were both Greek
And The books of Marx and Engels are often called "Blaue Bände" (blue volumes) since the most common compilation was published in blue covers
Oh thank you, that is very interesting
it's the most logical when you have a point you can label as the lowest possible refer to 0 and avoid negatives at all.
I really like our dual-leadership system
Do it as Austria does and ban foreign funding.
I really enjoyed it too, it is also very popular among my friends
Don't get me wrong, I don't think Slovakia is super exciting or anything, but I just barely notice any difference when crossing the border apart from the occasional commie blocks like in Petržalka
As far as I know, in some parts of Italy (especially Napoli), pizza is cut with scissors
Most of Austria's GDP is concentrated in Vienna,
What do you mean
That's the reason why the national color is the color of Trumps skin
My favourite example for this is *dragon* and *kite*. In German both words are *Drache*.
Funnily Austria has a huge percentage of donations to NGOs by individual people when compared to other European countries
It’s the same in German - what pisses me of most is that they don’t even get the declensions and conjugations rights - it’s not “ja meine Herr die Auto ist da” it’s “ja mein Herr das Auto ist da” - I mean - I don’t expect a translator to go through every movie script but I am sure there are enough native german speakers in Hollywood that this can be solved with a simple phone call
I don't know, but the EU recently allowed Croatia to join Schengen, which I presume is a good sign
Old English is very close to old German, therefore I can understand quite a lot :)
Well I miss my family and friends greatly
You're telling me this isn't an accurate representation
They all were for all intents and purposes "greek" as that definition was mostly related to religion, language and looking to Constantinople culturally
Wasn't the program itself plagued by massive cost-overruns?
This was pre-internet and it took me years to have my misconception corrected
tiger state, government agencies that work in a very efficient and streamlined manner (everything's offered in multiple languages, things get done quickly, many things can be done online), lots and lots of aircon, clean parks, clean main roads and seedy back alleys, first intelligent city toll system with automatic toll adjustment depending on area/time, awesome new airport, interesting green building exteriors, huge replanting effort to save the trees that had to be moved during some alleyway construction, funny accent and "no pok
are just not part of any continent (and in the end, "continent" is just an arbitrary human name for "huge island", in a way
Moka pot
I think it was the scenes with the psychiatrist that felt particularly on the nose
>The lower wages, compared to some of the neighbouring countries, for educated people and the omnipresent jealousy/disdain for educated people with higher wages
It was a 3hour lesson about paper production
Buy a train ticket, look for a hotel/AirBNB while sitting in the train
I used to sing it all the time as a kid, even in front of my parents
So this goes for someone with a masters degree in a field with higher pay fresh from university
England is a collection of city states with armed robbers roaming the wilderness that lies between them.
idk, 325€ seems about right for when I lived in Austria, but I'm surprised how many people from similarly priced countries spent only like 150€/month or something like that
German is pretty flat, whereas English is more up and down
Because Halloween is a fully commercialized holliday that is getting pushed so that some people can profit of it
E: not it's the proper phrase
Schlafes Bruder/Brother of Sleep - Robert Schneider
The end
Most of the classics that don’t use fancy meat cuts are basically „poor people food“.
r/me_ira
Any democracy that has any worth would have seen the massive protests the first time, and accepted that the people don't want this(for now anyway, I expect it to show up again on the EU agendas in a decade or so)
r/Austria would kill you
Indifference to outright xenophobic hate.
I really feel your pain
No one in Austria would understand "three quarters nine" as 8:15 and the confusion usually is only with "quarter 9" and some people see that as 9:15 or "viertel ueber (Neun)".
Australia (Sometimes, very rarely, Oceania)
Ones which tend to have old timer restaurants/hotels attached to them
My home region was  occupied by  France after the second world War
See, that's the difference between Austrian and Swiss German ;)
Same goes for the city of Linz in Upper Austria
There's differences like Middle and Southern Bavarian.
Africa
I get that they don't want political stuff on their stream
Since November there‘s a new rule that you can‘t smoke in closed off public places (restaurant etc), and I love that rule
6 shootings, we don't know yet if those happend at the same time by 6 or more attackers or one after another
I would be all for it, if done in stages over a long time and with a solid plan behind it.
It can be a bit cheaper if you are a member of the alpine association (called "Alpenverein" in German).
Even if people agree on what a certain type/year tastes like, the proof of the wine is in the drinking, so to speak
Wages are only one part of financial situation
During summer if not forced into some kind of schedule my natural rythm tends towards going to bed at about 1am and get up at 9am
Well this is bullshit and a way to self-censor.
Not really how it works
They invited people from other regions to talk about theirs, they told us about our religions history etc
His successor Adolf Schärf was born in 1890 in Nikolsburg (Mikulov) in southern Moravia again
No and I‘ve never heard of that /:
difference is those people flee from isis, nationalist dip shits just show up and arent fleeing from anybody, just wanting to be annoying ;)
But the dough is made from potatoes
This is my personal theory on this.
And the church but it's really cool inside
He took off his scabbard and you could see a white line
I like the film but that was so weird to watch her struggle with the sentences
Vienna isnt a chill and romantic city anymore
The Styrian town "Judenburg" (Jew's Borough) has only one Jew left (afaik), and that's the one in their [Coat of Arms] The others were killed, converted or expulsed in the 14th and 15th centuries
while we're at it, can we make Austria great again?
> Soviet leader Joseph Stalin put forth a proposal for a reunification and neutralization (in the sense of being neutral) of Germany, with no conditions on economic policies and with guarantees for "the rights of man and basic freedoms, including freedom of speech, press, religious persuasion, political conviction, and assembly" and free activity of democratic parties and organizations
you don't need to say that to me
Line go up
it's a brand made by ferrero specifically for the german-speaking market, and after being successful, exported it to other markets
You don't really know who secretly has double citizenship, which makes the whole law against it kinda moot.
It's not for everyday use, it's for collecting or as Investment.
However, we have to consider how to regulate the jobs market, how to combat social dumping, so that the united market will not work against EU citizens
I have an eastern background but I have since learned that westerners do this
That would *maybe* be true if the games weren't built to make you want those extras
It's a little hard to explain
Augustin
EU-US relations are by far not the top priority of the electorate in most European countries (that I know of).
It consists of all the scientific facts that didn't fit in "Der Schwarm", very well written too
iE Singular/Plural and form of file
HOLOCAUSTHOLOCAUSTHOLOCAUST for at least a whole year
We’re even called the ash tray of europe
Absolutely not
> i) that still indicates that changing to summertime puts the body under stress
I still haven't recovered from those financial losses
But yeah, the past week was pretty sick snow wise
How come Canada has such strict immigration laws then?
10min break between 8-9
Overall the whole Salzkammergut is liked I think
My teachers always told us grammar is secondary, but vocabulary is absolutely necessary.
The sound of the language is ok
ISIS especially called their followers to use vehicles as weapons, because it's easier to plan & hide than building bombs.
I am always wondering if they can’t get a German native speaker to check the wording or if they simply don’t care
If certain conditions are met, I would be in favor of a European Federation/United Europe/...
Reducing and even discouraging personal vehicle usage is just one of the means to accomplish that.
Actually it is a zone closed off by barriers and hooded men
•Antarctica
Mind it
Let's hope the casualties don't go up
Most common would be salami pizza and prosciutto with or without portobellos.
Even the ultra expensive "secured against credit cards" locks are really easy to open with a credit card
The main goal is getting extremely drunk (like every austrian tradition) and people are organised in groups with different nonsensical themes (like Bears, Guys wearing women clothes etc)
I'd weep for my tuberous friends; then increase my parsnip, sweet potato, and cassava intake
Edit: the police officer was hopefully wrongly confirmed
I was suprised about the size of the company
EU should start imposing tough economic sanctions on countries refusing to take back their own citizens.
Das ist ja verrückt
Also, – not that you were asking – in my opinion it actually is the best Pizza in town, but I literally live around the corner and eat their food about once a week, so maybe I'm a bit biased
Seeing spelt as exotic is a bit a hyperole, you can get nearly everywhere and it's grown at 15000ha here, compared to Ameranth which is more often found in gardens as ornamental plant (Fuchsschwanz)
You did every nook and cranny, hooooly shit
I know a lot of Swedes who are called Mohamed.
> He won with a 73
no they would never
You mean [Pofesen]
Edit: Sorry didn’t see the K.
Game of Thrones is a bit a weird example, I know many who read the english books because of the translation issues with the names and additional waiting time for the German book.
And if someone from outside of Europe asks me, I usually say that I'm German, because I'm sick and tired of talking about Kangaroos, Koalas and Australian Rule Football or whatever this is
It literally made me laugh out loud
Sandler
There's not even enough Leberkas Pepi *within* Austria
Knowing the procedure makes me almost certain that the person responsible did that on purpose to torture the animal.
Weren't more people killed and injured in the train crash of Eschede
But here they are saying that in the country of Croatia, x people get denied, and as such the country of Croatia won’t get access to ESTA
This act was a reaction to the recent association agreement between the Ukrain and the EU.
insurance card, some functionality of an e-id was added later on, and was subsequently replaced by Handy-Signatur
Even most 'old' people seem to be completely fine with it
Or do the bus drivers just wait for everybody to get in?
The bot could of course make mistakes, but I think he was programmed well.
Is that blur Xavier Naidoo
This
There had already been a noticeable decline regarding certain aspects in the area near the main station and most noticeable on Museumstraße towards the inner town.
Usually used as a provisionary measure, e.g. when moving, at construction sites, when you really want to live in that "poor student" aesthestic in your early 20s, etc
Austria: Ah, seems like we only need to love next door
Carinthia is the only one that I don‘t get
It is quite frankly ridiculous of a company to cave in like that
IIRC second most popular drink after Coca-Cola
Neither of them talked about it and died before I got curious
Yeah, I saw after I replied
Also, there is a whole border conflict with Ireland, because Northern Ireland (part of the UK) only remained peaceful, because there was no border between it and "real" Ireland because of the EU
>Some could save a lot, but they spend everything
"Austrian" Royalty, they were yours first ;)
It is known for its Baroque architecture, art, and manuscripts
Learning a lot of new things about automatic cars today, thanks.
Anyway, he got injured by a grenade fragment in his right knee which gave him an out and made him unable to return into service until the end of the war, which was his luck I guess
Someone that was with me at that moment asked if that isn't against free speech and all, but - after a brief history lesson - both agreed why we take the Verbotsgesetz very seriously
Sorry, I didn't want to imply a "German cultural homogenization" at all
A big family, maybe even with several women, and you use quite a lot of toilet paper in a week
Thanks for getting occupied and taking one for the team
Get a haircut you hippie
wondering now if the same is true for you as it is for me: it helps with the shame to take extra big steps so your feet aren't touching the ground in as many places
So there are already quite well established cases in which the EU treats citizens of countries that offer visa free entry worse then EU citizens get treated by them
Sorry I really don‘t really understand what any of that means /:
But it has nice Wine and food, it is mostly banter between the states :D
Austrian here
The UK really should just form sort of economic union with Canada, Australia, and New Zealand
If it's any comfort, they normally don't stay bright very long
I think most of us are fine with religion dying out, and we *don't* want to replace Christianity's abandoned churches with mosques.
Essentially the look like official vendors because of the uniforms, but really they are black market vendors
KZ Mauthausen and the nuclear power plant in Temelin
There's definitely some reservations
I do ...
Silberstein
We still had to redo the whole election.
There is no Slovenian border crossing
After the Ground floor you have the 1st floor - or "Erster Stock" etc
Ooh I hope you‘ll be happy here, or at least happier than you were before
For 400K you can buy a small flat
Not all of Gaul was occupied by the Roman empire, the little Armorican village that held out is clearly missing.
My grandma (who was just a young kid) told me the soviet soldiers liked to give out chocolate to kids and the americans always gave cigarettes to the adults, that's pretty much all I remember
Since most of the shit they told last time has already been proven wrong
etc
Better safe then sorry, amirite?
Because Austria lost against Prussia in 1866
Especially destroying the French cinematics.
10/10 would go back there
If you have weed on you in munich and the police sees you, you get a cavity search
* toll (toll = great)
Edit: the police officer was hopefully wrongly confirmed
Just watch the documentary "Eurotrip" for a realistic depiction...
can't fault them for wanting to leave tbh
As much as it pains me to say, his myth is only a part of the communist rewriting of the national history from the time they needed heroes to base their national pride on
carinthia wannabes
Oh boy, we have a lot of unknown companies in Austria that are actually pretty big in their sector
there I was reading about how others are claiming that some of the tracks in their countries are missing while I have to say that in my region the tracks are on the map but non operational for years
Since others might still read that thread, in general I'd say that flexibility is just another cost factor.
it's normally free, so why deal with it yourself
Apart from the rampant nationalism and revanchism (both internal and external) PIS aint't all that dissimilar from Christian Social parties in the rest of Europe, if you go back 50 or so years that is
I was so confused at first, because "Tschick" is an Austrian word for cigarette
we are currently dealing with the consequences of the last one.
Swiss people enjoy the right to vote on (almost?) everything directly and from what I can gather (have family there) they very much like their special place in the middle of Europe without being part of anything greater.
I mean come on, why would you not have a ventilator involved in ventilation
If you go for a few days I would recommend the bohem art Hotel for your stay.
They never had to learn it like you.
and the nice beaches and beautiful cities
Id say they arent really comparable, they are just way too different
Spoilers: She didn't get the prince and the only way not to turn into sea phoam is to kill him which her sisters urges her to do
Perspectives
Salzburg (Salt castle in German)
I grew up with dubbed TV/movies and I prefer it by far over subtitles.
When my grandma died my brother didn‘t go to church either because he‘s very non-religious and during her lifetime none of my family had a good relationship to her (she hated all of us most of her lifetime, and when she got into an elder care home (idk what to call it) she did get a little bit better but I believe she still hated my mom and my brother didn‘t meet her either during that time), so it‘d feel insincere to play sad when somebody you had no relation to during their living times died
As a kid I consumed a lot of German media and kids shows
What do else do you expect to happen?
So my compassion for some of them is limited tbh
Didn't quite get what you meant, but I don't think Austria gets more international media attention than Denmark, I think they're pretty similar in impact
The elders don’t complain but instead will interact with the kids in a fun way and enjoy their time with them
Absolutely
Would make Vorarlberg an exlave though.
It took me many years to realize that I was totally ignorant back then and how spoiled I have been
Here in Austria almost nobody would think of buying still water in the supermarket except if you need it on your way
Bavaria on the other hand is a whole different story...
We read Macbeth in class - with individual parts read (played
Du bist nix aundas wiara lebendigs Zü.
We have the Decker which is 10 grams
Belgium and Netherlands so lazy couldn't even be bothered to fill out the spreadsheet.
I wonder how their trade balance would look if you only look at Germany - EU trade
Liechtenstein can into mircostate that is part of GB
Yes, I know about the 1991 - 1995 flag
Maybe I missed it, but I found the first questions a little bit difficult to answer (was that the anxiety inventory
That there are no unions, and its portrayed as being something special and extra if there is one
people in the "West" always get mad and point to the money chart when this comes up, which to me kind of shows that there is at least some truth behind the sentiment
Same in German
If you have a house with a yard you will have to shovel every day before work which can mean getting up at 4am, shovel the fucking snow, then take a shower and go to work
The kids are then paid by the people they have hit
"Do you wish me a good morning, or mean that it is a good morning whether I want it or not; or that you feel good this morning; or that it is a morning to be good on
Hence our general defense plan against a Soviet invasion was developed by a civilian consultant (who formerly was a prominent member of the OKH I think)
Norway is like Austria though, with real dialects and differences even in neighboring villages/valleys
In the 14th century, Vienna prospered due to clever policies of [Rudolf IV] (Rudolf the Founder), among them the founding of the University of Vienna (1365), who in doing so tried to compete against the local importance of Prague
I usually got quite a good memory for things like that but seems like nothing was really that memorable
Average temperature in helsinki is -4, average temperature where I live in Austria in winter is -2.
Is this really not a thing with Italian keyboards
Absolutely agree
Depends on how it is displayed
The most mind-boggling thing is that so many pro-Brexiteers were, and *still are* of the opinion that the UK has an advantageous negotiating position
South Tyrol should not be coloured in
In the Romanian countryside, I often had to think of my grandparents and imagined that this is what life must have been like when they grew up in the 1930s.
Just to name a few
There was Ski Challenge
Only the ideologies dont
I remember in india in the mountains before blind curves, they had road signs telling you to honk
>other German people apparat from Austrians and Piefkes as well ;)
My favourite is one “șmecher”. It comes from German Schmecker/schmecken where it means taster/to taste
Answering for some other countries I know: It seems to be an issue in France, Spain, Indonesia, Japan
Kohlmarkt and Freyung are just streets, you've not been there
> because of the size of the German economy
well my mother is from chile, and when i was younger our school sent us out for red nose day(which is collecting money for sick childrens clown, cuz that helps) and i went to  nun to collect a bit of money and she already looked latin to me and i asked her for money for sick children and she responded in more or less spanish that she doesnt speak german, so i asked her in spanish where she was from and she said "De Chile po
I live near the KZ Mauthausen and wanted to go there, but because of Corona I didn't get the chance
just the perfect mix of cute and stupid
Plachutta, Figlmüller - two tourist trap restaurants who both claim to have the "best Schnitzel in town". if you fly into Vienna the arrival hall at the airport is plastered with advertisement from those two, which should make one think if they really are as authentic as they claim
I was scanning the comments fearing someone would mention Linz (Linz may be very industrial, but it ain't that bad), or Vienna (which would be the typical anti-capital reflex; Vienna is fantastic)
Not trying to nitpick but for the sake of completeness: that's a very german thing to do.
Yes, in many states in Austria it is illegal to camp above the tree line (it is always illegal below unless you have express permission by the land owner) unless it is an actual emergency - there are by far enough huts though, so there's not really any need to anyways.
Idk how many people know about Linz, St
Maybe we should also try to demand better conditions from the EU.
Linz Vienna and Munich are all at 48°
And by new I mean from around 1996
And then there's Vorarlberg
They have an english cook, german wine and dutch cheese
In both the British referendum and U.S.
!remindme 1 year
Source: named a child a couple of years ago
Also "Ich versteh' nur Spanisch" = "I only understood spanish" meaning "I didn't understand anything"
I mean, he is nice and all, but he is too Piefke to be "one of us".
I know too little about the previous law to have an oppinion on most - only the last point:
> developed by a civilian consultant
To add to this: The [historic city center of Vienna] is a [UNESCO World Heritage Site]
He is definitely the exception, though, and he hung out mostly with other managers, younger and higher-educated people.
Strange, my go-to indian restaurant here has quite a lot of option that I would consider on the healthy side
The building complex is quite nice actually, has an Arab/Spanish touch, with lots of Arabesques
Some years ago I got 4GB of data for 20€ and then Three bought the Austrian Orange operator and prices for data went up.
Question: why not look for a planet b?
To be fair, the French eat Pepes, so not really a surprise
I mean the name gives it away
It looks like some wild West, shoot first, ask after behaviour and nothing how a modern Nation should behave
The quality of our bread & other bakery products.
But also our direct words, like Flugzeug (Fly-thing,plane), Spielzeug (playing-things), Brustwarze ( breast-wart, nipple), there are more but I can't think of any
Those we're pretty cool classes
In Austria, to my knowledge, no.
Love to the North
>Similarly some countries stop allowing their citizens to vote if they live abroad for too long
And i am pretty good at it i believe
But at the same time - if it’s happening ? Why should the EU care
This is real summer weather
Estonian – Viin
It is not directly related to health just handled by the same ministry.
For just beach and sun there are really better places but the history and culture is really nice
Whatever
Most of all, because the teacher was tremendously boring.
And I assume (and hope) that France will do the same with Notre Dame
I just wanted to say "How does your military help Lichtenstein during an invasion if Lichtenstein is actually invaded BY your military" :D
(Attention is on the time - here today)
The Conservatives are parroting our right-wing extremists (who are out of the question anyway) in a desperate attempt to gather votes, the Greens have devolved into feminazis (I haven't heard of them doing something for the environment for ages) and are in the process of removing all men from their party and the other parties are too insignificant.
Maybe not the standard yet, but an option
eh, that's just the illogical nature of exonyms everywhere
Huh
tv (Hypixel-Like), play
These graphics
We have a word if you feel shame for somebody else - it's called "Fremdschämen"
Well, the weather is correct tho
And thats the stove for heating and cooking at the same time
Aren't the danes uo there with the austrians when it comes to winter sports and skiing
Mohnnudeln
I usually root for Germany if Austria is knocked out
Honestly, through the mumbling I wasn't quite able to understand everything, but what I got was that Scotland basically has to apply a set of legislative changes and then its good to go?
Still the lesser evil compared to living in a war-torn rubble of a country that is half ruled by fanatics/anarchy.
I can't think of living anywhere else
Nobody mentions them in everyday language because they are not really compatible for Austria: They are written behind the name.
I'm using INOX-Pans, but non-stick is far more popular than cast iron, it's mostly used for roasting on open flame (like chestnuts)
I am not saying it's a common occurance, just that the rates are increasing
Continental: Both I think
Smells like propaganda
Yes, after all in both Switzerland and Vorarlberg they speak an alemannic dialect.
I have never seen anyone drinking sparkling water on a mountain
Actually it got called 1st World War as soon as 1918
Chances are they want asylum in Europe.
I know it's just the networks, just wasn't sure whether it's an actual law passed by congress or just a rule set by the FCC you have to comply with otherwise x happens.
Why is every picture so pixelated?
Edit: rural area in Upper Austria
if you cover your face in public, you are up to something bad.
Can't we just import high qualified East-Asians, Australians, South Americans, or Canadians, instead of non-qualified hyperreligious people who dislike our culture and values?
Well, for some people you move their destination is literally the final station
Büffel = Biffl
Since 1918 it is forbidden to use a title of nobility in Austria
And other studies usually rank Vienna in the Top 5 as well.
One for the kitchen which is the cooking stove at the same time
It was kinda glossed over in the years after it, and we put ourselves in the victim position
Thank you Germany and France for getting over their old animosities and rivalries and finally teaming up
"If they can't afford to pay rent, they should buy a flat
The only parents where from the birthday child
Knowing the salaries of people who works longer in the company or higher in hierarchy would help me understand, if it makes sense to stay in the company
("*Austriae est imperare orbi universo"* or "*All the world is subject to Austria"*)
It took a while for my dad to discover that one of the guys was actually from his own company and could speak German
UK solar was never viable anyway.
Wine Spritzer (I actually had to Google the english term) is definitely the most popular/common mixed drink here.
That's the reason for why NATO still exists.
But maybe that's the Italian mindset.
Can confirm, I have never tried it
Taste is absolutely subjective
Just a thought:
Stacked wood is Schichtmeter or Ster
I don't think that it's too late.
Never rented one myself, but you can get an Aston Martin for €390 a day (€1560 a week) from [Gollob Sportwagen Vermietung] based in Vienna.
In all seriousness, we do actually have a word for it, "Taufscheinchristen" or "Taufscheinkatholiken", i.e. "Baptism certificate Christians/Catholics".
Good for you, the only Irish I ever met were exchange students and some work colleagues in GB, the few pubs I went to over here had 0 irish immigrants as customers.
I also think that it is unfair to compare big brands to small, local ones
He doesn't know what he's missing, your country is grand
Wouldn't have it any other way
The FPÖ is populist but not officially racist.
The whole point of the title is to be grammatically incorrect, but grammar doesn't really translate ;)
any work email address using your company's domain name, for example
Icelandic plates in rural Austria was really weird
I get it, though I don't have a car (but I got the license), like I said PT is pretty good around here.
Berlin Florence sounds like a roughly 20 hour train ride.
*looks at flair*
And you think 5 miles a days is a big journey in Europe or what
Never called it an achievement?
Pardon me, I would have to agree on your statement
Wie oft dagegen passiert das mit der Dollfuß-Schuschnigg-Zeit
That's the trick tho
„Handle so, daß die Maxime deines Willens jederzeit zugleich als Prinzip einer allgemeinen Gesetzgebung gelten könne
Yeah, we got some sweet loot outta that, financing fancy new walls for Vienna and a few other cities and even founded an entire new city (Wiener Neustadt) with it
I am not sure about these - I never was in these countries
yeah nothing has changed then
Hirn mit Ei
* Sigmund Freud (even though born in Czechia, he grew up in Austria
(Especially now with our uncertain future)
Not a word, but an idiom: "To give up the ghost
Sometimes it‘s really funny
The movie plays in the 80s I think)
And *what* the fuck is going on in your kebap shops
I haven't seen snow in a year
Der / Das Pool
Nope
Reading from the thread you linked to:
what a twat
Topfen ️
5 minute walk, 10 minute bus
One was drafted near the end of the war and was then killed by a soviet grenade near Vienna
But when the stepmother-witch gets wind of that, she cuts off Rapunzels hair and banished her to some wasteland
Laid to keel in 1958, built by Blohm & Voss
Not really _hate_ you, just remind you that you are not from there, even if you lived there for decades.
Many of them were put in concentration camps after the Anschluss
two girls (late teens) from the us were completely astonished, we have fridges in austria (i do not know what they thought we use - ice
Many people do it daily as they live in Tyrol but live in Salzburg (or vice versa)
They decide to leave for today, since they can't really do anything, not even close the meeting properly
Is marketing that more effective in Eastern Europe?
By that logic I could have picked any of the dwarf countries, but no matter how intertwined, they aren't EU members
Health problems, was close to a burn out and he and his family got numerous death threats
> Soviet leader Joseph Stalin put forth a proposal for a reunification and neutralization (in the sense of being neutral) of Germany, with no conditions on economic policies and with guarantees for "the rights of man and basic freedoms, including freedom of speech, press, religious persuasion, political conviction, and assembly" and free activity of democratic parties and organizations
To make matters even more confusing, there's [Burg Liechtenstein] near Vienna, which is still owned by the Liechtenstein monarchy...
Belgium is one of the prettiest countries I've been to actually!
and the US has military advisors on the ground directly cooperating with rebels.
How do you justify that label
Tell that to the extremes of the political axis
All that Hitler did ruin it bullshit is just stupid.
- Mauretania
No, he was CEO of the OEBB (Federal Train Company).
Honestly I only find the TH Nürnburg ugly from those
I knew it
In areas that are not, I'd say it's 5 out of a 100 maybe
Only brewed on the 6th of December and then stored for 10 months before it's sold
Probably because it‘s more closely related to Swiss german than any other Austrian dialect
8 or Austria's 21
Probably the most generic part of Austria
Linsen mit Knödel (lentils with dumplings) or goulash for me
didn't know that
Prolly mostly due to Vienna exporting their architects there for a while
What some Americans consider houses would be garten sheds in some European countries
She also campaigns for Scotish independence from UK so she can join EU.
>No idea where švinglc comes from
It can sound sophisticated and educated in certain situations but in general it just sounds unnatural.
And I understand Dutch good enough to get a rough sense of what a short text is about
It's called "Fristenlösung".
8 per 100
For example former president Heinz Fischer was Board member for the Austrian-North Korean-Friendship society before he was president
This is no joking matter
r/chefkoch ;)
Imagine you are left leaning and you really like WANDL, you could vote for WANDL and hope they get into the parliament
meanwhile, iceland offers to take in refugees and no one listens
Where is Denmark when you need him?
• Teachers have way too much power
I think it is one disabled person per 25 employees
Obviously this is not a sincere statement and just joking comeback to those remarks
I guess they taste mucy like guinea pigs
The EU law is incredibly strict on that
But his news channel is trash
The same can't be said for the ethnic German-Austrians of Lower Styria (now Northern Slovenia), who were all but expelled and are to this day not recognized by Slovenia.
Es kommt von "Laib" Leiberl kommt von "Leib"
Why would the even want to rejoin if many Brits could enjoy the privileges of EU citizenship without the need for a membership?
there are all kind of things in the Quaran.
Ketchup and so on are okay
Not cool bro, not cool
1984 was a warning not a guidebook
That’s December 5 though
No, I don't think it does
real penises or much worse, a euphemism for some sort of british delicacy?
I got this from the official communique by the government
No, he was quite charming but I later learned that he had another girlfriend still in Paris so it was not meant to be
Meaning, in Austrian German, a squirrel's tail.
I'm not a fan of the Russian government but many people in my country are quite against the recent sanctions because it leads to nothing and only harms our relations.
Nope, never heard of it
The US is removing all regulations on the financial markets,
There's lots of scepticism towards US products.
I know the doors of all my ~15 neighbor houses and only one of them has a self locking door
Edit: I just read that you meant the ones in the middle east, not in europe
It's all about marketing
i have family in drenthe and snackbar is the only term for it i know
or anything else that's not rain
The only city that came to my mind was Linz
And then - and I say that in the most neutral way I can - the USA have been burning their reputation for decades now
What would really interest me too is, do you consider yourself French at all or does the average person
May as well include Hitler since he used to be an Austrian before denouncing it
We have the same thing
you phrased it like a fact
- The "Franzosenkrankheit" or "Franzosenpest", the French plague, is of course syphillis
That's why they keep telling themselves that walls don't work.
So Mozart is from Salzburg
This is actually true for a lot of countries, not just scandinavia
I've been to Rome, Barcelona, Paris, London, NYC ... several times
So what do you guys do
Stop believing your media brainwashing
I couldn't really place the language but it was obvious to me that it was a Germanic language.
Österreich-Ungarn
Sounds like a Monty Python sketch or something
Keiner stinkt schöner
Mea culpa
Pretty sure the enlargement had at least something to do with it.
Yet what force on earth is weaker than the feeble strength of one,
The older the people and the further away from the citied the less likely they are to speak english well
[However, the smaller one on Mariahilferstraße has a really fancy interior]
Only some very basic things
>Guns
But now they can see that from a central place and prosecute the corrupt local politician.
[Schachnovelle] by Stefan Zweig.
The two biggest are probably whether potato salad should or should not contain mayonnaise (and of course it shouldn't, anyone who thinks differently should have their taste buds and/or mental state examined) and whether potato dumplings or bread dumplings are superior (and again, the answer is obvious since bread dumplings are far better at soaking up sauces and don't taste like rubber)
Bit if someone says "hey u want schnitzl" and they put sauce on it they will be stabbed
Hitler was the only important head of the Nazi party ever
They are a mix of beautiful and harsh
Santa Maria and ships that reached the new world.
They don’t even have exit controls to check if you overstayed
Calling those right-wing parties populist is kind of dangerous as people could get the feeling that they don't really mean it, which is not true
consequently most of the people I know who enjoyed it were all farmers/rural folk.
also you can't really go wrong with long-sleeve shirts
"schnabel" would be german for "beak" (like a ducks beak)
Ich bin ein Berwiener, oder so
Connected to that, anything involving highway/freeway culture, specifically diners and mom-and-pop highway rest stops and quirky small-town sights like "biggest chicken statue of Texas". Our rest stops are all professionalised chains that serve fancy buffet style restaurant food at overly high prices (not much competition on the freeway), the equivalent to highway truck stops are probably the cafés adjacent to gas stations, but they're always sad smoky places and only good for coffee, a dry sandwich, or some greasy sausage or kebap
Mao was a Kazakh
Totally normal
>Wait, you can open your main door from outside without a key
6-7 too, don't remember well
How is that obvious
The German word for bunker is Bunker
They have a nice/average house but only an old car and only went on a budget holiday every few years
Are there any official communication channels from the EU commission, that give details about what that deal will most likely include, or what has been negotiated so far
Food should be produced locally if possible
Unfortunetaly not
What they don't understand is that there is not one correct version of German.
No breaks between lessons except 15min break between 3-4 no breaks after that
Because that‘s Switzerland ngl
Vermutlich ist es ein Student, der nicht aus Heidelberg kommt.
Who even would do such a thing
The Austrian government didn't guarantee anything.
Same here
He was ousted by the German Austrians themselves in 1848 because he was so hated
Hochdeutsch btw, is only used in official settings.
It's separated from the rest of western europe by the pyrenees
I wonder if they'll end up extending "historical Chinese territory" to anything China or the Mongols ever controlled
Well I wouldn't. Maybe it's a regional thing
In Italy
I can confirm
English speaking cinemas in Vienna usually are pretty filled, and most cinemas show some blockbusters with OV.
Germany
" or something like this on one of the churches, but other than that: no
Ah, okay
I'm thinking alcohol
We're not too different after all, are we?
Their purpose is to make money
Using honorary titles instead of "real" ones is seen as petty, I'd say.
it was always the fault of Vienna/Budapest
Mainly yes
Not really
basically if everything in the recipe is listed in cups, he can grab a random cup.
But wouldn't it be easier to visit the royal palace - also the inside - once you throw out your royal family?
Get rid of all EU politicians and actually save money so ppl can invest it in something usefull instead of this useless merkel and macron plagued institution
I saw the 6 DVD Box of Österreich 1 for 30€ at Thalia ,recently, I didn't hesitate
A video (they didn't know they were filming it) showed him trying to sell our country to Russia
For most people I would say one of the only unpeeled potato dishes is a jacket potato.
I had cooking lessons in gymnasium
Because zero tolerance policies are not popular or realistic at all
My fascination of the interconnectedness of all of our history is so much greater than that for single, constructed frames of place or time
Prague Residents throwing molotov cocktails at soviet tanks during the 1968 invasion of Czechoslovakia
The student ticket also includes Lower Austria and Burgenland making it possible to go to a school in Lower Austria or Burgenland
I love it
Do you also feel so left out right now (just like me)?
Many would say Germany, but a 100% no
Me and my mum just smirked at each other and wished her a good day in German
Haha
The problem is that all the parties that focus on climate change are extremely opposed to nuclear reactors of any kind
I don't think this is something we should tolerate, but hey, I'm probably too well educated to grasp that thought.
When Cyril and Methodius were both Greek
But these countries are far away from home.
It really depends who you are talking to
So to put it more succinctly Yugoslavia was a "multinational" state but oversaw the attempt to homogenize the southern slavic peoples into one ethnos
Depends: alive or dead
No the point of the roaming legislation was to let people use their smartphones outside of their home country.
But generally they will likely rule in favor of the defendant if it was defense against bodily harm
But the French sieged it during the 5rh coalition war until the ceasefire of Znaim happened and the fortress has to be given up
\- e (no real german translation, similar to "ohnehin") meaning something like "anyway", but not exactly
It would be run by the majority of people living their and paying taxes, instead of being run by a minority of ultra-conservative farmers.
If it's a longer way they take the bus
I don't really care personally even though I don't see us as Germans either
Not rich but we are talking about a salary of about 5000-6000€/month (or the equivalent in Schilling, even though my Dad never disclosed how much he earned to me or my sister), but still pretty high above average and always enough to go on vacation once a year, that I had a (used) car when I turned 18 and stuff like this
Yeah, if I remember right it's a thing in Austria, Slovenia, South Tyrol and some parts of Croatia (those are really goofy looking).
I probably could live/move there, but in general I'd treat it similar to moving to the UAE/Saudi Arabia/China/Iran/Japan
Having dialects in my language is so basic to me that I‘m more surprised if a language _doesn‘t_ have big differences between regions
Many of the decisions in top sports feel very strange to me and i wonder what my tipping point will be to lose the last bit of interest
There is simply not that much money for great architecture available, at least from the government - there are all for cheap housing (which is important too)
Could you specify why exactly you can't vote?
We have parking lots at more frequented places, but in general if you want to go for a walk in the forest or in the mountains you can just leave your car on the side of the road
*surprised Pikachu face*
Here we say "Stoffsackerl" and I think that's beautiful
As such, it has a strong "austro-hungarian empire" undertone, because it was used back then when you'd talk about the area (like "Böhmen and Mähren"), and not the country
It's still not a real name though
They do their job as passive reflectors, but they'll never be a substitute for an actual transceiver on the 457kHz rescue frequency
are "shaken up" and isolate better if dried in such a drier.
A lot of their members have ties to far right organisations, for example one organisation Hofer is or was part of doesn't recognize Austria as a country and sees it as part of Germany
In my eyes such a high speed network (which I absolutely support) should evenly connect all countries of the Union
> I have a few weeks of confusion ahead
Choose whatever you'd be comfortable with!
There are no stray dogs in Austria afaik
I don’t care what you or anyone else drinks, and I don’t have to because I’m not drinking it
Still barbaric
Oberlaa Sacher torte (the big one)
Ich lerne X.
They hated Obama more than they feared Putin.
Which was hilarious
It was about the beer and the coworkers, not alcohol
Maybe not so much in the cities, but in villages traditional architecture varies a lot already in the form of the village - just talking about 2 of our 9 federal states, Lower- and Upper Austria: In the east we have [ribbon-built villages] where the dwelling house was in the front, than stables along one side and the big door to the back alley.
The witch puts Rapunzel into the tower, because she is such a beautiful child
Its a gift to be Austrian and I cherish it as such, but I won't take pride in receiving a gift.
There is a common saying, "Wien ist anders", which is used most of the time to swipe away how absurd Vienna actually is
Now the Socialdemocrats are protesting
My mom still has one like that and it's still valid until 2033
What does bother me though is people saying English is such an easy language
" would be a rhetorical question as a response to your group (that keeps asking you "Could you do X for us
I wish I could forget St
I loved that show as a kid, although I loved the one taking place in space/the future even more.
Well how about you and that terrorism go back where you came from and build a proper society that isn't constantly falling appart due to religious denominations?
Your extreme right murders people
> Immediately, the hussars and infantry engaged in combat with one another
In Austria, they usually stop for pedestrians to cross
high budget: probably good "dubbing" -> german
Prague Residents throwing molotov cocktails at soviet tanks during the 1968 invasion of Czechoslovakia
The interesting part is of this is, that us Austrians often don´t even know that a word is not used in "German German". For example: We use "Jänner" for "Januar". My ex-gf is from Hannover and she needed some time to adapt to certain words that are just normal for us here
Aber ich mag auch keine Salzstangerln
But the French sieged it during the 5rh coalition war until the ceasefire of Znaim happened and the fortress has to be given up
6-7 too, don't remember well
A very deadly trap
I agree it won't be the end of the internet
**Vienna**: Stuck up and arrogant pricks who can't drive and think of the rest of the country as some backwards hellhole
Isn't the polish economy like on the top of their game or something right now?
If you do, I'd give you these advices concerning the loan:
Luckily there were two other teachers present to which I complained about this showing them the notes of the three best students in class I borrowed
Because it's our first attempt.
Blühende Landschaften voller brauner Blumen more like it
Say whatever you want
**Styria**: Pumkin-seed oil addicted people who think Graz is a city
Pospischil
They cant get laws through our parliament like a normal government can
Yea that's still rather common unfortunately
Outside of fries I don't really eat potatoes
Good times
The age requirements strangly differ a little in the motorcycle part...
Even just the standard Germany-German dialect (which a lot of Germans claim to be no dialect but "proper" German) sounds overly formal and slightly rude to a lot of Austrians
Graphs like this are useless without knowing whether testing has increased at the same pace as confirmed cases or not
Reminds me in this
And of course it's a crime to put it on Schnitzel
Heil describes a state of absolute completeness, health, happiness, well-being and redemption/salvation
(The little bit that I eat anyways, can be drunk instead)
I had to learn it for four years and it was always a nightmare for me with its declinations.
High schools are closed
Pölten is also pretty well forgotten
Learn your own effin' language, dammit
And yes the Eu would be far better off if member states had less power.
Interestingly, last elections introduced another party to the parliament called NEOS (
Same with "Wienerisch", "Steyrisch", "Kärntnerisch" or in Germany "Fränkisch", "Sächsisch",..
Same stuff they do to other rogue states like Russia or Iran.
The friend is not the brightest tool in the shed, and my girlfriend is rather short-tempered sometimes
Why would you even compare colloquial British English and American English with colloquial German dialects?
Also 69th comment
The food is more popular than the rest, yes; some people even regularly go to Ikea just to eat
Everybody loves Kurz for some reason, only the left hates him, or at least doesn't like him, and everybody else is unknown and/or irrelevant
Basically [free market capitalism]
Haven't used facebook in years so it's not like I'd care lol
There will probably never be a single railway system in Europe
Come on Iran, everybody knows that devils and fiends have horns
For me it's confusing, that snabel is a trunk xD
I guess when this type of sausage made its way back to Germany it came from Vienna, hence called Wiener there (or Wienerli in Switzerland)
While certainly an option, definitely not a popular one.
** that means having to drive no less than 30 minutes to go somewhere where there's no people, just nature
". ;-)
My friends and I still do that today lmao
As an austrian I feel like Farage had no real influence during the campaign here.
To clarify: This doesn't mean it's a suitable replacement for a suit or dress
I really enjoyed reading most of them
Lebtog bedeutet das ganze Leben lang
No skin on the fish is a great loss, my condolenses
Yes but they managed to mirror the whole image because they used a picture as a reference
Das heißt 'Gib mir Lineal bitte
/s ^^^^not ^^^^really
Austrians will often stress that Bavaria is different to the rest of Germany, maybe because it is culturally same same but different
And I understand it must be difficult to think that your own grandfather could have been one of them
Over here, eating dinner before 18:00 is only done if you're in a hospital or below 5 years old
Locals as in not the staff at the hotels, they're often paid to recommend certain restaurants
Sauce: late night [wikipedia] scrolling
> In 2008, [Karl Schwarzenberg] (Czech minister of foreign affairs) and [Jiri Grusa] who has acted as Czech ambassador and as director of the [Diplomatic Academy in Vienna] shared the opinion that Austrians and Czechs are of different language, but of "the same nation", the same character
Browsing some websites of companies gives the same impression, I don't see any single-direction ones
You can do some excel spreadsheets yourself to figure out the exact numbers, but, for example, you could compare 12x 300 euros with 1x 600 euros and 1x 3600 euros at an expected growth of 10% and a fixed fee of 4.9 euros.
Well if I had to pick one I'd say latvia, but it's more me not knowing much about the country and it's history than the country itself being uninteresting, i feel like it's just overshadowed in a way by it's two baltic neighbours as well
I understand what you mean, but  the Holy Roman Emperor sat in Prague for a while as well for instance
Guess you're referring to the brown age
And misery
so basically it’s fibercables to the building door and then it’s „screw you, we will lay copper wires to your appartement, because it’s fun“
One of the best things in Austria is that schools have the Autonomy to try out various systems of education
there would be quite a lot of european politicians (or xinping) ahead of putin.
They did this in occupied areas and in the homeland
In Austria it's a lot of nonsensical stuff that doesn't have direct translations, but also a lot of religious and animal insults
It's not because it most often leads to a complete dismissal of the point even if there are kernels of truth in it.
I wish it was more common to openly state your intentions when you are on a date/getting to know someone, because I think this would solve many, many problems people have today
Back in 2010 when the exchange rate of Euro to Rubel was about 1:30 I was in Moscow for a week for a student exchange program.
I often also just say „Fuck it“ and use Denglisch when I‘m lazy enough (Denglisch = German and English at the same time [my german-speakers please don’t kill me])
I care what's better for me
It's still fairly commonly used
"Zo ne grote vuurball, Jonge
But don‘t limit yourself to chicken wings, Romania has a lot of other good things to offer ;)
Admittedly after checking again, Bavarian seems somewhat more likely
There is no need to paint Putin as anything, he is bad enough
You want that doctors have open on sundays so that its more convenient for you, why should they sacrifice their sunday if you don't want to, same with all the other services that are open on Sunday
H.C. was impeached (I guess you'd call it) and new elections were held in September
She speaks German, teaches English, sometimes drops some words in Spanish, and most importantly, has a little monkey friend
Also, I'm rarely in eastern Austria but visit south Tyrol quite frequently.
;-)
The less legal guns there are the less illegal guns there will be.
- Suriname
>cortisol metabolism has been shown to adapt by only 2 minutes instead of 60 minutes
Child workers in coal mines once were legal just as well
In real numbers he's about 100
"Our massively outdated military will easily keep Germany at bay
making it sound like it is a problem or something
> the only other time i can think of where austria was in a big movie was in mission impossible
People wonder why Poland is not taken for serious
Aber ich kann auch nur das beurteilen, das ich kenne
Damn, it seems like developers aren't even building small apartments 'cause if you can afford to buy one, you can also afford to buy an expensive one
The two most important steps in the recipe are to let the bread dough soak for half an hour, and to not boil the heck out of the dumplings but just simmer them
Also, Bosnia was essentially a colony, even if it wasn't *really* a colony
You just have to be born in the US and you are a citizen.
It\`s sometimes seen in the countryside but I have never seen one in the city I live
And getting a weapon pointed at you like that would be enough reason to get the police involved, and the pointer getting in trouble, even when it's on their property
However it is very unlikely that anything is still going to change
someone will blame the evil west.
If you really have to do a tour like that, take one of those electric cars in an old timey look, it's virtually the same, or take a hop-on-hop-off double-decker bus
with the teacher, but we hadn't it every day
Funny how many countries claim the telephone
Vienna would actually become bearable
Standard MO: They enter a enclosure with a dog on a leash, come close to a Mother who has calved
Soon with the power of sect and urban planning Vienna will swallow Pressburg and Slovakia as a whole
In border cities
You need to watch more Karambolage
Why is someone insane, who tries to enhance the chance that his genes survive?
But yeah, it's obviously not the birds fault
Linz: Heavy industry, steel etc
Not even textbooks
Our 'neutrality' is almost part of our national identity.
"Right at the top of the hill"
Austrian here
Not using genetive in written academic German just sounds terrible and wrong
Lol, Monaco, glitzy city between Moldova and Bulgaria
At least thats how it is in Austria
Yes maybe not all right wing politicians are like this, but in the last years we see a rise of these politicians and their supporters
Mentality and culture wise countries or regions that used to be part of the Empire are usually also closer than a lot of Austrians realize (often even closer than Germans), the language barrier is real though
Wikipedia says it's 8,2 million
It nearly seems to me that your skiers are more popular in Austria than in Norway.
Well, there may be European equivalents as well in some countries, but I think the situation isn't as complicated as in the US.
Time for a revolution
2) Boil the potatoes until soft and mash them
I doubt you'll have a EU election again, considering the next one's in 2019...
While there is more media available in English these days, people's everyday conversations are still in the countries' languages, as is TV, school, all the laws, etc
"Well, you kids always made fun about the moor
They heard "pfiat di" and thought it was the alpine version of "fick dich", thinking people just casually insulted each other as a goodbye
We're sharing borders with 8 countries, which is the closest
* in line at the airport
After the war he lost his work permit and lived in poverty with his family
* 24% Our land best land
I hate it when they pronounce the word "Palatschinken" like this "Palat-Schinken". That´s not at all how this is pronounced here
The Styrian town "Judenburg" (Jew's Borough) has only one Jew left (afaik), and that's the one in their [Coat of Arms] The others were killed, converted or expulsed in the 14th and 15th centuries
I'll never forget Jessica Lange completely butchering it in American Horror Story: Freak Show
Although the spelling of Volapük is not correct on the map, ‘volapyk’ is definitely wrong in English
More worrisome is they have no details nor any measurements planed, especially when the flu and common cold season is here again I guess there will be panic reaction from our politicians
Nach dem Krieg, und das muss man beiden Parteien hoch anrechnen, haben sie sich dann gemeinsam gegen die Besatzung gestellt
Raisin buns are much better
Since the Budapest-Ljubljana train seems to be sub par, you could go back and through Vienna.
Rather take a train ( see www.seat61.com for info, book well in advance for the Eurostar to London).
Also he's part of the conservative party, wich is also disliked by many
I think Spanish, Mandarin, Cantonese, Arabic, French, Portuguese, Hindustani, and maybe Swahili are roughly on a similar level regarding usefulness
Old and cosy, yet so much inside
Mayer | FPÖ | 442 | abstained
Aber ich kann auch nur das beurteilen, das ich kenne
I also like JanaKlar
And let's be fair, most minorities in the early 20th century had fair reason to separate from their respective countries
us logic, parties are condensed to their respective leaders, the actual political movement gets sidelined
Chilly  0
I want to add that, no matter how much our politicians may fuck it all up, and even IF the EU would fall, NEVER EVER would I raise a weapon against anyone of you.
Kinderpunsch tastes way better than actual Glühwein
>I've yet to encounter anyone taking the choice of words serious enough outside of outrage articles
Just another casual war where the us got its ass kicked
&#x200B;
Salaries might my lower than in Germany, but public services are very good.
When I started smoking at 13 I never had problems buying cigarettes
Linz isn't that far away from Czechia, so it should be fairly easy to get it to Czechia
Because when mozart was born Salzburg (his birthplace) was not with "Austria". Salzburg was its own archdiocese
About "can" - a lot of people actually can live (for a while) in the USA, but relatively few choose to
...what would be cool though is if there would be a cooking related sub, thats not 99% American
Let's talk about celery, root or stalks?
There is simply no need for them
Isn’t this exactly what they wanted
I can‘t imagine not traveling anywhere and maybe hearing war planes fly over your house/country and being scared that they might come for you this time
Well, you wouldn't find them like that in Western Europe.
Foreign minister Figl [presenting the freshly signed state treaty] from the balcony of the Belvedere palace in 1955
> I listened to them in the early 2000s with songs like "bon voyage" and more or less skipped everything until I stumbled upon their recent work
And not a single one in the west where I live
Viennese definitely aren't.
But that would basically just be East vs
Also "ministry of the countries defense". Makes sense since we're neutral and don't do offense
If he had mentioned that Berlin was *behind* the iron curtain, that some small parts of it belonged to the west because of symbolism and that the Berlin Wall worked like a medieval city wall I would have caught on a lot earlier
It's common in Austria too
Hell, we even trade with the US
If you are writing it from Richard's view, it was preeeetty dumb
If it wouldn't be for his name, you would never guess he is of Turkish heritage
Arrested
I once was in the Alhambra in Granada with some friends, on the 12th of October (national holiday in Spain)
Can't even speak the dialect named after your state properly, unbelievable :p
Außerdem isch es alm no gfiarig im dialekt zschreibn, nachad vaschteats ins nitta.
> it's just that they were young and fearless
I think its completely fair that the Scottish vote on this given the threshold they move towards.
et voila
It's the sum of all ski world cup points by each nation.
The family who owns it, is from downtown Naples, and the father was a Carabinieri there for 30 years, and they barely speak anything other than Neapolitan
Believe us, if we say that we are not Germans, we mean that, and we know the history behind it
I am already downloading a vpn
In the end, an argument about who has the right to raise his flag on the tower of Akkon resulted in a new defensive wall for Vienna and 2 new cities being founded in Austria
Thanks for sharing that
Also it was France&Britan that toppled the Shah with Khomeini (who lived in France) because he stood up for Iran
Sounds cool can you share it
Thats why for first time you see him going on campaigning like this.
If I didn't forget anything
If you know Spanish, you'll have an easy time understanding it on a basic level
Anastasia was a Fox movie, not Disney
* Irmgard Griss, former judge, running as an independent
Got a tetanus shot the next day from my the local doc and a better bandage
There is a third meaning that is implied as well
Yes, how
The Kingdoms and Lands Represented in the Imperial Council and the Lands of the Crown of Saint Stephen?
Me too/so do I.
Similar story for Wiener Neustadt, it was Neustadt for several centuries before they decided the name had to become less generic
According to kill count: Ticks, wasps & company, parasites, dogs, cows
Is this an authentic [video]
- It's flat as fuck (highest elevation 800m)
There's a common name in Austria that comes from Hungary called Horvath
We love using this word to throw off foreigners
Gotta push those feels over reals amirite?
The proof is in the pudding as they say, your comment and all the others will probably be readable still when the world realizes how Biden actually is
Not every city has decent bike paths
Its subtle but extremely effective manipulation
I can't help it, this prejudice is so deep inside of me
...nothing in particular, I guess
Have you ever been to Berlin
Best trips around the time when I finished school were to the czech republic
No real fringe views, he's a very moderate left
this *always* comes up; yet in reality, Burma uses its own system, and Liberia just doesn't have a nationally defined standard (yet has strong economic ties to imperial-using countries, therefore that system is often used, among others)
Vienna
Suitia	FI
> They got it back but I don’t know if they paid for it
I can remember some trips with music class to concerts and one to the opera, but that was only some hours and I wouldn't consider it field trips
There's theories, but ultimately, no one knows
Brexit maybe, van der Bellen and his people played the Hofer = Öxit card very hard.
Idk how the wide countryside of Austria is still alive because it seems like nobody moves there, country people just suddenly exist, but it is
And if I were to ever pick up Polish again (I tried learning it for like 4 times but I‘m at the point were every other language I learned/tried to learn, Korean included, is easier to understand for me than Polish so yeah
by god why doesn't she just get a wheelbarrow bike
You should really check your circulation if that's the case
i'm aware that he couldn't have gotten the gun via legal means, but if the laws were stricter it would get harder to get one illegally too.
* taking the citizenship away from terrorists
it seems it's time for another coffee for me...
Depends on the tank but a well placed one can fry the engine coolers and make it overheat
>Also textbook Whataboutism
Didn't know that was the case for Germany - but I have been to Paris a few month ago.
And it’s worse with the dialect: „Featig oda ned, i kum
Let's hope the next coup works.
Proper fur lined winter coat
Exactly the same shit was rushed through the Austrian parliament recently, with the same arguments: "It enables people to work more hours if they want to, VOLUNTARILY
and of course fucking idiots on the news subs are using this to push their racist agenda wtf
>and with no children as citizens
We just added the well but did not drop the rock
But since last year Street View cars have been driving through Austria
Is it the eastern part of Bavaria (the settlement area of the [Baiuvarii] tribe) or the eastern part of the [Frankish Empire] which existed before and/or roughly around the time Austria was first mentioned by name, or was it something else entirely
English has very little grammar and like 50% French and 50% German vocabulary.
Beggars with really weird body deformities
france and germany against the rest
Been living in Vienna for 5 years now
I swear, there is no possible way to scan all product throwing items over the counter this quickly
Not very common, but my great-grandmother had this recipe, which is still getting used:
Old bases either are continued to be used, or are left abandoned
and what your take on it is
(I‘m thinking of a certain conversation I had: „Hey, what do you call this
3 turnout in 2016,
And no, I am not Viennese
" / "That's sausage to me
"Austria" and "Italy" should be a thing for the past
That *after* the Anschluss, when Austria was a functionally fully part of Nazi Germany, many Austrians gleefully took part in WW2 Nazi crimes, is a whole other, separate can of worms
We had these people since the 1990ies.
It's not 1938 my friend, the reaction would be quite the opposite now
ahhh, da old country
A good day for the EU
"Meinetwegen" is probably the most formal
Better than making a fool of yourself
Most immigration is from EU countries, so most immigrants are here because they studied at home and got a better paying job in Austria.
Some more likely than others, but hey if you give me a plane ticket and a week off
For example, if you sit in a restaurant and some local comes in with a stranger and talks with him English the local is always way louder than all other people in the whole place, at least in Austria or Germany
Who needs a law for that
That the EU is behaving nationalistic
Tinder is quite common in Europe as well.
At least their money
I was obsessed with ancient egypt history back then, so it was an amazing trip, where I mostly pretended I was an archeologist xD
But they rather vote for the "smaller evil" than not at all
And shape the S like lightning!
vorarlberg wollte zur schweiz aber ihr wolltet sie nicht:
But unfortunately everyone ignored it
Additionally the child is not a bastard as long as it is born after the wedding
Obviously
Maybe
Having lived in Sweden, I agree that it is hard to do things with people spontaneously
Then what do you call a party that uses election posters with solgans like "Daham statt Islam" which translates to "(At) home instead of Islam"
voting for the new constitution
Thanks to the one aho made the graph and didnt put austria in it xD
That's definitely not an English-only problem
In the past decade I've seen so many ideas, some of which were even pretty good semi fleshed out policy proposals, to proactively address this point without forcing a major series of treaty renegotiations.
" - "that fits too
On the motorway, however, it can be a real pain in the ass, especially during peak travel times
it will start (or has started) simple with english words getting a meaning in german, which will get "eingedeutscht". since those words, which are obviously english, are now official german words, there will be more people who use other english words in a german sentence
They call reddit "lases", because reddit comes from "read it", so the German translation would be *lases*
i think he is just kind of parroting hillary supporters.
Austrialia
Some light hearted Belarus content
So people get confused
any linguistics 101 course will tell you that.
Probably not unique to our country:
Lots of people from many different countries have told me that "Omg German sounds harsh". Then after hearing me speak it (e.g. with my mom on the phone) usually they were surprised
My kid's school has got some, thankfully
The Man From U.N.C.L.E, Gaby Teller is a gril from the DDR
you have internet in Iceland
Be careful with the not dying
I get shit from other German speakers because of my dialect and from my international friends for my accent when speaking English
Edit: some moodsetting for the Mühlviertel
Even if we allow that some countries have tolls and others don't and some have them for some highways only, and the prices will be different too, there should be a uniform electronic system for billing
One of my grandmothers used to replace the pit with a bit of marzipan
Which, funny enough, is something that Germans tend to do
But it's an easier sell that way.
Well Portugal got its feathers ruffled too and only qualified as 3rd for the Knock Out Round but they went on to win the Title
Is it because he "ended" the HRR
Well ,if there is one foreign movie that does NOT portray my county by any means: The sound of music
Same here
I like [the badge of the team I support] because it's so simple
However even for the latter the ministry almost never ceases the right of property to local municipalities for further development
A lot of them are still going to drop out anyways because apparently it is not enough to be a candidate, you also need support by one of the 2 only relevant parties in the USA.
The group of Erdogan supporters in Austria does exactly that, too.
Heast
Same with saying goodbye, you also use 2 different words to say goodbye.
Also in the worst case you can just pack your things and make camp in the 17th bundesland
> squashing force of a knife
It's always better to split power so that both bodies can control each other
for English, scroll down to find flag symbols for lots of other languages
This is independent of the date, these trains generally seem to be unacessible for the booking systems of other train operators.
Please fix czechias railway first
We used to have it, but it was removed in the 80s or 90s I think
Burgenland is like a Hungary where tax money is spent on infrastructure, schools and healthcare
Hofer, Merkur and Spar are better
I will call the police if you knock again
It's original name was Spekulation and is based like Monopoly on the landlords game
Like getting robbed by a german speaking person
Along with the anti-LGBT stuff (two of our three biggest political parties are against LGBT-marriage (I think it only has been made legal recently, like 2018
Kirche am Steinhof (Church)
Though, switzerland has good public transport and trains, so it also makes sense
Exactly what I'm always thinking.
a bit like the word handy, which is a loan word that means cell phone in german.
Although in German you would use a comma
And don't get me wrong, Lake Constance is nice and all, but an ocean it ain't.
(As in, all of Europe)
All highly successful people who hate their department.
Germanys highways are still free to go.
Wow, would never have thought that for a western european country
Excessive lighting is called "Festbeleuchtung" in my household (Festival lighting) but idk if it's austrian, my mom grew up in east germany
^/s
Landscape wise it's basically Austria on steroids
Yeah, we never were in a KZ
7) Fish them out, let them dry for a bit, then put into the pan with the bread crumbs and coat thoroughly
But THE oktoberfest is a lasting experience i wouldnt miss
For the life of me I can't remember where I read that, but there was a statistic what country's anthems focus on and it was like:
Since before 1918 it was Austria-Hungary which consisted of several other states as well like the czech republic and slovakia
Still miles away from actually being a european country imho
And i think either arab or maori, also just because i like the languages
Congratulations that the water only goes up to your chin instead of the upper lip but you could still be on dry land.
Never seen an Austrian ID in real life before
I will go to get food right away")
> San Sebastian
Of course that's not entirely true
I don't know about Italy, but in Austria he is/was **hugely** popular
If you post, where you want to go to, somebody might be able to tell you the best train connection.
then why would we feed this broken pyramid scheme with more people from abroad when it's going to fail eventually?
By train: Nothing happens at all
What are all the Dutch doing in Serbia?
Nothing changed, but for Van der Bellen, she would have been a problem.
Took them another few centuries before they dropped the ducal facade and just declared Austria an Empire by itself so they could keep that title too
Before the 2004 enlargement some rightwingers tried to spread fear of the "masses comming over and taking all our jobs" - but the transitional restrictions helped keeping those at bay, and afterwards people saw that those mass migration isn't happening.
Because its just a "temporary" government
Team Mira Lobe
I know in the north is a bit different
Not the one you ask, but as an Austrian myself, I find that many people around here think quite fondly of Arnie
~~even worse~~ equally sensible
I would also like to note that an actual unified EU military might not even be possible, considering the neutral states that are part of the EU.
Well there's the Ibizia-Video, literally everything in there qualifies
„Nehmen Sie das sofort herunter
Imagine a point when those soulless programs annoy the hell out of you
...people are still gathering every March for the "Brexit"-Festivities
LOL, I can guarantee then that it was not the tap water that made your brother sick
[Article] (in German)
I'm sure there are people who want them "back" especially in (North and East) Tyrol.
Yeah, usually utility closet doesn't count as well
As an Austrian I'm able to read Dutch, although its hard sometimes
Those four
They share the language with their bigger neighbour, their culture might be related, but there are some profound differences that seem minor from the outside, but are a big part of the identity
The best one is Nitrogen - Stickstoff -  suffocate substance
Plenty of day left after sundown
The key to drugs is to regulate the usage
Though I'm not sure what the intention is
Yes, but when you order a "Mineral" you will get a sparkling water by default
I'm coming
Not the Republicans, Trump did.
As the crises spread interest rates for for the PIGS (Portugal, Italy, Greece, Spain) began to rise but through the Euro these countries had no way of helping their economy by for example devaluing their currency
I was in the Salzbergwerk Hallein and would go there any day if I had the chance
I‘m really not sure, but ever since I got to do it like twice or thrice I‘ve never seen,m or heard of it again and since I was young it slowly vanished from my memory
I can't think of anything than Petrol which is cheaper here than in Germany
you put a bit of jam on each bite of your schnitzel with your knife
Aren't there a few regions in Germany were they never put an article in front of a name
I keep eggs and milk in the fridge
At some point the railway got obsolete and was replaced by a cycling path, but the land remained belgium
e.g. Aal (eel), Aas (carrion) or Paar (pair)
Any nuance gets drowned in a sea of generalizations.
Most of the things described in the article don't apply when comparing English and German.
It will be the talk of town for 4 years until the next Blochziehen comes along
Yeah, sorry, that's what I meant
He always talks about the *Permafrostboden* up there
The native speaker's perspective will almost always say "it's pronounced the same way it's written...maybe with some exceptions".
In what way is it misleading
No, they taught us that in the 1980s ... too bad I don't have my old books anymore, I guess they would be a hoot for you guys
At least both my grandparents
Never understood that either
Vienna is different though
House: pretty much nothing
Now his plans are to limit demonstrations to certain areas, not allowing "fun demonstrations", etc.
I read that as "morning wood" and was ready to compliment your liberal attitude
>This isn't a comparative issue, btw
There is absolutely no proof for this claim.
In Austria it's illegal to bear an aristocratic name.
* Rudolf Hundstorfer, from the social democratic SPÖ
"For my vacation I have to Italy, the country of Romans where the sun is shining and the lemons bloom gone
I thought it were some random lines.
That won't work the more East you go in Austria and in Vienna the Kindergarden needs a picture and name of the people allowed to pick up a kid
That's the EU, the best place in the world to be and the perfect place to actually live democracy.
Elm, Andratx, the Tramuntana mountains
and the swiss invented that, not the french afaik.
cause quite a few angry people honking at us because we just started walking
Words, pronounciation, grammar, literally everything you can mess up
Of course it has
I've seen a few documentaries about how they treat/brainwash/imprison their followers and how they attack their critics using their own intel service [OSA]
" (= "oh god")
We should still be able to get out of our group, but everything more would be a huge surprise to me tbh
It's quite easy to differentiate between an Austrian and a German when they are speaking English.
So I do unterstand that there are gay people, who are religious and do want do be part of THIS KIND of church.
Interestingly native speakers of any language think that their native language is incredibly difficult.
It looks like the logo of a medium sized regional shipping company, owned by a guy named Laszlo
I actually see no downsides to living here and don’t understand the people who prefer living on the countryside for reasons other than medical ones (too much stress or noise in the city, maybe bad air quality or smth like that)
I think there's even a story about an Austrian and a Russian diplomat having a drinking competition and because the Austrian won, Austria soon got its freedom, but I don't know how much of it is true
Seems what people actually want is not a good teacher, but a tall blonde clown to make your school feel cultured and worldly
Wild west does not work if you need to agree on frequencies.
I mean I'm sure they do exist, but I guess they're mostly along the border to Eastern European countries, and I imagine them to be smoky and sad places and closely linked to prostitution, and not something that you'd just go to with the guys to be manly
Haha the comment I looked for
But the 'English' R is being used in German speaking regions.
Damn, universalmuseum joanneum is the biggest in Austria AND Central Europe
I can't remember being discussed a lot in public about it
Never went anywhere without a native speaker after that
After being surrounded by a British unit he surrendered and became a POW
Scarcity of resources is just going to provide the reasons for conflicts and since war simply doesn't work anymore something else will have to take its place.
Especially the more technological affinity the people judging you have (looking at you, HTLs)
In gymnasium/highschool (ages 10-18) we are given the key to one at the beginning of the year
Their stories appear to be well sourced.
Just one dish explains it: Deep fried Mars bars
What about your supreme leader
Doesn't help at all that it goes on for like two years each time
It's like a rivalry on the same level
Some people joke about giving back Burgenland to Hungary
lol thx for the head cinema of you sitting at the table choking on your food whilst there is a window next to you where we see zombies murdering everyone..
Disney Princess**** is an [actual franchise] after all, which is why Moana and Pocahontas get to be princesses even though they're not royalty, and why Elsa from *Frozen* actually isn't a Disney princess despite being a princess and in a Disney movie
It's in my personal opinion and I mean this without any offense, the most elegant and melodic of the languages I've crossed paths with
Why make a wonderful crispy schnitzel just to make a soggy mess out of it by pooring sauce over it
Hers seems to be designed for oompa-loompas
Examples of comedy coming from absurd/ dark stuff played straight:
The curriculum is not truly enforced
so Djibouti
Another favourite of mine is also "Fachchinesisch" "field chinese" when someone is talking about rather complicated stuff from a specific (technical) field
you can now also say that if a company hiring a male over a female they are more careful and never official say that the decision was because of the gender and not qualification
Tragé el baso al lavabajías y me comí una zanaória y un calabacin con letxe
I guess the pension fund is made up mostly of low-risk investments like bonds (this would fit the low interest rate).
i have no idea for my country, but for germany i nominate Paraworld
Maybe an atomic fusion reactor
We also should not forget the resistance in the Ministry of Internal Affairs which has now a long black tradition and suddenly was colored blue
In many parts of bureaucracy you are getting things done much quicker if you have friends; or get public fundings or public contracts because you have friends
I would say, they do because they don't have any idea about German politics.
I suggest a quick google search if you want to take a look at some examples, you will find hundreds of lists
The OP can look back to the situation, now that it's over for him/her country.
We have high standards in medicine, social security and labour rights (way above EU minimum standards)
They often get confused with ech other
Or, just because I'm guessing you're speaking Italian, you might be interested in this [alternative version with latin lyrics] with the Italian down in the comment
Well, at least the northern part of that island seems to think different
Open discussion of ideas: Go fuck yourself you [opposite side label here] bigot
"Tuxedo" comes from American English IIRC
That bat is awesome
While I am probably still capable of ordering ball bearings with a business letter, my spoken Italian unfortunatly rusted over time to the point where I can order a bistecca at a restaurant
If you like Leberkäse, then go to Leberkas Pepi in Vienna, afaik he has them
Not surprising when the news reports about "fully semi automatic" weapons
Its easier than you think
I like that movie
Liechtenstien
Cashiers use them for change money
Takes about 2,5h, a car is not neccessary.
It was really funny moment as he had portraid himself as a laid back bohemian up until then
Unless there is a flood or other natural desasters.
Switzerland = Schweiz (here it's vice versa lol)
and Gabalier is also hounting the German media now...
They are still projected to gain, so I'm not holding my breath
In the 9th grade you had to choose an additional language.
(usually the closest post office) :∆
Edit: I noticed I started the two replies in the exact same way lol
I don't know of any serious attempt to bring back death penalty in EU countries.
According to Ferrero they create slightly different variations for different countries because the preferred tastes are a bit different.
Austria ‚conquered‘ huge territories and partnered up with many powerful allies by marrying family into royal houses throughout the world since the late middle ages
One of my best friends is lesbian and autistic while in Poland
Edit: spelling
There isn't and there's nothing old fashioned about the word
* F steht für Freunde die was unternehmen -> F is for Friends who do things together
(last election: 13,9%, 26/183 seats)
He is talking about public opinion .
i am **so** ready for one of those emergencies!
Damn, singling out Germans at the airport and detaining them for an hour.
As Austrian, I can agree that being called german is often fairly annoying
Yeah, they are a special bunch.
Die mag ich ehrlich gesagt auch nicht so sehr
**Liechtenstein:** I don't don't know what to thank for, but you're cool
And tbh, you kinda have to do it when you're a tourist
Yeah, of course, is that too complicated for you
* [Oldtown of Graz]
Burgenland, the combo breaker smh
Our destinctive dialetcs in Austria seem to fade because of the german media that overwhelms us
We probably disagree on what a "good bread" is, but apart from that TIL I am half french
In Austria, we use 'Sackerl fürs Gackerl' for the bags to pick up dog-"waste". It literally means 'baggie for the shittie', and non-Austrian German speakers will burst into laughter here
^^pro ^^= ^^for ^^censorship, ^^contra ^^= ^^against
Wasn't there a bus on the bridge when it collapsed that was repaired and used again
To be fair, the main roads in Moldova are large enough for the usual traffic (at least from what I was able to observe on my visits there).
Even in Germany you have different names in different regions, afaik, but here the only correct name is Krapfen.
There are variants that do contain cheese but they are called Käsleberkäse (cheeslivercheese)
Before me, behind me, left, right doesn't count
Unless they are technically fraud, libel, or are specifically outlawed like holocaust denial, you can lie your ass off all you want.
I am not a statistician, but I also believe that Trump's victory contributed.
Icelandic plates in rural Austria was really weird
(I'm not sure if it's entirely correct, if people change countries and it only gets edited in the list i don't check again since it would be too much, I only keep adding new ones, but it should be at least a good indicator)
Was never stolen or tampered with, but some services are rather creative and put them at my basement door which I don't use everyday so I find a suprise packaga after wondering why the Status ist delivered but nothing came
Don't you get that this is beneficial for everybody?
I’m barely on any german site or social media, so I don’t write in german often and at this point I understand english better than my native language
Some time last year I discovered that our national public service broadcaster (ORF) is providing news in [several languages] Mostly languages that were spoken in the former empire
Absolutely, SAS was (and sometimes still is) actually really fun when it was about things like that one american going to Ireland asking if he should bring snickers bars.
What
Last time I checked, Almdudler is not a liquor
(But I may be wrong)
The Oude Markt in Leuven and the Campus Arenberg because of my semester abroad at the KU Leuven
(and yeah, you really know how to trigger us Austrians
When I look out of the window and see the other side of the valley, where the sun shines a lot more, they don't have any snow
Well, people tried to not allow him that
I agree and it‘s very sad
All this during a foggy night combined with the crosses of the dead was pretty creepy
Nah, it shouldnt be dry
Most historical events are glossed over, sadly, and WWII is spoken about for far too long (to the point where at least half of the students don't even care about the topic, because they feel that they are being lectured at for something that is out of their control)
I think their program is rather self explanatory
It's basically the same in Austria.
when i was living and going to school on the countryside, and before the migrant crisis - very very rarely
A odd example would be Kings landing which was translated to Königsmund (literally kings mouth)
I find England to be very dull to visit, but I think that is because I have been many times and there is little new for me to see
Could very well be
Right-wing parties really are the same everywhere
It's sometimes jokingly referred to as 'ottacrime'
It was never part of the original Eidgenossenschaft.
Meh
Turkey
We got the rare earths down, but you got better gasses
The Gulf Stream is weird
Well, let's talk about Kosovo then
I remembered that greetin ment crying due to my exposure to glaswegians on the internet.
Probably slavic/hungarian influence.
I just checked, seems like Sweden is planning to make it illegal too.
J as in Jay
For 400K you can buy a small flat
) WW1 and that my moms family had to change their last name to something more „Austrian“ to get money or something like that (I think that‘s how I remember the story)
If you dare pour any kind of sauce onto Schnitzel or say Austria = Germany (we love our German neighbors, but the whole world thinks we‘re German just because our official language is German, so please refrain from that), consider yourself crucified
Well, that's a nice fucking palace
I mostly use maps for traffic related stuff (routes, public transport), and it seems to work very well in that area
Turkey never even came close to fullfilling the standard requirements for joining so noone in Turkey can possibly know that they would have been rejected anyway if they did.
Green by far, I like both but prefer black ones on my pizza
Do you have a Link to a report about it?
There is the [Schuhplattler] in Austria/Bavaria.
It's important to remember that turkey does in fact not own northern Cyprus, even if they like to act like they do
Just speak French and hope for everyone else to either speak it or just don't give a fuck that they don't understand you
Ugliest public transit stations.
Second Head of Parliament, a Christian Socialist, annulls vote
Nothing
I love it
All the scandinavian languages
It's much bigger than any other place here (over 1,5 Million inhabitants more than our second biggest city, Graz) and unlike most other bigger Austrian cities it's quite far away from the Alps
As someone living in said area, I would like to apologize
It's gotten more tourist-y over the years.
It starts on Karlsplatz
Europe on the other hand doesn't have real freedom of speech.
[Here's] the atmosphere at the  night race in Schladming every year
Eh woah
It was horrendous
Clearly that was a hostile takeover of the Deutsche demokratische Genossenschaft by the Bundesrepublik GmbH
We had a lot of bloody knuckles at that time
562,71 km2)[\[1\]] und 43,049 % der Wohnbevölkerung (3
> Doppelmayr
We are trading with Turkey and the Saudis and you dont give a shit
I'll be here for Liechtenstein
Becasue the Anglosphere combined has an incredible trade deficit?
Ja, ihr seid wirklich wo angrennt ;D
I mog a gscheids schnitzal ohne scheiß soß wies ses se in /r/germany aufe haun de koffern.
So I just happily mix
Austria does not control what happens in the rest of the EU and plenty is being done in Austria to the point where many austrians are worried that the powers given to authorities will be too strong going forward.
I believe here in Vienna even the bus drivers would be weirded out if you did that, but I guess I'll try it next time
oh, they do now
Sorry but that's for a rather niche group
In an earlier debate, he claimed to have gotten into a terror attack while visiting the temple mountain in Jerusalem during an official visit in the parliament of Israel
Here are two examples:
To be fair, it's hard to imagine a country where your living conditions are so bad that you go on a journey spanning over more than a thousand kilometers that might as well kill you and otherwise use up all the money you have.
Source: Vienna hospital official statement and reports from our most important TV channel
Dass es österreichische Nazigrößen gegeben hat, ist nicht die Schuld des ganzen Landes
>Maybe a Viennese thing
&#x200B;
Jörg Haider was the chairman of the freedom party back then.
[Antifreeze Wine]
My handwriting is so bad that it usually becomes an “e”
The flats are quite nice there, and it has a lot of open green space around and between and it's right next to a big park (Schweizergarten)
Yup, those streets never were on my way tho
Good Entertainment
Krankenhaus Nord in Vienna
I wouldn't say that it's just because it sounds "brutal" though
I had waitressing classes, as well as restaurant-level cooking, bookkeeping and economics
I, and many other people, still live there without any problems.
A fellow PhD
>And for Germany the next most fucked up thing
Fake eye contacts look very different and are smaller most of the time.
There was this motto "tu felix austria nube" which means something like: you happy austria, marry
Unfortunately, those are pretty expensive, so I would rather stay in Austria
but i will do my best to establish it, poland
Whining about Pence in Hamilton, whining about Saturday Night Live making a sketch on his costs.
The biggest scandal this year, the [Ibiza affair] which subsequently led to the dissolution of the government, was exceptional and a huge scandal and got exactly the international attention it deserved
At work it's still like 100% MS Outlook
Set up a public broadcaster that deserves that name and air quality political information.
Yes, the demographics were lopsided, but the result was quite clear
Me: yes that village is nearby but there is no mountain near us
A little late to the game, but here we go:
Maybe the expression has something to do with that
A empty lot of like 400m² to 500m².
We have a subject called "History and politics" but the politics part has been completely ignored
In my experience, the Germans like us a lot
I'd feel much more foreign in Hamburg than Prague for instance
Why do you think the UK is now arranging their trade agreement and not after they have leaved the EU...
Das sind regionale Unterschiede
There's a museum about it also
It's simple : there are no kangaroos in Austria ;)
They became a symbol of freedom and free love, because the church had no rule over them when they were in they mountains
what
)  (Attention is on the human)
Austria = Österreich (Eastern Realm)
Instead of side wheels
> Prison escape is not punishable by law in Germany
Thanks leader of germany in 1945 for killing hitler
We have a saying: "Wien ist anders" that literally translates to "Vienna is different"
Here in Austria the summer has been quite rainy and not very hot
"Slavic" that describes the "German" cultural sphere.
It's just an additional option
No problems at all recalling what they told me.
The only votes in there would be constant votes of non confidence against the new FPÖ govs members
Maybe a [Lipizzaner] horse
The Lower Austrian town of "Wiener Neustadt" (lit
Well, not even Hofers party FPÖ is aiming for an exit now, and he lost the second round 2.124.661 to 2.472.892 - or by 348.231 votes.
Joking about how miserable you are whilst actually really being hurt on the inside
Against Austria
I recon that summer wasnt normal for Finland, was it
Yeah I think Schuschnigg was a hard smoker and legend has it that Hitler once once inveted him to negotiations in the Berghof, where smoking was prohibited
Belarus - Weißrussland
Maybe the French and the Brits shouldn't have bombed the place to shit level to avoid those types showing up at their door step?
English has some German words too (Kindergarten, Gesundheit, Rucksack, Poltergeist, Blitzkrieg,...)
Ihr Recht geht vom Volk aus
and we don't know what weapons they have, we only know that the attacker shot by the police carried explosives
If you're not sure, ask right away
It's where Haydn worked, and his birth house is very close as well :) My mom works there, so I've pretty much grown up there
I have a couple of objections but I am not saying you are lying.
Bin Kärntner und mag fast alles, liebe fast jeden Käse, aber Glundner
Steirisch ia:
In only one day, my entire district (and some other neighbouring districs) was affected by blackouts, roadblocks, and potwntial avalanches
Whst century are you living in
We are Team Catholic since the release and we still have tons of folklore including the mentioned "Wasserman".
But whichever it is, it's always lots of brands (fake or real), and there's *always* (even with the best outfit) that one little detail which makes the whole thing completely over the top
What I learned about Spanish gastronomy, if a place looks a bit old or a bit shabby or cutre (given that it's not completely disgusting ofc), it might have better food than a super fancy polished place with lots of tourists (that is not *always* true, but often)
what do germans, austrians and brits have in common?
* Habe ich heute viele Bäume in Österreich gesehen
Never before has a campaign been operating with that kind of maliciousness, that Hofer and his supporters have shown.
Not German but close enough
Vienna isn't over 2 Mio inhabitants yet.
Es war ja doch nur eine Frage der Zeit, bis die zahlreichen deutschen NC-Flüchtlinge bei ihrer unweigerlichen Rückkehr in die Bundesrepublik unsere dem jahrhundertelang vorherrschenden altösterreichsichem Vielvölkergemisch entsprungenen kulinarischen Schätze in den hohen Norden mitbringen
My parents are from Romania and they always tell me this too
It hurt itself in its confusion
Yeah, you can't just buy a car like that.
Pölten is also a strong contender
That's not ugly — it's vintage.
Yeah we were guilty, but you can’t seriously blame Austria for Hitler being an Austrian
I hope that you can see the difference between France telling the UK and Ireland to fix a problem cause it will affect a member state and Britain telling Spain to fix a problem In which it has no discernible interest at all
At least that's where I feel the whole Ehrenmann thing is coming from, together with "Küss dein Auge" etc
What kind of hillbilly stuff it that, isn't France in the EU anymore
but on the other hand, the "city" itself is only a town with 20k inhabitants and probably fulfills more characteristics of a US suburb than of let's say NYC
That's mostly because I like being able to pay my bills and buy stuff.
And idk I like the concept of not dying
If I had to explain it, I'd say that being a bit late can feel like the more *dignified* thing to do
Chancellor Kurz just confirmed that the police officer is not dead but severely injured
I think every Germanic language has them
I grew up in the countryside and yes, quite a few people have dogs.
to give a bit of a different answer than most, I think it's totally fine
But their governments are aware of that as well.
Omg now that‘s cute
ORF does have its tvthek, but it might be geoblocking anyone that's not from Austria (haven't tried, but they are generally very weird about it, you can't get a card to decrypt the ORF satellite signal outside of Austria).
I...love you
Other than that I never really had contact to exchange students.
Looks cool from above, looks shit from everywhere else
Easy to hate him for a lot of things, but i liked him in "Knocking on heaven's door" (though that movie hugely benefitted from Jan Josef Liefers) and also "Der bewegte Mann".
Yeah but after that the desire for getting rid of the Habsburg subsided immensely
reminds me of the map Erlenberg in World of Tanks
No, because that's none of their business
...do monarchs just sit in the General Assembly
Now I know Sylvester Stallone isn't exactly a world class actor with a huge range, but that's just lazy
Hiking and eating a **Brettljausn** while looking over the alps.
later the doctor comes out "the good news - your wives are healthy, the bad news - we accidently mixed the babies".
"Kannst mir bitte das Salz geben"
I think it would probably be good for people living in any country to know the country's language, so they can communicate - for their sake
In upper Austrian dialect "Pfrundsblodschn" means both kite and dragon
If that was how a discussion started that would be something people could talk about.
"I have been to Germany once
Add waiting
Anyways, with the current result, FPTP voting of states weighed by population would also lead to the same end result.
No worries, MS is doing much of the invasive stuff in W10 also in the EU
Radetzky March
The team was booed out of the airport when they returned in 82, in 78 they got a heroes welcome
tbh he's not that bad, a lot of people like to shit on him because of the whole Princess Di thing but he does a tonne of charitable work and representing the UK these days
soin mi Fiaker trogn, und dabei Zithern schlogn
Yes vienna is similar to some cities of germany but vienna isn't similar to the rest of austria
Es warad so oafoch
Während die Sozis Stalins Schwanz gelutscht haben und allen eine Utopie versprachen gingen in der Sowjetunion gerade die Säuberungen los
You pick it
meme
Split into two parts and remained under occupation to this day
Neither of my two grandparents did much during the war
I think the fact that you can make words infinitely long
Idk if you meant people younger than me, but he is known
And with more power in Brussels refugees could be better distributed.
Important TIL, interesting article
Obviously this changes, there's everything from light hearted humour to offensive, self depricating stuff
I can see where that comes from XD
Nix do mit de Nochbarn onbandln
The life is no sugarquadrangle?
You can also check out their google reviews
Fluent: German (native), English, French (though my French depends a lot on the day.
Holy fuck that was my favorite childhood movie, gotta rewatch it in English now
Maybe Dollfuß as he was a fascist, but then again he opposed Hitler (but then again he was allied to Mussolini)
It was so obviously staged that it's even ridiculous that so many are believing it
No valley to deep, no mountain too high
Twin-city, oida
)much less popular
(I don't know why; may have been something with the German voices or the humor didn't work.
gegangen" (= I've been/gone) is more commonly used
That means that 22 of it are in mortgage derivatives...
And painting all left-leaning people as islamist apologists just alienates both sides from each other and doesn't encourage sensible discourse.
One thing though, your rail network is in dire need of improvements
In Vienna, there are designated areas where skyscrapers can be built, but it's made sure they are far away from the city center and can't obstruct the view towards the inner city
Gives me a Mordor-y vibe
Ah okay
Of course they do it is tradition
Heard of Johnny Appleseed because I read the book "American Gods" by Neil Gaimnain.
It was less about ideology in the beginning
Its a Czech traditional ritual.
* A strong Kurdish presence represents a potential danger to Turkish territorial integrity
If one superpower does not play by the book, the opposing power has to react or risk getting pushed back.
You get to name it over there, but as soon as it concerns the GOOD part of Austria, we, the locals take over, alright?
- I'm nominally Catholic, but only go to church when I visit my parents in Christmas
As a kid I was 100% sure that Sweden is where Switzerland is and Switzerland is where Sweden is
When I turn on the news I hear refugee here, refugee there.
If you master a course though I'm sure you could find your way around on a holiday
It's separated from the rest of western europe by the pyrenees
And when corrected to the right "known joke" became stubborn
Iran used to do exactly that in the 1970s and they might go back to it if they feel threatened enough / backed into a corner
I think it gave all the populist parties another very good argument they can use to further their anti-EU sentiment
Lots of villages called Oed here, which directly translates to dull
Käsekrainer is another great option
South of what
I dont think I ever met an Austrian who eats it for desert, for me this is a tourist only thing
I don't go to a European subreddit so I get informed about the god damn American election
The era was considered a golden one and the entire empire boomed
Kühe = Kia
Never heard anyone else nickname their grandsons or granddaughters like that, but i find it very sweet
" Then I went to the UK and got greeted with an *Oi, move outta way cunt
(I don't remember the rest)
I never got to know my great grandmather she died before I was born, so I knew that only from stories
Further more there are some big organisations such as uno, opec and iaea, that have offices here
Ah, yes
Good interview, recommend reading.
Still many countries are more eu sceptic than Scotland including my own with 46% approval *sigh*
It also made the news some years ago because some italian said it is a ride-wing-propaganda-song
I have seen that in Austria too
Also they don't border Germany
- I like beer, but sometimes also like wine
\*Stay strong and be cool .
A privatly rented one about 1
(last election: 13,9%, 26/183 seats)
is that the good or bad side
When Anglos are all "cursive is so difficult, we don't need it anymore because We HAvE TaBleTS nOw", I think they are referring to their own fossilized and cumbersome system that they apparently clung to for a few decades too long (like the [Palmer method] or [D'Nealian] ugh those G's)
At least if the country is very religious.
We are talking about alpine skiing, which we are the best at
However even for the latter the ministry almost never ceases the right of property to local municipalities for further development
Although to be fair that expression was deliberately created by a PR agency
It's really more of a destruction site
You'll want to be extra sure she won't be scewed over by neither the one who's selling her the flat nor the ones she's renting it out to - If the renters break something or don't pay their rent this can really be a hassle.
Would change my flair for that if I could read and write turkish :P
Last time I have 1
I found that one quite interesting because I would not have predicted some of the results.
It snowed on Saturday in upper Styria for a day
I mean he lived nearly his whole live in Vienna so pretty much an Austrian
Good Point my dear third world fascist <3
I mean unless it's an event where getting food is specified, like a party where there's beer in the fridge or an evening where I invited them over to dinner and asked them to get something or help themselves
The savings rate is expected to fall to 4%, the lowest rate since records began in the early 1960s.
I think it is one disabled person per 25 employees
I knew about the FPÖ but around here people are more open about hating the green party than the FPÖ (idk may be because of my dad), and I kind of assumed that that‘s the same around the country, sorry for that
Problemmaker (bosnia and herzegovina)
See, we already suffer enough from germans who cannot drive up the mountains and go awfully slow
Which one of them
So does one bring *only* an even number of flowers to funerals
C-a-f-f-e-e trink nicht zu viehiel Kahaffee
Your point is moot, as German dialects are already dying out
Pardon me, I would have to agree on your statement
Unpopular opinion: if we manage to qualify for our first world cup since 1998 I definitely want us to play
r/Minecraft
Its a bit reductive and misleading imo but so are most regional definitions
But heart arteries
Everyone who doesn't say Palatschinke is a heretic that needs to be purged..
Wait, you actually *pass* with less than 50%?
Or on their trucks
The squids who now roam the earth partake in an odd ritual where they swim from the temple of Londonoria to Brussalantis to ask for an Ex Ten Tion from the Old Ones
There's no answer for Europe as a whole.
Tell him we are all nudists
Learn about culture shock, the symptoms of it and how to fight it.
- Pez (the candy)
I cut off the tip of my thumb a few months ago
aah I miss the soft and lifess Japanese welcome hug
Because here in Austria they are essentially like a disfunctional marriage and one of the two (ÖVP) has been eyeing the FPÖ as their new boytoy for the past year or so
Look at the picture and tell me which color is next to "right".
Austria is sooooo different in this case
For everyone with common sense he is a disgrace
ooh yes, wouldn't know what to do without Topfen
Here at the Bavarian/Austrian border it seems as if we have gotten off rather good
Her husband got it for her – from a witches garden
Good Tips, but for House hold appliences I will say don't fix which isn't broken
For example Käppee by Värttina
Because with the far-right I think many at least genuinely care for the future of their countries and Europe
Edit: Which was to be proven
Sure
I don't know how far parliamentary immunity reaches in Poland, but in some other countries they do
the grumpy Austrian trying to bond over shared complaining, and the exuberant USian trying to bond over being positive
A very big obsession
The USA just doesn't have that kind of laid-back, chilled image of Australia or NZ
The Baltic countries will probably atrophy into de facto city states as population decline will empty their countrysides and the remaining population moves to the capital or abroad
... if you believe what is said about him in the western media ...
The questions are repetitive to make sure it does not depend too much on the phrasing and also to see if you are consistent with you answers (some don't actually answer the questionnaire they just pick the same answer over and over again)
Yeah but by and large girls stuck with the girls group and boys with the boys group.
Yep, definitely the iPad for me too.
"Those who are useless and incompetent will work at the postal service or the railroad corporation
The girl from GTI-Treffen is missing
Fuck yeah, just had some a few weeks ago and they
Sure, vaccinations are great
Eating CABBAGE for Christmas dinner?
Two cars can fit side-by-side but both would have to have 1 tire practically in the grass
They aren't even recognized as citizens.
But it's pretty much [this procedure]
It's not that bad usually, just around this time the year it sucks.
Die Ärzte, Wir sind Helden, Kraftklub, Madsen, Die Toten Hosen, Wanda
Omg why did Canada vote for Castro's son?
But Austrias identity doesn't really have anything to do with the Battle of Vienna
You have every right
doesn't really make any sense in German any more
I only came across that song by coincidence like two years ago
Haha mine was Merlin, which was our cat's name
Iran already can't export their pistachios to europe because of sanctions
If you don't like the topping on your pizza remove it, but please dear god, shut the fuck up about it
Other than classical music,
I'm neither into Metal, nor into (modern) Pop, so that might explain my ignorance :)
No srsly this answer is rather complex for Austria
If you don't manually lock it, it's not really locked
I just want to watch NBA, not join the Marines
It ran for 20 years, the last episode of around 265 will run in may
we had the first official case 1983 and in 1985 the "Aids care" was founded with the help of the ministry of health, which opened care centers in every state where you could get anonymous tests and info material
He was proper mental schizoid something.
Giving these people room to express their views takes up time, space and resources that could go against something productive as well as actually ligitimizes their concerns about the evidence presented
Their name literally means "South-German Newspaper".
000): Industrial city, many joke about that it's a steel-factory with houses built around it
In German it's just "robot"
What IRC server / channel
Fairly common in Transylvania/Western part of Romania
be careful with that truth hammer.
Actually waiters don't need tips in Austria but people still do it.
Usually something below 10-7 degrees is jacket weather for me, but it depends if it's windy
i'm sure there are very few greeks who favour terrorism.
Alive: Heinz-Christian Strache
This is just a small trivia tidbit, but I remember reading on the news that a bridge handrail collapsed because of the added weight of the locks.
Preach it, pastaboi
I don't really care to be honest but make up your mind quickly.
And we needed milk
Yet this song gives me goosebumps.
Nagln is fun though, although I am terribly bad at it
They became a symbol of freedom and free love, because the church had no rule over them when they were in they mountains
Roads generally are in decent shape though.
Don't forget "Marmeladinger" !
I remember her having to wander the earth doing good deeds to finally go to heaven
In czechia is pretty comparable to google maps, here it's just
3% of all households have FTTH/FTTB
anyhow {adv}
As little kids, we sometimes got referred to as „kleine scheisserl“ (little shitlings)
And once a year on the 20th of April, they go to their  favourite restaurant and eat [Eiernockerl mit Salat]
I mean
Does Duolingo teach pronunciation?
nothing
Can't just ignore everyone
See /r/Austria , for example
E.g. in Europe we don't eat pig's ears any more, they are sold as dog food
Thing is they aren't even real "Professoren" like you know a university prof.
They want the EU gone and want to return to nation states in Europe.
This is for me the biggest giveaway to sneakily differentiate between Austrians and (Northern) Germans when they are speaking English, or even a very very neutral standard German
I'll miss it, really
It loses so much of its charme
I'd take trains to about Luxembourg but probably not to Brussels (depending on connections etc
Leaving the Euro is pretty much impossible without leaving the EU.
This wouldn't be any different if we threatened to deport these people?
I benachrichtig grod mei Spionagenetzwerk in Amerika und dei IP Adress wiad grod vafoigt oiso bereit di af was vor du Dompfplauderer.
We cherish our culture
Common names for McDonald's in German: Mäcces, Mäcci, "Restaurant zur goldenen Seemöwe" ("Restaurant of the golden sea-gull") or "Schachtelwirt" ("card box inn")
Norway has a lot of North
We didn't have them either
If you work some "regular" or "boring" office job behind the scenes it is probably accepted
Nah its not serious at all
Was the Carinthian plebiscite such a big deal for Slovenians?
First, I think won't be a problem if you link to financial blogs in your posts - on the contrary, I would encourage it!
**Switzerland:** Our red and white alpine bros
Being here would require french people to speak English
Your extreme right murders people
But you don't often add the tun (doing) to that
They fell a bit, just like in past years.
Käsekrainer
1 pay roughly 10c/m³
A separatist extremist organization
I have the same problem with the swiss - I understand it, but my brain needs a second to process the sentence I just heard and comprehend what they were saying
lovely
Thats interesting, because i (grown up in Austria) always just viewed Slovenia as the  ex eastern-bloc/yugoslav country with the highest wages Think it was the first fact i knew about it
common sense vote coming up next month.
Everyday, since the classmate of my son is Malaysian
That's just how it is
My parents paid around 450€/month combined for healthcare
Ja, in Österreich sagen wir "das Cola" und "das E-Mail".
Afaik people of Vorarlberg don't want to join Switzerland (anymore), besides that, you had your chance almost a hundred years back and you declined :^)
Surprisingly I couldn't find any either
Why would anyone try to run a train with a gasoline motor since diesel was invented
[Edit] better layout / fixed numbers
Also, use your inside voice outside and your outside voice inside
there is one, but nobody gets it - why should I pay another 50€ for something that I'd literally never use
On 28th December in Carinthia (Austria) kids go around the village and strike older people with rods while saying a magic spell that rhymes and should keep the old people healthy
He was drafted into the Wehrmacht when he was 18 and directly sent to good old Stalingrad
Flying Flags really isn't a thing around here, so hardly anyone has a flagpole to fly one
Since military service is compulsory, every healthy male who does not object to carrying a weapon for moral reasons (thus having to do civil service instead) gets at least basic training on a Steyr AUG (the "bullpup" in Counter Strike), often also on other weapons.
Yes it's absolutely fucking ridiculous, but that never stopped anyone to make uninformed bullshit statements, right
All sightseeing in those cities can be done using public transport and/or walking.
Which, technically correct, but quite misleading
44% of UK exports, God damn it
Valmala	IT
Again - Irland is Part of the EU, France is Part of the EU, as such France is interested in a positive outcome of Brexit for Ireland
It is
Working *for* the people she represents, fuck, why does this have to feel so surprising
Now, the beauty of it is that we use it in many contexts and only this one word is suffice to convene so many different layers/emotions, only depending on how you say it
We like to suck up to authority and stick to a "traditional order".
Tuts aber net
It's really just a minority of Austrians.
I could imagine Austria helping with logistics and experts.
mmhh
> Anschluss
Those won't explicitly talk about the culture, but can teach you a lot about it implicitly.
Hot take: Bernd das Brot was peak millenial humour before being a "millenial" was a thing
I'm baffled
Following that, the very principle of having an official language will be dropped because it won't be workable any more
Pölten has a population of about 7
I'm probably more stupid than you, I don't even know what hurling is
Might be flash-add-"walled" but you can just click that away - or use an addblocker
Instead, drop your $36
In 1933 the Austrofascists allowed it again, and the Nazis kept it of course
They don't give a rat's ass about the fetus, they just get a hard-on from policing women's bodies
Assad on the other hand controlled the most populated areas (including the capital with the parliament) at any given time of the conflict.
German speaking countries tend a little bit to romantice them ("noble wild") because of the very famous youth books of Karl May.
Call the Midwife had an episode set in 1963 where an au pair from Hungary realises she's pregnant and is shocked she can't have an abortion
Those are the Most common
>And of course we technically won the great Northern war but I agree that we were pretty clearly carried by Russia
in the language of the country theyre visiting
And yet we're getting flak by the EU for not "reducing" our carbon footprint fast enough
Preferable to the Germans who tried to eradicate the Polish nation (again) but this time to the last person but still who would trust Stalin, massive prick that he was
I have an eastern background but I have since learned that westerners do this
We don't do that here anymore
The Catholic Church has done PR campaigns in the past, but that was nothing like the stuff you described
But people often forget that modern architecture doesn't have to be repetitive
I just want a few damn weeks of winter and snowy weather
What's the difference between a truckload of bowling balls and a truckload of babies
** yeah I wish I could take this more often
Sometimes even Austrian
Yeah it was the whole "yeah just stop talking about the past" which this party still employs when their crimes from a few years ago come up so
If you think firearms are important to "being American" and the "American spirit", then so be it.
I have been to Barcelona (as an incentive by my company) for (only) 3 days and instantly fell in love with that city
smh
Is that guy really going "Illuminati!!!!"?
What did you expect in case of Brexit ?
I know about the slur "machupichu". It also wasn't "tiraflecha".
Austria as a whole has 8 IKEAs, which is more than I thought tbh
In Austria there is a waiting list of over 2 years for parents and if you're a little bit older or have natural children your chances are basically zero.
That's why there's a "somewhat". That's the point of a federation - some autonomy, some central government
And new Romanian documentaries are afaik nonexistant
It has not been recognised internationally and turkey has repeatedly been ordered to leave by the UN
I heard the French one is just the same.
For a while there was legal uncertainty, and then Google did not want anymore
That theres way less spontanious singing and dancing going on that expected just adds to the dissapointment
Some old songs should gave me a hint, "I'm the train called City of New Orleans, don't you know me, I'm your native son"...
When I at home want I sleep
EDIT: Something I forgot to mention, he did get the Iron Cross during the war
How can you secure them against people breaking in with such huge windows and what looks like thin walls
If your surname is "Hettegger" or "Prommegger" you are probably from the valley of "Großarl".
[German] Schweiz & Schweden - They also sounded very similar to me, especially with my dialect: Schwaiz & Schwäidn :‘D
Here in the east Skoda is very common - maybe there is a gradient towards the czech border?
But your gas is so damn cheap anyways?!
Yes, only less German and more Austrian ;)
the people here don't appreciate what the EU does for them, so they might as well pay a little more.
So the other day some people had a political discussion and someone came to the defense of a certain vice chancellor and he used the word "Bevölkerungs Austausch", more like "Gehirn Austausch", am I right
Why would an independent Britain be in any way interested what Spain does in a purely internal conflict between Catalonia and the Spanish government ?
politically and organizationally it's the same thing, just a different name for the position; or rather, for some reason a specific English translation exists for the position
get a better country name then that doesn't consist of abreviations
Even as a regular citizen (male) there's not a single neighborhood or street in the whole country I wouldn't go to, at any time of the day or night.
In German it is "Die Sonne"(female,the sun) and "Der Mond"(male, the moon)
000 students
Like: Writing "I´m" instead of "I'm", but that simply is because of the German keyboard layout and I´m too used to the wrong one
Statues and monuments were erected in the countries she often visited in her last years
I do not hate this comment as much as the other comments
* Nationality
Jealous has just acquired the new meaning of 'puking the whole stomach out'.
We had a separation of police and Gendarmerie until the 2 decades ago
He has a microwave, he got it as a present once, but he has never used it, and uses it as storage room for plates and stuff instead
Don't know where he got that from
Defense of property, not always
Yes
>And I'd argue that doing a Nazi salute does not make you a Nazi
The garbage that is sold as "folk music" [NSFW]
With that in mind as a Styrian I feel proud about my mixed heritage
I dont really follow WRC or any other Rallye Tournaments.
"because the water would dilute the stomach juices", according to my grandma
In Austrian dialects though there's
No, but also not savoury
is believed responsible for planning an attack on an ambassy, for example of    serbia
Otherwise I will have to go to Zagreb or Munich
At least have the decency to cut the image correctly
It's funny if someone from my family celebrates his birthday because everyone is celebrating twice, one time with the family and one time with the street so you celebrate them twice with them in case of the ones living in my street
I'd say "Die Presse" is very reliable
It’s called Spatial Planning/Raumplanung here, so you’d also study other aspects of planning like regional or traffic planning
Nothing about right populist politics is inclusive.
With an aimless pseudo coup instead of the burning of the Reichstag.
* Keeping a big eye out on the people that where released after "not beeing" radical anymore
Any eccentricity of his can be seen as deliberate sleight towards the senate to put them in their place so to say.
But generally they will likely rule in favor of the defendant if it was defense against bodily harm
I can't even build a fuckin' snowman that doesn't look like Jabba
I believe here in Vienna even the bus drivers would be weirded out if you did that, but I guess I'll try it next time
Or Im just stupid, that's also a possibility
How strong are regional identities in your country?
Your favourite childhood cartoon?
No, and it is absolutely frustrating
While I don't try out any window I see, I know exactly one that is not like that - it was built in more than 70 years ago
We currently have to defend our garden against a wild roebuck that thinks the things growing in our garden are delicious
my high school started at 7:25 with 50min lessons
The Schutzbund was fighting them too until they got disarmed, disbanded and forbidden by Dollfuss
Icelanders: Slightly less introvert than the others.
It's kind of like Austria in the North but in the South it becomes mediterranean.
>middle aged men from central/eastern Europe
Not necessarily
Personally, I don't like them, but I highly doubt that this is true for a majority of Europeans
Hofer: Right-wing, presents himself as anti-establishment, plans an active presidency (and unconventionally so), talks about change in broad bold strokes, definitely anti-immigration
if you know there are no deities and no afterlife, you wouldnt pray, no matter how bad you have it.
Price and availability of overnight trains for longer distance stuff
Can't confirm, have had several drinks a few weeks ago in Milano and it worked perfectly, you don't even really notice that it's pasta
Now I'm curious what language they speak though
"eN ist für "eNdlich"
My dad's Austrian, so my surname was atypical for the region; in primary school heritage was really emphasized, everyone knew their family back to their great-grandparents or further back and had at least 1 cousin attending the same school
mostly it's done by a certain kind of people that have
O.o
And we still have to deal with thousands and thousands of angry young men who shouldn't be here in the first place.
Ah scheiße, i hätt gmoat de woin wissn wos hoid berühmt is
But there are no autonomous administrative regions as there are no majority minority areas
At least here in Austria about 90% of their stock are their own brand (some of which is made by well-known brands and just rebranded).
We teachers have to be really civil to students lest we be fired
my point was that you seem very american
I particularly love orange & passion fruit and rhubarb & mint
Watch out: You're not considering a lot of costs that come with buying/owning an apartment.
That way the kids can be louder and talk to their cousins rather than get bored/annoy the adults
Prices had to be shown in both currencies for two years after that, iirc.
We did our best to raise them and they can come back for a short visit from time to time, but there is no way, they are going to move back in again
No more tourists in Venice
Hungary, the Baltic countries, Belgium, Luxembourg and Austria are all above Italy and France
Am from that holy land, we did up until the last year of Gymnasium, at least with certain teachers.
Super cool
It was just an insert and it said more details would be given in a special news broadcast after the current show
The whole political situation right now.
"Gottesanbeterin"
This song was made for Pegida & AFD
Spare ribs are an american dish in my mind
I think I heard of that and actually did it once
best dialect though, I'll hand them that
That's the case for all of our neighbors except Germany.
Sorry, but this is an oversimplification
They went through it and told the teacher that this exam is invalid and she had to ask me different questions which they checked in the notes
Happens all over Europe these days
They were really going at it and even the guy who had been eating pavement moments earlier was struggling to get back into the fight.
I always thought Linz was a soulless city with nothing but industry and the main shopping street which is compared to salzburg or innsbruck quite unimpressive
I expected it to be somewhat like nutella, just with peanuts instead of hazelnut - which is a bit odd, since we unsally consume peanuts salted, not sweet, but I was open to that new experience.
Okay, this is not gonna be as strange as the other comments, but we have the DAÖ, a party that was created because a few politicians thought it was unfair for another politician to get kicked out of his party for being corrupt, so they created the DAÖ.
qwertz is evil and should be purged from this world
There was definitely drinking at our 'end of middle school' party.
We start a world war
I mean technically speaking Austria has had a former social democrat as president for the last 12 years who will now be replaced by a former Greens politician and we have had and still have a social democrat chancellor for a total of 10 years now.
"Why am I still getting hate
I think you can see nearly all of Budapest in about three days if you really wanted to.
If Hofer wins we could have early elections but the FPÖ still won't be powerful enough to decide alone about a possible referendum.
if things are not too big, you'd probably try using a normal station wagon with the seats folded down (because of storage space, station wagons are quite common here, don't know why that's not the case in the US), or putting it on the roof of a normal car with some bungee straps or tension belts
You would more likely be married off somewhere in the 22-27 range depending if your potential husband was able to establish his household
Oh no
So a “șmecher” became a person who is hard to fool
Brown people however I see all the time.
I think now it is the same in all states
Thanks for all the trade
All true, BUT (and this is only what I think I know about amish schools, so someone correct me if I'm wrong):
Still, I liked the Nibelungenlied
damn, that is a huge explosion.
I just tried imagining what Trump's attempt on explaining this would be
But it looks delicious
Hmmm
Nice try MPAA your powers won't work here!
But it makes more sense for Germany (or Austria, dont worry) than the Netherlands
Dunno, I live in Eastern Austria and we never interact with Bavarians at all, so there's that
It is looking more and more like ISIS.
It's illegal to disrespect a symbol of the state in public acc.
UwU, step-German what are you doing
And then all the countries that didnt condemn the beheadings in France
11111
Sorry if i'm a bit off topic but neither the Turks nor the Hungarians are Mongols.
Gustav Klimt
In that regard, I miss the times of the US as the sole "world police".
Dude, fasten your seatbelt: [
like the one where the lady is looking back as they walk away like i know you didn't just take a picture of us from the back wth is wrong with you
It is one of those things, that if someone ever tells you the ‘Allies were the good guys’ or something, that in reply, you should tell them to fuck themselves
i second this
I almost want to say WWI is forgotten here.
I am sure I would have answered this differently 3 days ago and I probably would answer differently 3 days from now, because the situation is changing so rapidly
Cigarettes
Around here Graz is said to be the city of Tech and Vienna the city of Universities and stuff, but idk if it‘s just in my federal state or nationwide
So relative to the sun, you eat at a "normal" time, if you can call it that, but due to the time zone it's "late".
i don't know, it kinda sounds like a mixture of spanish and croatian
Pls remove this
Why does nobody have HD pictures?
I met so many nice and welcoming people there
* (great song tho)
FTFY
And the first zoo that had a naturally bred panda baby born in the very same zoo
It's kinda different from country to country and the age moving out varies
Because we're not savages
I knew that in Tyrol we have such an anthem (which apparently is known throughout all of Austria), but I've never actually known about whether other regions of Austria also had one.
Watch more ARD, ZDF and you'll probably discover it isn't any different from what the Germans get these days
wärn wir nur so effizient wie die Deutschen immer
I dont get why they didnt just get generic germans at least
In Vienna, there are designated areas where skyscrapers can be built, but it's made sure they are far away from the city center and can't obstruct the view towards the inner city
Thank you Belgien
You clearly must be suicidal
It's a cool story
And thanks for your beautiful country and wonderful people
Yeah me too
That's people "in erwerbsfähigen Alter" (eg: does not count children or people who retired).
I said sorry and handed him another twenty and he switched it out again, but this time I saw it
Yeah but we would all have to spend more money on air conditioning in summer so it's a stupid conspiracy
That's why the Bernie analogy works pretty well - he's pretty representative for the left(est) wing in the Dems
He survived and was captured as a POW and sent of to Siberia (not entirely sure) but he later came home all the way by foot
Supposedly it was his bodyguard who killed him - don't know why but that makes it seem like an intelligence operation more than some random aloha snackbar detonating next to his vehicle.
Now I have
(not op)
I believe they call this humour in Germany
I'd even prefer -20 to that
> Also, use your inside voice outside and your outside voice inside
Mrs
I know it's very touristy, but the mixture of the old part of the city, the olympic part and then the huge beach is just something very special for me
Would be a great way to strip them of the Austrian citizenship (you lose the Austrian citizenship ex lege if you take on another one).
But I'm not a big nightlife guy so I can't actually speak from experience
Plantation agriculture on good soil in mild climate has historically been a very profitable business
When I am in my car or on foot, most people on bicycles seem like idiots, running red lights, speeding in pedestrian areas, driving over pedestrian crossings
I can get a flight from Vienna to Amsterdam and back for <100€. The whole thing takes ~6 hours if you account for getting to the airport, security, the actual flight, then getting out of the plane and going from the airport into the City
most importantly, by bike the 15 minute walk from the tram station to the office at the end turns into a 4 minute bike ride, so that's great
use it as toilet paper or something, I guess it also includes burning it
taking over Austria was the only logical step
Kunde droht mit Auftrag
On the countryside it's not like that
I'm scared to ask how long it took
Also a looooot of Turkish bakeries and speciality shops
In Austria (and Germany) you can get tons of very good whole grain bread, in the UK there's hardly any, you see some mixed bread, but it's mostly white bread (which doesn't taste that good, except for bagels)
I'm curious if the Ottomans will just pick them apart one by one through sneaky diplomacy or rather bruteforce their way through.
Which means for a small country like Austria: 2-4 weeks of major attention by foreign German-speaking media, and 2-3 articles each in foreign-lanuage media
For a German however, especially if they are from this area, I'd distinguish whether it was made in our direct vicinity (around 50km radius), our county or further away
Here in Austria we would only use it for very formal situations like the final exams at school/exams at university or job interviews.
Servas
If you want to use invented titles as a Nickname, I think there's no problem
Like you said, it's tradition and we honor our traditions.
and in that case, that includes us
> tv channels shouldn’t show it
The idea is mire that you need a 50%+1 vote majority for pretty much anything in most european democracies.
surely they must've had someone equally corrupt at hand who would've been a better fit
Granted tho, that was 20 years ago
just wait until someone reveals the real numbers of China
It roughly means: "Hast du das bereits gemacht
My little village has a castle from first mentioned in the 13th century
Warum speziell Wienerisch
Good thing you added the same quality prerequisite
Jsyk, there's *lots* of unneccessary sex scenes in that show
You get to oppress the Ukrainians, we won't try to assimilate anyone and you'll support us in return
"Do you wish me a good morning, or mean that it is a good morning whether I want it or not; or that you feel good this morning; or that it is a morning to be good on
The reason of this law was afaik a Concordat with the Catholic church which grands them to teach children the religion in school
Greece: look at your heritage
But loanwords aside, "technical" jargon of any subject (be it biology or naval things or whatever) might be a problem
If we're looking at everything, including the HRE, Prague probably was bigger in 1600
They have a very narrow set of views and discard everything against their narrative often with adventurous reasoning and while being very selective about their sources.
Was it a Texas Instruments calculator
If you‘ve ever been in the weird part of the internet in the last few years, there‘s a high chance you already know it
10 EUR = 2 days public transport ticket in Vienna
I barely play any european country if it aint given, but if I have to Germany or France, if the countries have stats (like eg health or battle tactics) I’ll go with the better one
It could be Bucharest
Dead too
Even Mark Twain made fun of it in a hilarious essay
> Habsburg Empire
People bad at geography in Italy just consider everything north non-italian speaking German
I find that offensive
It has been 9 years
Especially Chemical Engineering
I had a "surgery" on my ear years ago and had to wait half a year back then
[Mohnzelten] Yeah, no thank you
But we should've given Adi the university place...
My in-laws don't refrigerate eggs, but keep them in a cooler pantry
In Vienna more than 30% of the population can't vote in their state/local elections because they are not citizens
That is an interesting point  especially about the man in the moon
It's not that I don't like to go there
I hope I'm not mixing anything up here, maybe it wasn't Schuschnigg
My room temperature is 18°
Schools in Austria don't have flags.
And I‘m not really against it, hell I‘m using the shit out of denglisch myself because I see as I slowly forget how to speak actual german, but I still think it‘s sad
bad "dubbing" -> english
Hmh, I can only think of the [Tyrolean Hound] (Tiroler Bracke) as an Austrian breed.
You seem to hate Austria a lot.
Of course then, despite how you feel about your current politics you fight tooth and nail to prove that America has the best dried cookies, or whatever
I dont mind at all
but they are still there though!
Italy: give us Südtirol back, then we are cool
On the other hand we want the freedom of religion and expression.
Austria and Germany shares a lot of old wedding traditions, but I want to explain a decent, unusual one
Living in Vienna, a *very* multiculural city, I don't notice any more foreigners than usual.
I've made the experience that Italians are even louder
People sometimes joke about Sebastian Kurz because of the cult of personality surrounding him
Root of many spooky and dark stuff is the 30 years war which wracked havoc on the land and caused hunger and desperation
In 1920 when the first republic was established, they abolished it again, the country was trying to be modern and liberal in general
* Male deaths caused by smoking in 2016: 16
That is true
Yes, we've religion as a subject in every year
It is in almost every aspect a good idea
And up until now I haven't heard of Minka as a name before.
Certain people are meant to catch the bear and moss-man and the tree can only go further when they are caught
As a Linzer, I gotta say that is an apt description
also on the sidewalk when two people first walk in the middle and then both get to the left side to avoid eachother
The first is a non issue and the later is more of an issue of children's rights than of gay rights and has to be handled in that context.
As for the most successful Nations overall, Norway has the 14th most wins in history of women's races (9 wins), and 4th most wins in men's races (143 wins)
top lads as far as I'm concerned
Totally missed that
That usually tells you enough, and that's usually stuff that's shared online by the person voluntarily
He was from the US and came to Salzburg (Austria) to study trumpet at the university
When you start counting with 1 PM, then 2 PM ... the logical thing would be that 12 PM comes last, not first
this has happened a lot in the last 75 years :)
My acquaintance (he is under the age of 16) saw the death of an individual
Crying because they're not in the EU and therefore exempt from deletion
Dude, we're right here
Which, technically correct, but quite misleading
Do you mean stereotypically or objectively?
Of course that doesn't translate to every field
I really can't belive it that the USA is the largest threat to world peace for so many countries.
I'd say the treasury is worth a visit - the crowns with huge jewels, but also odd things like an unicorn horn (which turned out to be a narwhale horn).
> But those will vote for him anyway, because they never would vote the SPÖ, Green party or Neos
- A "Russian" can also be pickled fish
I do not know if its perfectly legal but if there is enough space such that traffic can pass by no one will complain, and everybody does it like this
You can get inside with a credit card or a similar tool
Besides major publishers, for example the Austrian Association of bookshops and the Association of Newspapers
We didn't expect any of it and were startled for a second
My parents didn't lock their cars until the cars got the remotes and became self locking
Not for History
I would say we are doing fine
Some German dubs of American TV-Series use Danish if there is a joke involving someone deosn't understand German.
Buy groceries in another country
Recommendations here would be GREATLY appreciated as well.
Next step: stop people from getting sued for memes
The ethnicity question is totally confusing.
So that' why, of the German speaking countries, only Germany isn't neutral.
-When i was 14 i got beaten by a group of older dudes in Steyr
any random restaurant will have quality Schnitzel
Salzburg would be a nice addition to get a small(er) town experience.
Beethoven
Genau deshalb schrieb ich dass "Deutschland" ein eher schlecht gewählter Name ist, da es zu dieser Zeit nicht das gesamte "deutsche Volk" eingeschlossen hat.
If he voted to remain thats fine by me, but wales can be blamed for brexxit (not entirely of course, but they bear part of it), as they, as a whole, voted to leave
> And when were you in School actually
I have you tagged as "Hofer voter".
This does absolutely not curb the impression, that Turkey is using its emigrants as some sort of colonial influence.
It really does hit special if you're in a marching band yourself
Would be easier to name the non-foreign movies.
Entering by posting 8 [Faschingskrapfen] - our traditional food for the season.
> When you go ro live to another EU country you are like and have to be treated like a national of the country you are living now, same rights, same duties, same benefits, same taxes
In my two local supermarkets here in Vienna they restocked most stuff very quickly after the weekend and I think it helped a lot reduce any panic buying before the WE
It's the Danube valley and basically the only place in Austria that has a lot of farming.
Imagine using gay as an insult in the year two thousand and twenty (2020)
Latin America and Europe do not
"Hairzig"
The land around it crumbled and therefore it fell out of proportion
Leopold Musuem
I think I included the „some are regional“ specifically because of Rosegger
Please, his name is Schrödinger - don't copy american mispronunciation back into writing.
Austria is even worse
if nobody but soldiers would have access to them, a 17 year old wouldnt be able to get ahold of them either.
Born in the USA is a song that critiques the US
* [Prehistoric pile dwellings around the Alps]
I don't think that is true at all.
Seriously, what is it with politicians (of all genders) and their incredibly awkward hand positions
It's such a mis-managed city
It's really awkward to us
Austrians have an allergic reaction to tax dodging.
We have memorial stones for the fallen soldiers in WW2 in almost every village for example
You get the blame
(if you are not in an area which has snow ALL the time, then you quickly get annoyed by it)
Here, you can't go into a public sauna with a bathing suit on
Also a lot of people in this thread complain about English loan words
I would say skiing is definitely the biggest reasin, but there are other sports as well
He became chancellor in Germany, German politician.
Never went anywhere without a native speaker after that
But they're the friendliest and most hard working people I've met
At each stop there are food stands and of course small wooden bars
there are very real historic reasons for anti nazi laws in germany/austria.
ooh we will get that eventually, but it's still a few years out
Also, I have a love-hate for Michael Buchinger
I visited Isreal one time but sadly I can't remember very well, because I was only seven years old...
Germany feels really distant to me
I wasn't even aware of Temelin until a few days ago because someone told me on Reddit.
(Not sure if he‘s as known because well, everyone around here knows Mozart and knowing his biggest enemy is kinda - well - a given too)
My brother found an 80sqm apartment for 320k. 13th district
Oh sorry, the Turkish flag is kinda misleading :/
Well, the question is: would they know those are US states
I know I wouldn't. He also has been smoking like a chimney ever since he was 14 years old, but he's still exceptionally fit for his age
grammar and stuff like that is hard but doable
Austria: No, it's not an issue, as long as it's not smelly food and not eaten too close to other people (on public transport or the like)
~~even worse~~ equally sensible
Culturally, politically and historically.
Sweden should not cut or plant any trees
Have a link maybe
And in Austrian German it literally means "dumb"
Dead:
In STEM, aka one of the best paid job fields and also one where most people will get a degree in, telematics is really looked up to
Seeing spelt as exotic is a bit a hyperole, you can get nearly everywhere and it's grown at 15000ha here, compared to Ameranth which is more often found in gardens as ornamental plant (Fuchsschwanz)
You mom never cooked or baked whatever is typical for the federal state you grew up, or Austria
If there were an EU-mandated English proficiency survey, it would yield much worse results
When the trains don‘t go straight there (from an Austrian city)
If someone from another European country would ask me, I would say Austrian
Very many of the pretty old train stations are terminus stations which are pretty bad for high speed trains
The Green Party: They are a center-left, progressive party with a focus on environmentalism
Nobody keeps their shoes on here.
It all goes in the same direction of "the international Jewry is out for 'us' [i.e. white Europeans or whatever]".
To be fair, a LOT of teachers explain the Berlin Wall really badly, even here in Europe
Belarus, Russia, Azerbaijan & Turkey
Underrated
... the cynic part of my brain thinks how convenient it is, starting something that could Lead to a war  or fights for us troops (on foreign soil,  not in the usa) with the upcoming elections and then the voters have to rally behind the orange guy and vote for him
The damnatio memoriae mentioned in the op also plays into this which may or may not have affected Caligula.
You're right, how could I forget about the best General that the Empire had ever seen
~~former is floor in the context of building levels; latter is projectile~~ see below
Also Amstetten
It's
Another thing to consider for deGiro: They don't automatically withhold your capital gains taxes (KESt).
His father is German, but he grew up in Ireland, and while his German is ok-ish, his accent is totally noticeable (not only in the film, but generally)
Kaiser roll, butter, raw sliced onions, thinly sliced smoked salmon
Most Spanish people try not to scream (especially in quiet countries like Austria), because the are afraid that someone might tell them something in English, and then they'd have to respond in English, and they are embarrassed of their English (this applies more to older people though)
The most reliable source for the wrongdoings of our politicians
There's no respite
Understatement and restraint is key
It's not like you can take a ghost census
I've spent a few weeks in Spain before coming to Portugal last year
Bro I would love to go back to Spain or Portugal or some warmer country
You will get a bunch of oppinions that may vary over time and shift
Homer’s arm is the state of my country
Afaik prices in Poland and Romania are equally low
Oh we never got actually drunk at work (tipsy on Friday afternoon maybe
> viennese is hands down the nicest german dialect
It's a lot of bad luck I guess, in general it is really safe here
Go find some other way to talk about those times of the day ... 24h clock face, "noon", "midnight", whatever ...
Or especially at the nicest most romantic small alpine villages at the bathing places at the river there is a warning sign for flash floods and a wave as high as a man drawn
We have a lot in common like dialect, culture, landscape and we both hate the rest of germany
An explanation of what these figures mean:
Tirol for example)
We are quite conservative with technology on the one hand but relatively liberal regarding sexuality
Also it seems like Germans are suckers for Austrian dialects or are at leats really interested in them
It's a quite common bike here, this and the Honda Hornet/CB600 are often choosen as starter
Oh that's fun
That's probably the most retarded idea that was posted on this sub in a while
Rather he pointed out the pragmatic inaccuracy, namely that he was missing the "please" as a sign of politeness/respect (which is a very Austrian thing to do)
Are there any official communication channels from the EU commission, that give details about what that deal will most likely include, or what has been negotiated so far
With Palatschinken at least I thought it's the other way round - sounds more slavic than german to me
I can't answer your main question, as I'm not a Germanist
We should start using shockshotpistol in english.
Two American ladies were waiting in line in front of me to get a Döner/Kebap at a kebap stand
Looked like 3rd world but it was nearly impossible to miss it even when you are complete drunk
There are lot's of more examles on the tip of my tongue, but at the moment I can't quite think of them
Iraq had almost daily bombings a decade or so ago
In Austria signing the contract doesn't make you the owner yet (you have a title claim) until the item is actually handed over to you.
same everywhere in europe basically impossible for students coming from out of the city to get their own apartment without payment from parents, neoliberal goal achieved
If you are interested in earlier history the Heeresgeschichtliche Museum in Vienna is probably a good adress.
As far as I know at least in Czechia an important reason why the population decline is less of an issue is that not many people left the country in the first place and the natural decline of the population is nowadays evened out by Ukrainians
And let's not forget that there is party in our government which had his portrait hanging in it's central [till recently] (hint: It's not the FPÖ this time)
A privatly rented one about 1
Exhibit A: Christmas
Thats juts as dangerous, he has a far right mindset and knows how to hide it (to some extend).
Not at all suprised that most Austrians are a closer genetically to our Slavic/Hungarian brothers than to the Germans.
If you are not exactly friends with someone, it may be inappropriate asking how much they make, or telling them how much you make
Thoughts and prayers of the EU kind, so to say
Brexit: effects on the currency / stock market
If you make a Wiener Schnitzel and then put sauce on it, it is no longer a Wiener Schnitzel
Another notable thing is that our village had it's 1000th anniverary in 1930
In theory it's still open, this is just the first projection at about 60% of votes counted, without postal ballots
John Rabe was elected leader and tried to stop the atrocities of the Japanese by using his rank in the NSDAP, but could only delay them
E.g. earn 2300€ net - 700€ rent, 300€ food, 300€ hobbies
I fear hofers turnout will be better this time
There is not supposed to be a big difference
As example Notre Dame, Cologne dome or Viennese dome are famous landmarks of their countries, so there is local interest to keep them in a good state.
What they should not survive is the bloodletting.
"Hasta la mista, baby
In some parts of Austria Senner were mostly women
Not that hard to be good at a sport you invent though
[Pronunciation]
Same goes for Germans ofc
Iceland
Go away Finland, noone likes those overachievers!
Sadly there's no subtitles and sadly the other episodes are not online
This so much
idk how to call them made out of twigs (Usually Palmbuschen I think
Germany is a lot more "culturally Western European" than Austria; the only exception is Bavaria
From what I heard he was a relatively good man, altough you never know what he did on the eastern front
We see it in Spain with Franco, Latin America, Africa, Russia and even China
To be fair, it was more about politics than nuclear energy.
thanks for the response, though
That is still just a simple mayority and not one of all eligible to vote.
The difference is that we are 100% sure that NSA is able to spy us
Calling them "Zigeuner" (probably equivalent to gypsy) is politically incorrect.
497)
Our battle will be legendary
In Europe, you have a slow rise to a frighteningly high number and then a sharp drop after measures were introduced
Don't do sports either, but am always warm from my childhood days
dialects otoh are impossible to learn
I just realized that Ressel wasn't born in Austria
Unless you're disabled you can easily just not use a straw at all
Squirrel is definitely the one that took me the longest to sound somewhat like a native would sound
Hello little one :3
As an Austrian: Go Dutchies
You know
Haha I used to think the same about Vienna's old inner city buildings
Ni mki_ naiz, Austriakoko naiz
In my opinion, the best Polandball comics are the funny ones.
If you think they‘d differentiate between fission and fusion, you are wrong
It‘s like everything is in dutch or smth: I feel like I need to understand it and if I try really hard I can understand the context but overall I have no clue what‘s going on
Found there the love of my life, best cevapi ever in Bas Carsija and some great live music in a club named Underground
Why won't you understand this
Then what do you call a party that uses election posters with solgans like "Daham statt Islam" which translates to "(At) home instead of Islam"
So far almost half of all night in June had temperatures above 20°C. During the day mid 30s on average
just the most glorious or martyr parts.
But I also visited a bit of the beautiful Scottish landscape and a Loch (I think it was Mormond but I'm not sure)
In various publications, during events and demonstrations, the traditions of the Burschenschaften and other groups are often put into a right-wing context by their opponents
I agree about the lack of democratic legitimisation though.
Lots of things with the ability to reduce your life are popular.
I found Finns share the same sentiment towards Sweden, for example (but correct me if I am wrong)
Across the border in Northern Italy there's the so-called [Erdpyramiden (earth pyramids)] which are quite awesome and unique-looking
And of course it's nice to have independent energy source, that's why there seems to be a consensus among the physics and science community that nuclear is probably going to stay where it is until fusion is ready to replace it.
Too many people against this
Key would be nice for this map
I really identify with this project where you can pay from Portugal to Finland with the same money.
Literally: „Kluane“ –> „Kleine“ [Shorty, Tiny, Little One] in standard german
If that's not an invasion, I don't know what is
The ethnological museum is still closed for renovation, I think.
i think heading to the gas station is a bad idea when youre bringing open fire with you...
>Because with the far-right I think many at least genuinely care for the future of their countries and Europe
Good Lord, thankfully it isn't. That means we still have *some* hope
I thought it was mainly about teaching little, _little_ kids pronounciation or something like that
Austro-Bavarian has some surprising similarites to English sometimes
But you will never have the choice of two rail operators or highways for the same route.
I wouldn't interpret too much into this.
That wikipedia trick is fantastic though, I usually do that when I want to know the name of a plant or animal or something specific like in this case the Staatsvertrag in various languages, because it also features a picture
If you can't find one, you could contact Venice's city hall/mayor's office.
Never again
Can you imagine the evil that the CSU-OVP alliance could accomplish
Also a job that's very much tied to folk culture
the leather conforms to your foot over time and makes them fit like a pair of gloves, and also makes for a much better foot climate than crappy plastic shoes as well
Look up pictures od "Schnitzel in Tunke" to see what the crime is supposed to look like
Nice
You can continue to add stuff, still does not change the truth
I blame you for a lot
Always be wary of the police, even though they are blue-collar ("What is a riot
Although I‘m not kidding unlike those [Brexiteers]
Coming back to the topic at hand, you can spot *the* native German speakers, but also some *the* Romance-language speakers, by the exact opposite thing, namely *the* overusage of *the* articles, and using *the* articles in places they're not necessary
Depending on context I'd say "one and a half" or "one point five".
Austrians (especially Viennese) say exactly the same thing of themselves.
And we are very thankful for it :) I love the Scots Dialekt but if you talk too fast I am doomed
I had a teacher who would say "das tangiert mich nur peripher" (english: _"this touches me only peripherally"_)
Cunts
Also people are not just annoyed by her being pushed everywhere, but also how the message is conveyed and what it has become, as usual caring for the environment comes with baggage that has absolutely nothing to do with it
Every second hipster shop that's remotely connected to producing something is calling itself a M A N U F A K T U R nowadays
And the borders between f, v and w are overlapping in German in general
Rotterdam was my favourite place
) WW1 and that my moms family had to change their last name to something more „Austrian“ to get money or something like that (I think that‘s how I remember the story)
and sometimes, there's just no single word to easily express the same nuance, or it does, but gives a different *feeling*. words like *cringe* or *awkward* come to mind, anybody else can think of more of those
The title pretty much says it, but for clarification:
Like the World Wars
Over here, university works more like a government office, you go there to get your education, but you wouldn't want to spend any of your free time there
Cold: 3 to -19
What have black humour and a black guy in common
Yes but from my perspective it is probably that: 1.
I'd say it happens most often with specific words where somehow the english equivalent just fits the intended connotation better
>How do you feel about the return of the wolf
may I ask why you follow Austrian politics in particular
No it's interesting how they got a Austrian company to do it even tough there was a trade embargo at that time
The higher turnout meant more people wanted to stop Hofer.
According to one of the other posters Ressel wasn't actually born in austria
A few countries have the ending in -ei for some reason (Slovakia-Slowakei, Turkey-Türkei, Mongolia-Mongolei, Czechia-Tschechei (not official, very colloquial))
In Vienna a lot of them do it
It's meee
Not good
EDIT: thank you to u/joelherman for starting this series of loveletters to one another
Ask your local highway fire department, they likely already have one or two
Gay people can get married now (old news), even if one of the partners has the nationality of a  country where gay marriage is illegal (new news)
But...we're going to ban indoor smoking in 2018...or something like that...
I'm not a big fan of mountains and I regard skiing as incredibly boring
But the Gendarmerie was no paramilitary formation in contrast to France
I would probably pick something like Australia or Canada.
We do
I assume almost no one could list all of them but at least the more educated people would definitely know that these are states in the US
You’d think that, you know, after the end of a large part of a conflict that resulted in the deaths of ~70 million people, that the ‘Allies’ would get together to resolve their differences and rebuild a devastated continent
Hungarian World War One memorial
That's done by levying heavy fines
Yes, I was just comparing US to Austria.
Russia wants to weaken the EU to strengthen Russia, while China wants a weak everybody-but-China
Yeah sorry for not being clear
Is it possible to get that image in a better res
Ireland is really bad as well :/
But apart from that
When the Kurz-Strache government announced to reduce the influence of the chambers I had to chuckle because I knew he had no real chance against the ÖVP leaders in the chambers
Dickshrinker
I read that he is rather famous and could very well make it, whereas I thought sarkozy was absolutely hated.
“ / english:
salzburg is about as austrian as you can get :D
No WAY that 61% of Austrian have a positive view of Germany
It was a celtic thing back in the day
They already were an international movement in the 30s of the last century.
Btw merry christmas in advance to anybody reading this
Yeah no one would use it
"Wos darad ma ohne handys
But the dough is made from potatoes
Personally, I use the -erl diminuitive heavily
Martiner Kochbuch] it contains basicly all traditional dishes your grandma made.
I said that because last year Hungary wanted to build a fence to protect its borders and the commision was not very happy about that.
I am atheist myself, but still pay church tax due to the listed reasons.
You may have noticed that Austrians have a negative view of everyone.
(in Baruch it's different than in Bernard)
He is said to have some of his demonic rites there
As such, Henry II moved his residence to [Regensburg] capital of the Duchy of Bavaria
That's how I like these little arrows
The Black Hand was afraid that a Serbian constituent country of a federation wouldn't have any interest in joining Serbia anymore
If you're coming from Turkey most people won't look at you as an Expat but most likely think you're an immigrant worker
I don't think that Austria (or the Schengen zone or the EU) should grant freedom of migration to US citizens.
We don't use it "officially", just ironically.
people who don't, you mean
And I don't start here with the Swiss
It's because they're homesick, I'm pretty sure
super Foto von der Riegersburg, dein Dorf erkenn ich aber nicht
> You need to be registered
I think it needs an existing "structure" in order to allow individual figures to take over
Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble, and to petition the Government for a redress of grievances.
That's a really odd question with no answer I can think of.
It's not that easy - the ABGB ( allgemeines bürgerliches Gesetzbuch) in austria was developed at the same time as the Code Napoleon - it was started even sooner in 1771 and enacted in its final form in 1811.
That is kinda fucked up
It really depends on what you count as "country".
The conservatives get a authoritarian boner about the possibilities shown to them by Covid Contact tracking
Which is kinda baffling to me, [how can you NOT like a woman with such class]
~~The Hammer of a Miner is called "Bergeisen" which literrally translates to "Mountain Iron"``~~
To add to all that, the house sits on the shores of Loch Ness
I'm already pretty fluent in english, german and slovenian are my native tongues, so russian (also currently studying) is relatively easy so far
000:
The real fail I guess is predicting 28 cents per card, shipping is more
I think it would probably be good for people living in any country to know the country's language, so they can communicate - for their sake
Scrolling through the programmes I was impressed when I found them showing Black-Ish on a Saturday, as that's the newest series I found
Does that mean we'll get Mechas?
They often expect and like that stuff unfortunately
By the time we were finished with our food the restaurant was flooded with little kids and their parents
For people from Vienna there's only "the city" and "the countryside". Since Innsbruck is not in Vienna, it therefor must be countryside and that clearly means the peasantry inhabits that place
* Ich habe heute viele Bäume in Österreich gesehen
Clicked on it, and it randomly gave me *Brandenburg Cragglethatch*.
His two younger brothers had just minor injuries so they had to stay in Stalingrad
I'm not actually Viennese :) My very countryside dad plays Zither and Bratsche, so those are naturally the first folk instruments I thought of
Just don't call us germans and you wont have problems.
Good job
The West station of Vienna, where Illusionists had been clapping at the arriving immigrants has become a No Go Zone where crime and fights between mostly Afghan and Chechen gangs can be obserced several times a day.
Nope
I remember when I was at a restaurant in Napoli and I wanted to order the bill but I didn't quite remember how to say it in Italian ("Il conto per favore")
Fun fact: We still have the longest residential building in the world
It was nice though
More a café thing, but also applies in bars
He has a microwave, he got it as a present once, but he has never used it, and uses it as storage room for plates and stuff instead
My Opa and Oma rode, my dad has been riding since he was 8, I have my license and ride occasionally with dad.
plus, they can't wear hats with their tornado winds on the coast :D
A square meter of buildable ground is going for at least €700 (upwards of €1000 in the right location)
What do you think about Austria and how is it perceived in your country?
"Es war der Wein von Mykonos "
Also *inside* public transport it's a lot better that outside
They get 1 million visitors a year, which means around 2700 visitors a day
Last time I checked, no hardware manufacturer spoke out against/sanctioned the Hong Kong protests in may way
If I'm gonna be proud of something, it's gonna be an actual accomplishment of mine, not being born within an arbitrary set of geographical boundaries
Wanna see these Qataris squrim when they don´t get their Mercedes, BMW and other luxury cars or even replacement parts
Actually, under the inner city and parts of the 2nd district, they go as far as 6 levels underground
Well it took us nearly a year to elect a new president who has more or less mainly representative roles.
It's 35 years old and has been through the wash at least twice
She does Indie Pop, her album Green Flash is amazing and her voice is really special
And this result is without them
Was in Berlin with my class last year
But why blame those things on the west?
I can't describe all forms of businesses we have but some things they all have in common.
It's not like you can take a ghost census
I don't think we have that kind of DC superheros
Well, "Hamburg Steak" it is then..
Our battle will be legendary
I'm confused, are memes dead now
A second civilian has apparently died
* rat (Rat = advice)
raises all kinds of questions about proof of authorship and the like
No and no
Dude, in Austria, our Health Minister has called off a resolution that would have banned cigarette smoking inside bars and restaurants, citing "freedom of choosing". That same person is the Social Minister and said that 150 Euros a month is "well enough for a sustainable life". Sometimes reality is the best satire
We're just sick of Germans telling us what we are.
In the case of Salazar however there is a stark absence of evidence for corruption linked to him
*Exactly* the same how it's done here and how it was for me as well
> But why do i get the berry sauce with my wienerschnitzel
Schlampen lasagne
Pretty sure somehow they'll blame us for it
Füße = Fiaß
You have to travel around the 1000 metre mark to get artificial snow and 1500 to meet real snow on slopes
From the capitalists' steak
>What I said originally is a known joke
Oh boy, my favorite topic lol
And as for Gibraltar - expect the EU from now on to be on the Spanish side of things - since you guys are not part of the club anymore
also would love to visit some of the national parks you have, it seems insane how much open, uninhabited space you have
We agree on disagreeing
Spain:
Oh no i'm so sorry
It's the ideal lingua franca in Europe for that reason.
A half eaten fleischkassemml and a six pack of the cheapest beer you can find, as well as the fact that slovakia with burgenland sticking out of it would look hilarious on a map
For a moment I thought this was a dig at Swiss German, then I remembered
Less friendly nepotism, more blatant corruption
It seems they count some UN mandate missions (such as ISAF) as wars
A Krainer is a sausage from Krain, i.e. Slovenia
Are there any official communication channels from the EU commission, that give details about what that deal will most likely include, or what has been negotiated so far
Chibi or Chiui
godmother/godfather would be Patentante/Patenonkel
Also, it was a heavily bastardized version of *Rock Me Amadeus*.
the Phoenix park is great
> Also, it‘s considered formal wear and you can get into many balls wearing it
Edit: that sounded almost apologistic, I only wanted to say that the Anschluss hasn't happened in a vacuum
What
Compared to it, everything would seem nice
It's not just lacking power projection it's also lacking strategic defenses.
Kinda
FN sells to consumers and is quite well known though
I think in most countries, people greet each other when hiking (unless it's a very popular and crowded hike)
I think we all know what I meant and you're only proving my point here
As long as somebody has a job in which he doesnt need German, I dont see the necessity of it
Also the name Arendelle -> Arendal (Norway)
Because that's how I think it is in Austria: trying to bribe a policeman
The usually fly them all year round tho
German: Stuhl - chair
(i always put the cart back and on the chain - but its easier for me to have not fumble with something after putting it back or coins i have to put away - so i take the cart back on the chain and drive off without something (coins or else) to stuff somewhere
They were also very close to Vienna already, when the Khan died
Most of the country has the same quality, in some other areas it doesn't taste that great but most people still drink it
Secession
The empire has nothing to do with Europeans learning English.
This is the NEW normal
The grass, in real life, wouldn't be that green.
If I have time, I'll post a spreadsheet with an example.
Not only due to beeing the central point to which most larger streets lead to  in the inner city and where the Emperors are burried, but due to it beeing a symbol of rebuilding the country after WW2
I have been asked for my passport numerous times when crossing back to Austria from Slovenia
I'm OK with no 24/7 but come on
" - Reminds me of George Bush
Mit Leberkas oder wenn man damit was Deftiges isst: Dann ist es mit Salz verdammt gut
We used to own it
AFAIK that is even their "global headquarter" since 1809
Baked
Many of them were put in concentration camps after the Anschluss
there is always some giveaway and natives can spot dialects and place other Austrians in a certain region within a couple of words
Life is not fun there
not dropout, he wasn't even exepted in
Edit: Typo
Honestly, i dont think that ever happens
Not shops but our tash cans on the street mostly have cute little wordplays on them revolving around
national states are a relic of the past and don't fit in our current interwoven economic system.
Just take it to eastern austria, we are dry too
But the layout and style is also very grandma like with very few pictures.
Putin recently made fun of this, when he said, that it's hard to talk seriously to people who confuse Austria with Australia
Are you folks in a lockdown at the moment
yes
It was kinda glossed over in the years after it, and we put ourselves in the victim position
Das althochdeutsche *austar- bedeutet soviel wie „östlich“ oder „im Osten“, und die altisländische Edda nennt den mythischen Zwerg des Ostens Austri
from the makers of the 'America first, the Netherlands second' video.
Slovakia: (I know too less about Slovakia)
Ok, but how much is that in AR-15s?
We have a love-hate relationship with Germany
Happend to my dad at work
Really...literally noone in Austria has ever seen 'The sound of music', yet we are constantly mocked with that.
I think the probability of someone just walking into my apartment is about zero
No it is not the same
\- Fred Sinowatz's sarcastic remark when it came to light that the former Secretary-General of the United Nations Waldheim was member of the SA (Sturmabwehr; a predecessor to the Nazi SS) and when he was confronted with an [Old Foto] where Waldheim was in SA uniform sitting on a horse and still told people that he wasn't part of the organization
E v e r y  shop is closed on Saturdays afternoon and all of Sundays and even the larger supermarkets have a reduced sortiment than what I’m used to in eastern european countries
I dont mind at all
However there were shelves in the back of the class where everyone student got a spot to store their books
Definitely this
Strange
I was actually quit astonished when I learned that Emperor Franz Joseph is negativly viewed in Hungary, but I would guess that's  also the case in other former parts of the Austro-Hungarian Empire
So how would it be a problem for German retailers
Stay with the UK, or stay with the EU?
120 	g 	Butter (für the breadcrumbs)
* Die wilde Jagd (The wild hunt): Warriors which hunt ghosts over your head
Sad for the 48% but it would be great if we could get rid of everyone actively trying to destroy our countries out of spite.
The old german version *austar- meaning „eastern“ or „in the East“, and the old icelandic Edda calls the mythical dwarf of the east Austri
Like, I'm pretty sure the spelling of Versteckt should be closer to "Vasteckd" or even stay "Versteckt", but neither properly show the pronunciation, so the point to writing in dialect instead of standard would be lost, while the way I spelt it gets the point across decently but looks wrong and probably still sounds off too
To answer your question: the land was divided up along ethnic lines in 1919 (Treaty of St
Though because it would lead into a war we should replace it with an EU army instead.
I wouldn't have written what i wrote if that wasn't the case
Power systems, track gauges, signals, platform heights, etc
Dublin is more like a long-stretched village than a city :P
If it's any consolation plattdeutsch lives on in Canada
Would you give a guy a foot massage?
They're not mutually exclusive
Kurz is not currently Chancellor of Austria, [Brigitte Bierlein] is
We promise to be nice this time and we won´t cheat on you with that Germans again
no one should take seriously anything this guy says.
And compared to the beginning of the week GBP/USD only fell by 3% (not 8.5%)
sadly not
Especially in history a lot boils down to opinion as things like motives and general public mindset of a time are always recorded with a bias.
It was at a discussion about denying the status of protection to deliquent/criminal asylum seekers/refugees
is it genetic, a certain style of makeup, or something stemming from windy/sunny climate
It's a norm in Austria and Germany, don't know about other European countries
The new constitution attempted to give both the Turks and Greeks equal rights, f.e. by giving the Turkish minority a veto power
Also puns
I'd say they are roughly equal as has the draw in the first game shown
New Austrian Tunneling Method (NATM): The most popular method of tunnel construction worldwide.
I've repeatedly heard and read that
But yeah, generally good advice, except for the timing right now
Wait, Slovenia isn't a part of Czechoslovakia
After lots of negotiation it was decided to release the island into an independent state
Uh, I don't hear that too often.
I'm so angry
Yeah, because we say something similar in German already (Tschechien), so you really notice how unwieldy it is having to resort to "Czech Republic" in English in comparison
8 trillion
For the Western Austrians it would probably be the Bierzelt.
in a nice non-aggression pact with
Karlheinz Deschner
But I'd try apple-Almdudler
hmmmm
Yeah, my vocabulary is more limited in german and I forget words pretty often
Or maybe his ancestors struck a pact with Asmodeus and now he can cast the Thaumaturgy cantrip
In Germany you only hear "Elsaß-Lothringen" as if it was one entity.
Vienna ~150m, Graz ~350m, Linz ~250m, Only Salzburg (~430m) and Innsbruck (~570m) are a little higher up, but still way below that average
He's often called "second Schindler", rightfully in my opinion
Way to go
Tokyo, yokohama, hiroshima, nagasaki, nagano, osaka
This doesn't exist in Austria, as far as I know (if you don't count Tirol and especially Vorarlberg, where Italian is common due to their geography
It was renamed to Fugging because people stole the Fucking- road signs all the time
This one is not as stupid but still really dumb: After the 2019 parliamentary election, the leader of the Social Democrats (who just received their worst result in a federal election ever) triumphantly proclaimed that her party is going in the right direction
Its ridiculous
But good riddance
Yes
The only useful constant throughout the past couple of years is our president, Van Der Bellen
I can still open my windows in the morning and let some fresh cool air in
Or like cigarettes
Some people use it, either in original form or pellets, but for most people wood stoves are a nice extra they put into their living rooms for that extra cozyness in winter
Our current star is [David Alaba] who won the Champions League with Bayern Munich.
They are the junior coalition partner in government
Dornbirn feels you
Tell me you're a German speaker without telling me you're a German speaker ;) "wer hat'n dir ins Hirn geschissen
In Austria, you can have a bit of cranberry sauce with it
Also sorry, here be bored for 12/13 years because there is no way to challenge you beyond the current curriculum
Deer do love to eat leaves from our fruit trees
The are well known as B2C in Austria for a variety of fruit juices and ice tea
We don't demand such ludicrous shit from serbia after the assassination of Franz Ferdinand and therefore don't have a reason to invade them
[Moneyboy - Dreh den Swag auf]
Fpö Wähler
I definitely see your problem, since there doesn't seem much choice in many countries anymore on who you can actually, happily vote for (and not just have a lesser-of-two-evils scenario) for someone with your political views.
It's white outside
Holy shit, that's unreal
Yes, he mentioned this several times
And thanks for your beautiful country and wonderful people
But the point remains that the center of his life was Austria proper and Vienna in particular
Edit 2: reports still only confirm only 2 dead (1 attacker, 1 civilian)
They apparently think this is a typical viennese dish, but nobody here knows why
Strong relations with the Commonwealth Realms are much more important
Yes of course
I mean, of course everybody would understand Russian or could be a native Russian speaker, but I don't know by heart what 'thanks' is on Ukrainian or Belorussian
Similarly, the act of cheating in exams is usually referred to as schummeln rather than spicken
Should be obvious
One about the nice things about the rickroll is, that I have never seen someone being actually upset about it
Here's also a [great article about Margrethe Vestager] one of the good people in the Commission
Solidarity ain't cheap if you don't need it
That's the name
I give you an example from an acquaintance of me, who was part of the ÖVP for 30 years
" So kommts dann zu solchen verrückten Geschichten und nach wie vor andauernder Dollfuß-Verehrung (oder zumindest kritikloser Mythenbildung) innerhalb der ÖVP
Well, most long distance bus lines don't even have cross border lines, actually the only I can think of right now, that does, is FlixBus; operating from Germany and connecting Germany with the neighbouring countries.
No, this will no change back during your lifetime
ok the sarcasm is obvious in that one
Actually it's from Milan though
> and we don't even use that one much
I've always wondered why americans call them steins
80 Jahren passierte nicht mit dem was heute los ist vergleichen.
It is said that the Döner Kebab sandwich was first introduced in Germany in the 1970s.
Social service and welfare facilities could enter the lottery if they wanted cookies
I thought this goes without saying, but I was talking about private users
Anything involving real estate agents and selling and buying houses, and families moving cross-country for work
Fuck that rich dude
Edit: in Austria, "ausrasten" means to relax, in Germany, "ausrasten" means to loose your shit over something
Inspired by the Asterix & Obelix post: who else had him?
No exporting etc
*Electric guitars wailing in the distance*
Not my dad, but I work in a care home for senior citizens in Austria and one of my clients told me his story
It all starts with corruption
Now they're even closer to print letters
the sauce they're in is weirdly sweet
Yeah, I didn't mean to be overly critical...
"Er hot s'Bsteck zspät bstöt"
Stopping welfare payments for migrants and their children and grandchildren, maybe
Every federal state (we have 9) has it‘s own main dialect Austrians usually can pick out right away, kinda like in the US where every state has it‘s own kind of english dialect
Auch der sehr übertrieben dargestellte Machismo, Sexismus, Upper-Klass-Getue wird von vielen nicht durchschaut, nicht als ein der-Gesellschaft-einen-Spiegel-vorhalten verstanden, sondern es wird in fröhlicher Stammtischmanier mitgemacht.
In the countryside, you would turn some heads, but wouldn't experience any open hostilities.
I'd like to add, ime WWI is 98% overshadowed by WWII is Austria's "public conscience".
I went there twice last year with friends
So, in short: the original word "e-mail" is already short and has been shortened further to "mail", so there's no reason to make it longer again while also excluding people, and use gmail instead
Though that clashes with modern suburbia
On the other hand the Polish were some of the most invested subjects of the Emperor
I wouldn't mind to move abroad for a while to work
Immigration from EU neighbours isn't a big issue in Austria, since these are people who integrate fairly quickly and peacefully, contrary to immigrants from middle east.
Not common at all
The only time I remember a death being announced during a TV show was that of Yitzhak Rabin's assassination
But we (romanians) worked on the franchise
[Ski lifts]
It‘s not a tradition it‘s politeness and I guess kinda part of our culture that you say hello, wish them well or start a conversation with anybody you meet in any area (except cities or highly populated areas)
And a good idea for a new "____ of Europe"
A few time a year I see a troop transport truck
English has some German words too (Kindergarten, Gesundheit, Rucksack, Poltergeist, Blitzkrieg,...)
Too many cunts hating on Austria in this sub
The interesting story would probably be pushed quite down on my reasons list, it’s actually the unique time-capsule state the whole country is kept in plus I am a huge fan of certain 20th century aesthetics, that are met in a country like NK
But at least it's cheaper, isn't it?
If it makes you add a second negation to your sentence when it didn't need another one, it's just 👌 the perfect strength.
And as for Gibraltar - expect the EU from now on to be on the Spanish side of things - since you guys are not part of the club anymore
That‘s why I avoid pronouncing certain brand names if I spoke German for a long period of time prior
The only "win" I can see is that Denmark reunited with (the worst) parts of (Northern) Schleswig in 1920 after a war they didn't fight in
austria is blue (140), get your facts straight
Made with either potato or Topfen (idk the english word)  dough
Most tyrolians see most of upper and lower austria as one dialekt while i can tell you at least down to the bezirk where someone from the waldviertel comes from just based of the dialekt
Super cool
Ahhh that explains it, totally forgot about that possibility
Yeah, there are the Higher technical schools which specialise into mechanical engineering, Electro engineering and/or IT
I know in the north is a bit different
Also m2c it's completely irrelevant because a state is defined through recognition both internationally and within its population (as well as the ability to enforce its statehood and laws), so it's completely irrelevant if there is a contract or not
Viennas water is mostly mountain spring water
The difference between palace and castle is often not very clear cut, since many old castles (in the sense of miliarty fortifications), later were trasnformed into palaces
Oh yes
Also birth place means nothing
Am I being whooshed
Sweatpants and t-shirt usually these days
Since my work has quite cheap but good food for very little (€3-4/meal) I get away with spending less than €150/month
What's not hard to explain is that every politician from the party Andreas Hofer is in is either a current or former member of a Burschenschaft
Beim ersten Bild hast Bayern vergessen sonst schöne Arbeit
I've never seen a refrigerator with a water dispenser
Oh that's fun
So you will most likely be able to use both just like you are able to say "good bye" or just "bye" in english
Very common
" he said
when we get fleeting interest and a noncommittal relationship instead, we can't help but feel "betrayed". you on the other hand find us stand-offish at first and then often surprisingly not as grumpy as you expected us to be, because the relationship level "just strangers having a chat" warrants much higher display of friendliness than we are prepared to give, but that changes more than you would expect it to
Oh, it is senor
That's the name
You can give them a set of nice clothes if you want the deceased to wear them.
Thanks, changed it
You didn't say Austria, but I´ll guess you meant us as well
It probably really depends what you compare it to and what you expect
Compare that to germania that they very much wanted
Looks delicious, but I don't consider the ones on the left "sandwiches" at all.
I don't know but it's annoying as fuck
lastname]@gmx
don't know why you are using chinese symbols for his first name.
yeah
Björn Höcke must be hated by more peole than til schweiger is
Is there something I can read up on this ? Because I'm really interested in learning more about this
I was looking for the Austrian comment, fearing somebody would write something other than Wels
Yeah there are a lot of origins of English in Nordic languages even tho they don’t necessarily mean the same thing
They erected a paper clip [monument] and even went as far as issuing a special [stamp] in 1999 (which looks pretty cool)
Glad such things only happened in the past and we got rid of any conspiracys from maybe not-so-good people
\+ you get the very nice positive effect that the afternoons/evening have sun
Love your pick
We should exchange them for something more useful for us.
Vienna's had an ongoing disagreement between the governing coalition parties about how to deal with that problem (more bans/police vs
But I want my 30+ °C, it's summer
We have parking lots at more frequented places, but in general if you want to go for a walk in the forest or in the mountains you can just leave your car on the side of the road
I recall a certain German Chancellor becoming a Russian cheerleader for Putin at the expense of us & Eastern Europe
Hallstatt
The hefty ransom was used to build a coin mint and finance the first big extension of Vienna as capital
"That he doesn't shame me tonight
u/rws247 suggested investing in an index fund that represents the global stock market or the entire developed world market.
Wow, I love this
Plus the amount of antidepressants given to kids is crazy
So next year they return, eat, drink and cheer again with the locals
Otherwise was my day really nice
Klagenfurt is the 6th biggest and many people outside Austria have never heard of it
Boys and girls meaning kids
The only exception I can think of is the "Becherkuchen"
I also love regional eccentricities like *epa* and *sochn*, which i have no translation for whatsoever
You can't have a dual citizenship in Austria, not sure about Germany.
I would put wstonia in good results
Well, if you've done Vienna already, Budapest (3hrs by train), Prague (5hrs) and Bratislava (1 hr) aren't too far away.
Prague was a bit more expensive but still very affordable, and a great city to visit
Well, I am all for discontinuing 1 and 2 cent coins if at the same time pricing stopps that would need 1 or two cent coins
There are many people in Austria who don't know much about this time
I want to be there
You understand me
What's that unit in "11 Mm"? I've never seen that abbreviation before
or are there other reasons
Absolute legend
We don't need an amoral powerhungry twat in Power for decades only because he imitates Orban and grannys want to fuck him
You think after failing to enter Hungary, those refugees are just saying "welp, time to go home I guess"?
As far as I know Ostmark was only used by the nazis as an attempt to weaken the Austrian national identity
Basically, a collective of elite students, often sons of lawyers and entrepreneurs, who get together and exchange mostly right-wing, nationalist ideas
I see that now, although i still find it weird to refer to countries when its about languages.
We have such a wide variety of dialects, I googled how many and according to studies there are too many to count them
Also on the street they can whipp you and get you
We're used to it
Sure, we're far from innocent
O right poland, that nation that exists again
But sexual assault, murder and kidnapping are also in the realm of possibility
Tüte is either an ice cream cone, or a marihuana cigarette (however the latter usually is also diminuitized as "Tüterl")
And overall, a good global image by being racially inclusive is probably more important to the company.
Is there any discussion in the us about that, if that is a weakening of the congress or if the president should have the power to make such decisions
One huge tiled one for the big living room
Yep, not gonna argue with that
————
They said 6 locations
I always trip up when I want to talk about the time between maybe 9-10 and 12 in a work setting, no it's not morning anymore dammit, it's already Vormittag
Also, when I read your post title, I thought it was the parking lot somehow wandering about :D
I thought the Romans never invaded them
And people assuming that high schoolers don't have sex
Slovakia is stalking their ex
Nope
Why make a wonderful crispy schnitzel just to make a soggy mess out of it by pooring sauce over it
Thats a new bathroom
10 Videogames that will turn your kid into a mass murderer!!!
Yea, it's a Meme-abomination stemming from r/Austria
Because the spoken language/pronunciation, and the written language, meant to be legible in the next village over, are not the same
"Warning: falling cows"
then there are americans i met through my self help group concerning my disease that couldn’t even afford to call an ambulance (despite working 2 jobs AND having insurance
Totally agree
Pölten, Graz, Eisenstadt, Salzburg, Klagenfurt, (Lienz,) Innsbruck and Bregenz
I'm surprised that I had to scroll down this far to find that!
Buschenschanken and Heuriger are for hikers etc
* the terror attacks are based on Islam (he's saying not all muslims are terrorist, but the people doing the terror attacks in europe are muslims)
I knew that I did nothing wrong and they apologized after realizing it.
Yes,  that sounds right  I never new that the sun was neutral in many languages
We like to suck up to authority and stick to a "traditional order".
We aren't killing our cows either with electric fences.
It’s not German and I’m not used to it
I'm not anti-American in any way, but running elections is definitely not your expertise.
Right-wing parties really are the same everywhere
I'd assume this historically stems from social democrat governments that implemented it to combat potential systematic disadvantages women faced.
In its selfclaimed goal the second Yugoslavia under Tito attempted an amalgation of the various constituent peoples into a single identity
Haha I actually knew it at some point
An de buididipí
Those four
other parts are still in more of a patchwork manner, require stopping at traffic lights and riding next to cars, etc, but overall I'm happy
I am not really keen on seeing what goes into the Leberkäse, but it is delicious still.
yes in favoriten I see full face covers daily
That's at least what our populist-right party did when they realized that a majority of the population actually doesn't want to leave the EU.
One of their neighbors was shot dead when his window shutter jammed and opened with a loud noise, startling one of the soldiers
Your country is beautiful, your food is excellent and it's decidedly low-key
Might be the same person, everything is pretty much in limbo right now
Maybe
My grandmother used to tell us about the girls in the village that got involved with the soldiers - village gossip at its best
Hmm, i can't really think of anything special about german in general.
shame that no one can understand them.
an hair dressers
" Don't. Period
Building hospitals goes hand in hand with bribery and a political scandal here, just saying
I for one didn't expect it to bounce back THAT quickly.
Which, living in the alps, obviously didn't use to be like that
good ol' impaling
- I'm really purist when it comes to eating Schnitzel with lingonberry jam
Funny, this post is about pets, and then I see pictures of polar bears and octopuses
The taxes from the sales would create a lot of money which are needed for budgets like health care, education and pension
But you need to drive around 50 minutes to the south, over the great Voralpenland plain, in order to see some Alps
What all four countries/regions have in common is that from the 70s on credit became cheap for these governments
When looking for a master's I found out that we actually have a surprising amount of private universities for business studies
Austrian [states] are somewhat important.
The Balkans is where two big christian churches clashed with Islam, where Empires and nations influenced by western, eastern European and the muslim world met and mixed
And it was totally clear that it would end like this in the case of Brexit
Then I remind them that we invented the language they are bastardising
Yeah same, just like for you, there's a few things that come first for me, before feeling European, which I still do though.
Poland wasn’t exactly ‘occupied’ between 1795 and 1918 either (at least not in the sense that is being implied), it simply ceased to exist (which is probably even more insulting than being occupied or a puppet state)
Funny thing is that in Austria, even the voters of right-wing FPÖ are majority pro homosexual marriage.
Idk sitting on a bench and eating a Leberkassemmel is totally fine, but walking and eating would be considered inappropriate
Gottesanbeterin - woman that is praying to god, (female) worshiper of god
Austrian dialects are declining
A gift, as well as poison is something you *give* someone
How old was the stepson
But I have no idea why it is this way
They have an english cook, german wine and dutch cheese
In 2012 Austria and Slovenia even had a whole court battle over the naming rights
my brother was apparently an angel
Today, I mainly watch every series in english
She's a prime example of how the EU can be great if we send the right people there; freed from the pressures of national politics, they can actually work *for* the people they represent
Iirc he woke up but is still potato
See you at eurovision
It was in the middle of the migration when it officially given up because a software used in the Kindergartens did not run on the distro and then all PCs already ran on it were replaced with new PCs wits Windows Vista for 125
You need to know that in order to follow your courses.
at least that's what i would guess if I had to.
It's not just a guy it's a party, but what would you call Le Pen for example
What's happening in Istanbul
meh, its kind of boring and needs tons of cream as lube
Ah okay makes sense
> My first thought; what does something like this even look like
Oh man thats sad
I think this more nuanced view is pretty important here as we try to understand how this could happen and that our ancestors were just evil isn't a very good explanation
Now I get it, your Austria flair kinda fucked with my head.
Ofc I know the proper german words for the thing, but sometimes my brain just flatlines and I‘m just staring at the person for minutes and forgot what it was
I know it's very touristy, but the mixture of the old part of the city, the olympic part and then the huge beach is just something very special for me
I honestly can't remember the last time I paid for a toilet around here or even on holiday elsewhere on the continent
Carpet floors in public buildings/offices
Raulio	FI
Well, Triest is traditionally the point of reference in all of Austria, so yes
Source 2 confirmed
Weren't the deals made before the delivery?
Moneyboy is the new Mozart
as an austrian, i can connect several occasions from different countries all around europe into important historic moments for austria
[this one] from syracuse
Utilities excluded, shitty roommates included.
Best case scenario
Yeah, that one is a little annoying, but it directly gets filtered into the spam folder for me, so it's only a minor nuisance \^\^
In Iceland
> How do you learn to ride in traffic without veering into another lane
The name Österreich (German word for Austria for those who don't know) came from "Ostarrichi" and was first mentioned like a millennium ago
Having grown up with a supposedly more complicated language doesn't make you more intelligent or the superior human being
The mountain trails should be fine
I wouldn‘t even have thought of them
I'd even say that some faculties are rather glad when you don't show up since some classes are filled to the brim anyway.
Egal = igual
Kurz fucked up a lot
Some elders may look funny or think that you are a girl (maybe they have bad eye sight)
I think you missed the joke, picture is just a joke.
The word "Piefke" actually refers to the Prussians not Germans in general
Never rely on a single source
Thinking back, I remember how in Doremi they showed *very obviously japanese Onigiri* and called them cookies
I whish there was a popular pro-EU party who bashes foreigners (as in non-eu citizens)
Democracy proceeds to go bye-bye
But to be fairly honest right now, I barely know foreigners that know anything about Austria, so finding a building people know is really difficult for me rn
FTTB isn't really a thing here either
When I was a child we regulary went to Vis, an island you can reach by ferry from Split, and I have some real nostalgia about that.
But in politics and media it's only about high paying white collar jobs
Nope, only for those living in the mountains (i.e. south-west)
Stuff that happened overseas doesn't count!
That's not what I said but nothing you have said sofar would lead me to belive that you are a guy for nuances anyway
We had lockers
You cannot get much more ‘morally inferior’ than that
Made with either potato or Topfen (idk the english word)  dough
>I always thought that story was impressive, but your relative's sounds moreso
He did have a rifle, a pistol, a machete and lots of ammunition
i don't mean that the law makes it illegal to hide your face right now, but law enforcement will assume you're up to no good if you do.
I do early don’t even think the other stuff tastes like beer
Water included, other drinks not.
Someone suggested Nazi era Praha above - I think with AC's map sizes one could easily make a Resistance game that covers Czech and Austrian territories
Actually, Schweinsteiger doesn't sound dirty to me.
Are there any official communication channels from the EU commission, that give details about what that deal will most likely include, or what has been negotiated so far
I guess you should've ventured out of the Inner City a bit then
I never find people talking about their wages in my branche which makes me clueless about how much I should be earning and it sucks
I wouldn‘t mind living in Switzerland tho
Germans ofc
To get a feeling of how it is [here's the episode 7 on YouTube] It's about the Anschluss
The new Austrian health minister on his way to his swearing-in
The politics in the 70s/80s were also very good for it's time, especially under chancellor Kreisky
You can drive between them in less than 1 hour.
The entire east coast was amazing.
1,95€ *without* taxes
Not anymore
(sorry, only found a German link)
i haven't heard of a more butt hurt group than those extremist muslims since i saw the pony show that has become the U.S. presidency and it's constituents
I have never heard the Slovenian name for Trieste, but it seems fitting that you just took all the vowels, removed them and called it a day
I looked it up, at Statistik Austria.
We had two different Polices before they were unified but none of them were Military Police
Do you draw a line for types of fish too or do you est fish at all or
Nobody here's physically forcing people to lay down their belief
You can live in Austria or Germany for 10 years and never once come across Plusquamperfekt or Futur II
Flugzeug - flight thing - plane
I actually really like the spanish version of Joachim, Joaquin
u/lila_liechtenstein posted this link that summarizes it quite well: [
"Guten Tag" (Good day) and "Habe die Ehre" (An honour to meet you) are both (albeit positively) judgmental and therefore don't fit the Austrian perma-grumpy, misanthropic/pessimistic mindset well enough to be considered formal.
Cake, coffee, cigarettes and jagertee or some sort of herbal liquor, because whether you are in the country, I'm pretty sure you will find a place that smells like that
There's just too many cases and judges don't fall from the sky
^^Disclaimer: ^^I ^^got ^^Wehraboos ^^from ^^a ^^german ^^subreddit ^^- ^^so ^^don't ^^give ^^me ^^the ^^credit ^^for ^^it
Hardly popular in Tirol, and by hardly I mean I've seen cider in supermarkets but have never actually seen someone buy or drink it
Attention is on the thing - here the trees)
*vaguely gestures at everywhere*
It's quite obvious really
Portugal, Spain and Greece all became democracies and joined the EU making it an attractive investment
When you are talking it sounds just like a song, even though I don't understand a word I could listen to it always
Russia
I'm only able to speak it fairly well, because when I was 12 I really wanted to play Yu-Gi-Oh and all the cards were only available in English
Obviously the governing bodies would try to be as diverse as possible, having, for example, a Czech head of state will most likely end up being problematic in the more distant countries.
I usually drive "auf Sicht", which means "on sight" - so if I can see far enough to stop within a reasonable time I drive the speed limit, sometimes faster
We are perfectly capable of organizing horizontally.
And it's still topping studies for most liveable city.
Root of many spooky and dark stuff is the 30 years war which wracked havoc on the land and caused hunger and desperation
Are you from bavaria or baden würtenberg
Is there a reason why Andorra and Luxemburg got a mention but others like Liechtenstein, San Marino or Vatikan did not
The headlines on at least the English version still work, I don't see more than 10k per day for about a week or even month(s).
* sex
Christian Socialist Party Members disagree strongly, call for re-vote
Estonia = Estland (Estonian-Land)
All of them
It's a catastrophe here ... Teacher are clueless and the government things the solution are tablet classes ...
I completely forgot Wels existed
It's a very common sight if you walk on the streets
There is probably also some system for the "-ich" ones but I dont know it
PLEASE FAR NORTH
Edit: and if somebody else makes a who‘s/whose error I won‘t notice it, until somebody else points it out lol
>And plenty places with names that are not accurate "anymore".
We have teams of de-lockers regularly visit all the bridges to cut them off to prevent bridges from collapsing
Always brought fun new beers to try too
Biggest plus is that they display the true delivery cost right from the start - which is deliberatly hidden on amazon before the final order-window.
German humor is no laughing matter
Wenn Fliegen über Fliegen fliegen fliegen Fliegen Fliegen nach
This is something you should want anyways because it's in the interest of the tax payer.
"others" - Germans abroad commit more crimes than Germans in Germany.
The Romans stayed there until around the 4th century, then the *Quadi* came and fucked shit up
" (You got the trash, baby
A very commonly understood foreignlanguage, yes, but not a local language at all
Also if i found the right youtube channel he has less than 10000 views and a little more than 200 followers there.
Oh /: yeah, here the people who aren‘t from around here will adopt our dialect
I get why they are *brown*, but the *hash* part is very confusing
I remember being on holiday on a small island in Croatia (Vis) when there was a wildfire there.
Socially conservative and economically liberal
But I think far-right ideologies and their "us vs them"-mentality are just as dangerous to Europe's future.
I’m most surprised with the small percentage of conservatives
There are multiple reasons to vote strategic
People being on federal land, and also people being chased from rural private properties by shotgun-weilding grandpas
The mountain trails should be fine
Austria:
Somehow reduce the money that can be put into a presidental campaign - the way it is now every candidate who wants to win pretty much has to sell himself to shady corporations to fund their campaign.
Die Welle
I always get everything mixed up when it comes to English and German
Well, I made the conscious decision to move here so yes, I like living in Austria
You dont get it, the more the state does the more socialist it is, thats how it works
Just today as I was going out on a ride, I almost got hit by a car cutting me off during a turn into a bike lane as I was leaving the regular road
To work and therefore live in Austria you have to speak German at a very high level to get most jobs.
The Dame *Aiuóla* of the fantasy story *Neverending Story*
Where are you looking
(Also, you are lucky you aren't reading the mod q atm ;) )
&#x200B;
Spreading FREEDOM^(TM) with military - always a great excuse
But the two drains are standard here
In Graz very often, in more rural areas never
] But I don't like the Croatian font as much
Germans are not all similar (eg
Does it work for Austria
protonmail is definitely a good choice.
Also I think the city is very beautiful and has certain aspects not every big city has, for example the "old Danube" which is like an oasis in the middle of the city
I mean it's nice if she's trying to teach us about it but seriously, if you're trying to do that then do it right and don't teach your students who believe everything you say BS
The killing is painless and the animals do not feel a thing.
From my limited experience I don't feel like doesn't help you at all
They did a study and came up with a ridiculous number of files that are apparently saved on every storage so now you have to pay some extra euros when buying empty CDs, SD cards, PCs with internal hard drives, hard drives, a smart watch,... and that money goes to artists without them providing anything to the people who pay that stupid fee
I think minus the catholic aspect the UK might be similar
Going from the biggest German speaking city to the second biggest one is not even close to as different as you can
“ but otherwise nobody really talk/brags/complains about their wages
It can happen, that specific bacteria concentrations get too high every once in a while
I've never had a fund that got liquidated myself.
Oh really
other than slopes there's little to speak of
In the HRE the influence was quite substantial because unlike the tribal and customary regional laws it had a major body of academic work backing it up and it was recognized throughout the empire.
If it is a large city they sometimes may mention *only* that
The only ones really complaining were the ones who like to complain about every fart that comes out of any non-Austrian ass
The governement in Berlin had to send out a directive to their party officials in Vienna, to chill the fuck down and control the situation
Maybe a mixture
:-)
Seriously
Even if just to prove the guarantees of peace of the victorious powers of WW1 for the sham they really were
I know China also has a space program because it's featured in The Martian movie/book
If you were to include this one you would have to include all of them (e.g. Bosnia, Kosovo, Mali, Lebanon, etc
I mean, I guess with the freezing cold and all that, but I can't imagine wearing that much clothes around here
Not sure I understand the question.
Maybe they have them in eastern Galicia
On the one Hand he was a proponent of Dollfuß and the "Ständestaat" but then again he suffered quite a lot at Dachau
Well played
We also use "It's a spanish village to me" (like the balkans)
The front side, as seen in the linked article, has
000 while Vienna had ~50
I don't hang with crowds like that
Now you finally figured out why we queue for the loos, and always go in pairs or groups
And the lives and wellbeeing of the normal people where not important
Thats for taking Silesia and for what you are doing to our common language
Please, the US looks at Europe like we’re a lost cause and shows 0 respect
10 KV 361 by W.A. Mozart is one of them but I would answer with Mozart pieces in general
>low German influence
Or would it be rather pointless
It's not really fraud - it's using loopholes in the tax code - loopholes that won't be fixed since it would need concentrated effort of all countries against it.
How can a self proclaimed first world country react in such a way and not in a diplomatic way
when wiener (viennese) reallised there city is shit they started immigrating to lower austria, but lower austria didn't want them so they founded a new village, threw all wiener there and called it wiener neudorf (new viennese village), but they kept coming and soon wiener neudorf was to small so they foundad a new city, threw all viennese there and called it wiener neustadt (new viennese city)
From my own experience they are less popular with our audiences here than operas from other composers though, which may be partly due to their heavy pathos and lengthiness
The Turkish diaspora is a mighty fine culinary ambassador
However it is very unlikely that anything is still going to change
Under the Franco regime Catalonia became the economic powerhouse of Spain and Italy tried for decades to industrialise the South
I didn't know about him, but I follow him now
Looking at the Norwegian border, you don't have _anything_ there to start with ;)
In designated FKK areas, everybody
* [Schloss Belvedere, specifically Upper Belvedere] or more specifically: [The Österreichische Galerie Belvedere] And wikipedia can explain why I chose it better than I can: _The Belvedere's art collection presents an almost complete overview of the development of art in Austria and, thus, an insight into the country's history
(Gesetze im Verfassungsrang)
Alright then, no worries
I’ve never felt unsafe being out and about alone at night, but obviously I always keep an eye out for suspicious people nonetheless
Because of similar experiences nearly every time I actively look up the lyrics of a song I like, I normally make it a point of *not* listening to lyrics in songs anymore
-> Diebie Bububeben veberstebeheben nibicht, wabas wibir sabageben
The leader of Austrias rightwing party FPÖ has made several rap videos.
I don't understand Tirolerisch, Kärntnerisch, Burgenland-isch(?), Vorarlbergerisch und Schweitzer dütsch
plus he was born really near at the German border
I was to Klagenfurt a few years ago and it was really nice
I moved out when I was 18
Don't kid yourself
Vic II: Mostly Austria trying to reform into the Danubian Federation and freeing all its nations from Prussian, Russian and Ottoman opression
I had already noticed groups of Immigrants on the train from the Unterland to the town.
Correct
And after all that, he still had the audacity to name his newly-founded party after himself
In 1920 when the first republic was established, they abolished it again, the country was trying to be modern and liberal in general
> but anyone still Pro-Brexit after three years of learning what a catastrophically bad situation this is for everyone is someone I'm not concerned about alienating
But how does it work with blueberries, these dumplings must be tiny
The weirdest part about that is that lots of people consider Merkel to be left.
there are answers to these "Pandora questions":
I’m barely on any german site or social media, so I don’t write in german often and at this point I understand english better than my native language
No idea if that even actually exists, but a nice word nevertheless
if you want to behave like an asshole in public, don't come to austria.
That's Austrian (Styrian) though
OK so assuming this would actually be built
It just comes from "Osterrichi", initially just meaning "place in the east (of the Empire)" iirc
Not in this context
Additionally weeding out high risk individuals would be a service to actual people in need since it won't give them as much of a bad reputation.
And that move was only about 100 years ago
Basically you'd have to beat many professional traders to be successful.
Schnitzel and Beer is well liked.
Shall I go on
A very very large part of our Austrian kitchen language comes from Bohemia
I agree that we'll most likely not hear much about it again, although for other reasons
I really like the "official" ones, like police, military and some government cars, that have the [coat of arms]
What did you expect as the reaction from the EU to the Brexit referendum ? Did you have the hope for preferential treatment ? All at the same ? Just with no freedom of movement ? Where you that oblivious ?
The first documented mention of Austria dates back to 980ish
Many fans will never forgive Netflix for "Money Heist
I'd rather buy something that is measured out to be the amount you need for a portion than throwing away stuff I don't need
-Jörg Haider
Either they're Alexa Chung, or completely off-the-charts trashy and chav
Can confirm was searching for a flat in the UK and every single advertisement said *living room, bed room, bathroom and english tea making room*.
My comment was obviously about targeting American companies.
First commenter, you are apparently shadowbanned
Currently unemployed so I hope the public transport connection is better at my future job, because it was a fucking nightmare
This coalition is, in my opinion, a good compromise between the conservative majority in the country and the more progressive parts of society
Also the complete lack of Congress and Senate term limits, almost completely unlimited freedom for social media providers to control public opinion and spread false information without repercussion, the fact that elected officials are sparsely to not at all held accountable for corruption and spreading lies and conspiracy theories
I still think it is exceptional that one of the most important european friendship is between France and Germany nowadays
When I team up with Romanians in Counter Strike, I somehow always ask them what they think about Ceausecu, most ofnthe time they say that they like him and that he was a good one
Do all these things still exist there
they started drinking at noon and stopped at midnight.
Person living in Vienna here
Those are the very same people who lied in our faces about the islamic kindergartens.
It should be treated as such (which basically means it is exempt from the shared market and requires a dedicated license in each country)
Ok, let's get started
Just a quick reminder of what some EU institutions are: (If I write something that's wrong, please correct me)
It's meaning something doesn't matter
Mby he is from another country.
It just doesnt work
It's very a similar dish, only that Spinatknödel usually are bigger
Police: you are arrested, please come with us
It's about the commen denominator in the structure of faces
Tgere are 20 years old having no clue
It blew a considerable [notch] into this otherwise [pretty indestructible structure] (I'm not exaggerating, those towers are truly and awe-inspiringly hardy)
i think you might be on the wrong continent
we have all balkan flavours in eastern austria.
Hair ARTner
Kopf und Schulter, Knie und Fuß, Knie und Fuß.
That still leaves the quermstion of what you expect Germans to do,what do you mean by carrying the burden
Silberstein
Schönbrunn and Hofburg are among the top visited places in Vienna.
French – Vienne
Otherwise there would have been substantial change long ago
I basically grew up with stories about how negligent and irresponsible people there are
If I had to move to another country I would just move behind the border in Bavaria which isn't far from my home.
No, high German is what developed in Germany as a "common denominator German". But while in Austria (and probably all German speaking nations besides Germany) it is much more common to speak dialect, but *write* in high German, Germans have widely adopted it for speaking as well
You have been banned from /r/Austria
off
At this point there's no reason to still cling to the electoral college
> Although for Ukraine things probably got better, Russia has went downhill since then
I think at some points in the 1800s Vienna was even one of the top 10 biggest cities in the world (#1 being Beijing most of the time until 1900)
There is no good German word for "savoury", for example
So Austrian-German has many words that are different from German-German but are for the same things
[highly relevant link]
you guys are only joking
In another comment someone asked about ethnicity, too, so I thought I'd explain.
Parts of the Alps and a few smaller national parks
No it doesn't. It indicates that people sleeping one hour less for a day puts the body under stress
They remind me of what we in Austria use for the game of [Schnapsen] The symbols are totally different, though
But when spoken there is no chance of misunderstanding as the first meaning has its emphasis on UM the latter on FAHREN
just wrapping it in aluminium foil works
Oh, didn't know it
The eagle was adopted from the austrian empire which in turn had taken it from the romans
In Austria Nazi is not enough of an insult in and by itself
No need to keep them occupied even more
It is still far more varied over longer distances and also compared to Germany-German dialects.
insurance card, some functionality of an e-id was added later on, and was subsequently replaced by Handy-Signatur
>except I accept one with like 2-3k/month
a country with laws like that has no place in the eu.
There is a very easy test for this question: Which national football team do they support?
Or just a Leberkassemmerl
A "similar" case
It's more like the UK informed others to leave the gym, and the others are meeting to decide what new equipment will be bought once UK is gone.
It's the opposite here
No Kernöl? No good
Nobody denies the hundred thousand people cheering for Hitler's speeches nowadays
That's really important
So a "hallo" has to surfice
And while I believe I might have an easier time understanding why a sentence in built in a certain way because of this, I don't think he's lagging behind all that much
Nothing about discussing with these people is worthwhile
There's also Schwindelzettel
He also explains how to smuggle too high donation past the regulations and mentions multiple other people who have done so, including some of austrias most wealthy industrials
It's mainly men not only knowing how to cook but  wanting it, trying out new things and so on
I always say that every city has its bad districts while Wels as a whole is the bad district
Well to be fair, it's the only logical choice.
First Turkey
Especially in the last 30 years Austria's involvement in WWII has dominated the public debate.
Every heard of the [Freedom Party of Austria] Their candidate Norbert Hofer had a real shot at becoming our next president last year and the party itself is currently polling at
In French for example you have: le imparfait and le passé composé (which in any non romance language are the exact same thing, I think) than you have le plus que parfait and le passé simple (the latter one is hardly used anymore, iirc) and I'm sure I forgot about at least one.
Apart from the fact that there actually are people here proving him wrong, I don't think that it's really necessary.
you might have to research the visa regulations a bit, but as US citizen I think that the regulations are not too strict, as long as you apply for a visa beforehand and can prove that you have sufficient funds for the time you are staying here.
As the law has never been reworked, it is not very detailed
Just multiple spelling errors
Really
It's only a good story for tabloids.
We use it only for food, and the younger ones not so often
Don't get me started on that goddamn Austrian gas station
Thankfully it's dirt cheap
Before anyone asks, yellow counts as green and purple as blue
Centuries under Ottoman rule weren't kind to the region as the Ottoman's rule was extractive instead of transformative
Kinda get the feeling you would "killing soviets on Nazi Side" no matter what
And then there’s my family who named a child born in the 2000s not Wolfgang but Wolfram
Ein Klassiker
They have been invaded multiple times and lost a large percentage of their population.
How can you switch off something like GLONASS or GPS regionaly, if the satellites are just broadcasting telemetry data?
), 100, 1000, 1000,... also don't have such a form
Marriage is a show of commitment to such long-term relationships, and as such the state chooses to reward it
Its not irritating once you know they're Americans.
But let's try it again
Niederdeutsch
taking the big boy toy away should help solve the problem
Inhalte überwinden
Well, the k.u.k did a lot of fcked up shit in the first world war
Even in school the only time the whole continent was talked about was 1) when the "Out of Africa" theory came up in biology class and 2) when history class taught us about colonialism
Also some websites: "Fuck off, we don't want you anymore" as I just found out:
lol
we have those rather seldom - mostly the ones where my keychainthing works fine :)
In Germany 3
The actual politicians of the Christian-Social Party (i.e. the leading force behind the move to Austro-fascism): they became Nazis, otherwise arranged themselves with the new regime, fled, or were sent to concentration camps along with their socialist arch-enemies
No, I meant instead of Wienwoche
And honestly I've worked for business owners who paid their workforce less than what an Uber driver makes, who claimed they can't fix broken office chairs because there's no money and then went on at the company Christmas party to throw around with money and brag about all the sports cars and real estate they bought recently
Edit: We also abbreviate other words, like "das" ("the") with s, but it doesn't appear without a noun that it's used with so idk if that counts
They have loud-speakers everywhere, out of which the song ["Danger Zone"] blurrs at a high volume 24/7
Last time I drove by, I saw someone at least
WOW what a reaction
I also heard Germans making fun of Austrians for our dialects
Boring, everything artificial and you felt caged
First time I'm hearing about this
I wouldn't call an exemption from one of the core principles of the EU "meaningless".
It's the face turkish imigrants cuisine in Western Europe
That‘d be perfect XD
Italien and Chinese Restaurants are common, even in pretty rural areas
But they are on avverage much more religious than Christans.
I don't really think that any current EU country will actually leave the EU or the Eurozone.
Yes they have a Kollektivvertrag now
But that's also kinda the point I was trying to get at
You can observe similar trends from our own people who want "the strong man" running the country but mostly are uneducated
Apparently the word [is of Quechua origin] so yes
They sell almost everything portion wise, e.g. Shampoo, coffee, coffee creamer, sugar, etc
I mean, just look at Ireland, their language was almost eradicated
Nah
It always goes well into the morning and sometimes continues after that at some friends place for breakfast
yeah
There‘s no limit
Don't bother
Slovenia is so weird to define in these terms
I was in the Salzbergwerk Hallein and would go there any day if I had the chance
;-)
So because of you German flag I wasn't sure, if you called Munich a center-right city or just used the American association
Great job, Austria
They've always been living in their distinct bubble out of the way of Austrian society.
In elementary school: Frau Lehrerin/Herr Lehrer
At one, drinking beer at work was totally normal
500 years ago the 30 Years War started so we weren't maybe very friendly to protestants
let me simplify for you:
source
Should be met with a prison sentence, unbelievable
Because people keep calling normal political enemies all the time.
Older yeah, but not bigger in a matter of size (population, territory), plus Austria isn't that big of a deal internationally.
If I may ask, social role in what sense
Not everything must be must be digitalized
Preach it, pastaboi
Yes that is right
On the contrary
Die / Das Cola
I at first really had to think what you even mean by that
I would put wstonia in good results
also the direction changes, while in English it's 66-99, in German it's 99-66 (that's how it should be, ultimately depends on the font though)
If there are any Austrians here, they should feel free to add more that are either in their home state or also well known
thank mr skeltal
Linz: good economy, lots of job opportunities in technical industry, boring and not beautiful
Oh yes
Rocks, pebbles, stiletto heels
Good times
It takes a lot more effort to attempt and influence Turkey so they don't develop in a direction that "we" don't support.
I will piss on your beaches next holiday for that
They have to put atleast the minimum wage according to the wage agreement of your industry.
He continues to "visit" her, and brings her pieces of cloth every time, so she can make a ladder and get down herself
Second Head of Parliament also steps down, probably for similar reasons
Dammit, this guy might be right
Don't try to teach us as to why we are acktually "ethnically" or "genetically" or whatever, Germans
Braunau
Oravala	IT
We're talking about the European kings of corruption here.
We learned in school that the French word for "to kiss" is "baiser".
> Tschechei
I was working as a ski instructor and once a German tourist asked me if we wear normal clothes as well in our freetime
E.g. longer country names have of course a translation (e.g. Vereinigte Staaten von Amerika for the USA, but "USA", the letters pronounced in German, is used too)
I can only really comment on younger people with a university education here, but among those, white iPhones, Gucci bling and Luis Vuitton bags is definitely looked down upon as a class identifier, and seen as only being liked by working class Turkish immigrant kids, chavs and gopnis, maybe those who didn't go to university and started working right away when the were 20, and "basic" people (Tussis, basically those who study law or economy and who party at posh inner district clubs instead of at raves, festivals or more alternative clubs)
It *is* fucking weird, and embarassing
I mean, there *were* some fucked up Roman Emperors
Both of my grandfathers were kids back then.
I can imagine that would have caused even more of a clusterfuck, especially with Hungary
I didn't notice at first, "english stasi" seems really unfortunate :D
Since we have English classes from elementary school up, and English is one of the subjects you must graduate in, I'd say yes, especially for everyone under 40-50
Also, the UK was a very welcome partner wrt economic policies for Germany, where those two had similar intentions and were opposing France and others.
Frohe Weihnachten
I’m a religious Weißbier drinker but maybe on a road trip sometime I could try it
Various forms of [self-made cookies] gingerbread included.
Do you have any Italian shops near you
„Oh so you‘re from Austria
I know it sounds fake but they are really literally called Edible Dormouse or Fat Dormouse because the Romans, Gauls and Etruscan hunted and ate them, usually as a snack due to their size
I live in the capital, 120m from the national TV station
The problem is the ink
Just imagine the difference between soft landings on endlessly long runways and basically controlled crashes on the surface of a moving ship.
Worst way to die, I was trapped in Ostmark, only way out to engage the 20k Rebelstack again...
The archeological evidence shows that people have been living in this area continuously at least since
Welcome, bro
Belgium: your beer is the best beer in the world
By that point they would have taken everyone (the EU and their own electorate) for a solid ride.
- Slow motion, apparently
he has the power to dissolve the Parliament
How was the unemployment rate before Nokia went to shit
We even elected a president who smokes rather a lot
Luvia	IT
Here's some info on [Mensur]#Modern_Mensur).
Traditional locals who grew up on the countryside are more reserved than all of that, they would often just nod or wave at people
Vienna has Lower Austria though, so the borders are afaik way more fluent than with Vorarlberg and Tyrol
When he died, Astérix went into decline.
On University level it's quite common to teach in English
It works easily for Austrian dialects to switch to Austrian Hochdeutsch
Them getting huge fines is satisfying though
Jetzt vorm Posten hab ichs aber noch entfernt, das "Cities" lies ich aber so stehen
Every time this questions comes up and actual Europeans are answering, you have responses like in this thread, ranging from "nothing changed" to "meh".
I can somewhat communicate there though
At least I have been able to get it in Carinthia and Vienna
When I miss a comma in German just use one of those I put too much in English, there's plenty to choose from
Jedoch nur zu finden in Wörtern wie "Oaschloch".
only as an alternative to vinegar, not as wine
I didn't expect that at all
In Austrian dialects though there's
Whenever I say this I get sooooo much shit from literally everyone.
For example unnecessary circumcision goes completely against a kids right of life and body integrity, which is always used to protect kids from harm done by anybody, parent or not.
Es gibt so ein Meme/Witz das sich niemand einigen kann ob es das der die Nutella heißt. Manche sagen sogar  der Nutella
Why was Bosnia okay but the Crimea isnt
So basically the deep frozen paella i can buy in any Austrian supermarket
I enjoy tea later in the evening, but don't feel it fits well to food.
Some together with other countries (like Sweden), some alone
It's was once called "Heiden" and had a tradition as poor man's food
Wenn Fliegen über Fliegen fliegen fliegen Fliegen Fliegen nach
I guess they taste mucy like guinea pigs
73%
Kaprun Hydropower plant
They developed differently and I am not familiar with northern dialects.
Because then yeah, it‘s quite rare to find anybody speak English in that age group, but below it‘s quite common
Steirisch u:
That why enjoyed Nice so much
Andreas Gabalier
Dude, Kosovo is recognized by almost every EU country and even if it isn't, it's certainly not ruled by Serbia in a way that would make the data applicable
Schnitzel
Don't forget the most amazing instrument, the [Txalaparta]
I've spent about a week or so reading through frugal opinions here, trying to figure out if they might know a thing or two I didn't but I'm slowly coming to the conclusion that it's just indignant talk you can hear at your local pub
Exactly my point
iMessage and WhatsApp/Telegram.
I don't know many apartments with a separate garderobe, it's usually just the very beginning when you come inside, so here people usually take of the shoes before entering in the stiegenhaus
I've never heard of anything like that existing in Europe.
Naschmarkt
They usually don't carry their AUGs unless the interior ministry says there is a real threat
However I come from a pretty poor ex Yugoslavian country and police-civilian violence is very rare.
Some yeety Czechy bois OR 1/3rd of Central Europe
Currently
I thought on the [Juli-Abkommen] which forced Schuschnigg to grand the NSDAP members giving amnesty, but it didn't make them legal again
73%
I'm guessing the mental gymnastics one has to make these days to defend what's going on are just too hard for most of them.
Nowadays most people in Vienna don't speak Viennese anymore, instead they use a more standard German with remnants of the dialect here and there, the extent of which may vary for different districts and social classes
You're kind stuck with their shit if you work with them
1024years old
The kids are then paid by the people they have hit
The thing is, the reactionaries had a bunch of battle-tested armies (bc of wars in Italy, Bohemia), with heavy artillery and some seasoned generals (Windischgrätz, Radetzky), the Ban Jellachic's marauding Croat troops, and the support of most of the Slavic lands *and* the support of Russia (which was a secret tool that would help them later
Because the state values the stabilizing effects people in long-term relationships have on society as a whole
At least the people are also having fun with the snow, which is great to see
Hot 28
other options dont have the possibility of causing millenias of radioactive fallout.
- Tanzania
Actually even the elected leaders of Austria at that time thought the country was not able to survive on its own.
To the best of my knowledge, all german speaking children learn their respective standard similar to a foreign language, so I get where you're coming from with that, but to say it's a foreign thing entirely just isn't right
Raising a traumatized 6 year or so is a completely different affair.
Is Inspector Rex still running
Des san irgendwelche jugos ausm 10ten
"Warning: falling cows"
They used to have the AUG A1 and a 9mm version of the AUG
It was quite calm from both sides.
Seriously though, check out the [Inuktitut writing system] It looks like what they use in the movies for extraterrestrial writing systems
Mich wundert es irgendwie nicht
Attack me with their one battleship
I also hate people who use English words in German
But there are many technical differences which would be very expensive to eliminate
I think it has to do with the way EMPs are sent there, and how they don't feel as much pressure to vote in line with their party/coalition as they would at home
There's other, more reasonable ways to say things,  but the above is a perfectly legal and legible German sentence
Sorry to break the news to you my german friend, but we sometimes have troubles understanding you but we understand the Bavarians just fine.
6 is pretty ironic rn
Don't worry though we still see you guys as the 20th state.
We should have all laid back and watch our economies go down the drain
List of Austrian breweries (german):
I think one day it was shortly above 300.
German:
I know - and I really dont like it
Sorry for how Carnithia has treated the Slovenian minority
You just don't give out 1 and 2 cents
For Austrian history Hugo Portisch (a recently deceased journalist) made a very good summary of Austrian history in the 20th century)
Except for Vienna
All but one of the World Heritage Sites in Austria are of the cultural type
> My grandma (who was just a young kid) told me the soviet soldiers liked to give out chocolate to kids and the americans always gave cigarettes to the adults, that's pretty much all I remember
Most interesting was probably bus driver: Buschauffeur in Austrian German and bussjåfør in bokmål.
You're at big-boy-university now ;)
It was founded by an Austrian who went to Canada and later merged with a Canadian company
But yes written Swedish is actually easier than Danish imho
It's called Semmi
It's fine, I was a stupid teenager and it happens
Damn, it seems like developers aren't even building small apartments 'cause if you can afford to buy one, you can also afford to buy an expensive one
I'd add the DC Tower to that list
labbrig is used in this context but „labberl“ als in Fleischlabberl refers to a form of the word „Leib“ or „Leibchen“
Maybe you get to keep your empire in that fantasy version of history?
I mean regular baguette with butter and jam on it which is then dunked into a bowl of coffee and eaten sopping wet
I always thought of it as a north German expression
Also all people are really nice and when I tried to speak polish they were even more friendlier
The original definition is what populists *claim* to be.
And I'd feel so bad if I couldn't do it by hand at least somewhat legibly, and efficiently for more than half a sentence
It's the party of Chancellor Kurz
Ah, haven't heard beigehen before, the more you know
And ofc both regions have schools were it is vice versa for the respective minorities
For me in German that would be Heil (or at least it was until the nazis ruined it
That is the reason why so many people from the eastern states went to your country.
Indian food is big there and there are definitely Indian dishes you can fit in a healthy diet
Well, my issue is that many define a pro-turkish stance as a blank check to whitewash history in ones country favor.
Why they elected that clown
Ok, by the same logic we can say Putin is a Ukranian politician because he rules part of the country.
Get a dishwasher or learn how to do them properly.
And we have a few "Oed", too
On the other hand I definitely also know people who would burn water
Good guy Dublin Airport selling bottled water after checking-in for just 1 €. Shame yourselves all other airports ripping off thirsty travellers
All they ever do is call into question established facts
(Attention is on the place - here Austria)
Also, in medieval times it's sometimes hard to state what the "capital" of an area is when there's multiple residences with shifting importance, and no administration of the nation state in the modern sense yet
You yry to avoid noise, mind your own business and only go to him if you got his delivery/need something trivial like sugar or salt
He was always pictured as the crazy dictator, who bombs his own people.
Begging should always be the last option, but to outlaw it just forces them into criminality
Another thing to add is that bavarian dialects aren't homogenic.
It's just hypocrisy and sexism all the way down
Also a lot of people in this thread complain about English loan words
Some trains might give an announcement the station before the border (i.e. "This is the last station in Austria")
Out of curiocity, are those towns close to each other
TIL
You may hate them but still greet them this way.
but less output because of shorter vegetative phase.
Why make the effort to get to Switzerland
Whenever I visit a friend, I always take them off
Not really, even right now Germans are patrolling the border to Austria because of "the refugee crisis".
"You do find" as in "one does find" and "it can be said".
It can be advantageous to invest €400 every month.
The systems are just too different to compare them point for point.
Yes they have a Kollektivvertrag now
We've socket protectors as well
(Nacktschnecken, Contact High, Hotel Rock'n'Roll)
Or I take the bike, which also takes around 15-25 minutes (depending on the wind, my motivation and my form)
That is not "super advanced", that is completely normal
Pasta like pappardelle or most kinds of filled pasta ist easy to make though
filled with goat cheese and bell peppers and I wouldn‘t need anything else
It's supposed to be dry
Also, it's really versatile and expresses a lot with the melody of a sentence
I would say everybody in Austria understands this Styrian dialect
Cool, especially because I’m currently vacationing in Copenhagen
Summer
You'd have to go and get it registered before you can drive it here
When he returned home he had just 46kg despite being 1,90 tall and his kids didn’t know him
Edit typos
I don't buy UTH milk so yes, the milk definitely goes into the fridge
However, historically here in Austria we always had seperated toilets, and only in the last years the idea came up to drop that seperation in order to make the public-toilet experience more trans-friendly.
Besides that there are no checkpoints
Dude, no offense, but in some areas of your eastern parts
Well thats the thing, Invest more into it increase stuff and equipment and change their way of work.
outside of cities it's really quite poor
This one is pretty iconic as well I think
But the one store I'm physically in is only in one state and one county, even if that chain has stores in different states
We'd just need to get rid of the standard German speaking population in the prussian enclave of Munich and everything would be perfect.
he means the general election of '99...
* [Schloss Schönbrunn] - A really beautiful castle and former summer residence of the Habsburg family
I pay less than 20 € for 30GB in Austria, can't imagine the German situation is much different
kinda
Who here is old enough to remember when kika would turn into arte after the Sandmann came on
And yes, I am very well aware of how unfair this is, and that both of us live on the upper side of things
Exactly a year ago a video was published of him trying to sell contracts to a (fake) niece of a Russian oligarch, as well as trying to convince her to buy the "Kronen Zeitung", Austrias most popular newspaper
Yes, I read about it
Palmenhaus
For friends I could recommend joining a club depending on your interests
In German, we sometimes use the word "Aufschnitt" for various sliced meats (sausage, ham, etc)
(This is a very specific question, I know.)
EU pissing on the fundamental principle of subsidiarity yet once again, like they always do.
Ever heard of weather anomalies?
Edit: Pretty mich pronounced like hurry or hide, I just read the comments below and found this example :‘D and for A, it‘s pronounced like the A in „darn it
Thankfully, police arrived at the scene moments later.
I am a "Fleischkas" eater
Of course, we are allowed to defend ourselves.
We've got our own and seperate identity now and I'm proud of it.
Literally the only redeeming thing about it is that old tower, and that's it
In Austria:
We don't need anymore muslims tho.
Didn't say we're any smarter...
To be fair if they charged less many people would just use it as a free Autobahn (and the roads are better than most German roads)
If you are I to weapons for sport, I don't see why you should be able to fire them outside a range.
in 5 min car drive I can stand in Liechtenstein or Switzerland.
Technical instructions for example or law texts are so much better in German for example
Vienna had CS/VF governors
It is but we should normalize talking about it openly
You are of course free to set your priorities how you like.
Pretty sure it's a German German thing, never heard this word before
Quite the opposite actually
(Not sure what the Standard German equivalent would be)
How can she disagree, when its a known fact she got wiretapped?
same everywhere in europe basically impossible for students coming from out of the city to get their own apartment without payment from parents, neoliberal goal achieved
An increasingly common narrative
But that really does not solve the cruel distortion of their pronounciation
For example, when the german football team (Who usually plays very good) lost against Austria's team (Which doesn't play good at all, to say it nicely) everyone made fun of the Germans
i think its too regulated here tho
America first, but Netherland second
A few flakes around Christmas is all we got
> comes and sits next to me smiling
I don't think that 12,5% are unfair it is the usual tax rate.
There is no single European foreign policy.
> I am astonished that you read "In Stahlgewittern"!
Its really bad as it is
As it is cut off from the western and northern parts of Austria by the mountains so you normally don't visit it too often
Nagln is fun though, although I am terribly bad at it
"Scheiß weana
I exclusively say Telefon when talking about my mobile,always did
I never find people talking about their wages in my branche which makes me clueless about how much I should be earning and it sucks
and just FYI torture is pretty widespread in Jordan.
Because it's butt ugly while offering only negligable security benefits
What about the people at the bottom looks like they're inside the race track
In cities, it's often a pub crawl with a bunch of people.
Everything in Hallstadt, I mean 200 gramms of salt for 13 Euros or Restaurants at the lakeside charging 27 Euros for a simple Schnitzel
Just our word for always,still.
Well they were part if Austria after all, it's lovely that they still have the drink and use a name based on the Austrian one
* ISI Group makes CO2 capsules for airbages, fire extinguishers, emergency rafts and emergency slides and whipped cream
I'd like us Austrians to advance but also keep the things that make us Austrians.
Köln, Düsseldorf
My kid's school has got some, thankfully
That eventually turned in Lintz or Linz
I would like to know what I need to do to get X or at least why do I get Y right now
It was part of the Austrian duchy (or duchies at times) for  a thousand years while still retaining elements that put it into the "Balkans" category - the biggest being a member of the failed Yugoslavist project
> Las Vegas is also known for the strip clubs I guess
It’s cool to have everything I need in reach as well as spots to go to if I need to relax
His privat enterprises have absolutely nothing to do with separation of powers.
(Hg) Mercury is *Quecksilber*, which is a cognate to mercury's older English name *quicksilver*.
" - "well then"
There is also the town Groß klein(big small) and klein klein(small small) in southern styria
My stepfather is from Tunesia and I therefore grew up in a household with both cultures, Tunesian and Austrian
i wonder if he told several of these folks he was taking pictures some are very candid, some not so much
Bachelor is one of the new titles which only exists since a couple of years here.
The Gestapo punished even little offences severely.
I mean i obviously cant tell their citizenship, but i can definetly tell someones ethnicity if they are european
Labor (correct translation: Arbeit)
Rücken = buckl
Not specifically Austrian, but the German language equivalent of Beowulf is the *Nibelungenlied*, or *The Song of the Nibelungs*.
" - "that fits too
I live in Vienna and what you often find here in the inner districts, seemingly completely random between the beautiful old buildings, are ugly newer ones
Styria:
People helt parades in the street when Hitler's car drove through their town on his way to Vienna
I'd like to see a Vulcano in Austria, like
If I'm not mistaken, originally it was a Polandball comic about Latvia, but it pretty much has become a meme about all Baltic countries, at least on /r/Europe.
The leader of the party of "the small man" pretty much trying to sell our country to Russia for financial help during elections
Unsurprisingly our cuisine isn't very different in that regard
I‘m Austrian and have never heard of that place
Central Europe checking in at -2°.
And we got nothing better to do with our time, while game dev studios (I hope) actually spend their time developing games
You can get a country flair on the right
In my 5th grade, yes, we had a cooking class, they showed us how to do simple thing, gave us recipes, it was a cooking class, and it was "mandatory" (isn't enforced or something but you have it as a subject)
You can unsubscribe the newsletter
We have an old church around here that dates to the 960ties, the space around it has been the meeting place for young people for decades
Plus a center-left/center-right government.
Buy low, sell high
Still sounds nice I think
So I guess it’s not German or Austrian dialect
And still no visa free travel for Russians :(
It is sad that although geographically we aren't that far apart the common image about Romania is so wrong
This and the fact that guns don't really need to be stored away in a safe can cause disasters
The fact that european muslims support terrorists
Konsistenz usually refers to texture or stiffness
Not a really fun-fact: today, 74 years ago St
I just now found out that Dora The Explorer teaches kids Spanish in the original (through this comment section xD) - it teaches English in Germany and Austria too
There are no border checks, you drive down the road, come across a sign "welcome to (country)" and you're suddenly in a country with a different culture, language and the road signs look kinda weird
Under British rule both population groups received individual administration and were, willingly or not, separated
Not true at all
You raise a lot of good points I, myself, have thought about (I study economics)
We already have family bonuses.
Our politicians always wait until Germany does something and then copy it
Here in Tyrol, our Tracht is very common and seen on feast days, weddings, birthdays, ...
Yeah the Us is a pretty easy target for conspiracy theorists
Sometimes illegally, sometimes not.
Funnily enough the shunned phrase "bis zur Vergasung" is from the First World War, not the Second
I've been living there for the past three years, and it's so much more beautiful than Vienna or Graz
TIL der Bodensee ist Lake Constance in Englisch
Probably a mixture of both
Horrible German Schlager
Every time, man
Your point is moot, as German dialects are already dying out
Very limited yes, for say Pedophiles.
Funny how many countries claim the telephone
Hey should we give rights to AI?
Ungarn hungern ungern
Que viven, ¡en la mierda
Altough I bought recently an Italian cooking book and almost everything included tons of oil and cheese
Mainland Europe: We don't care.
Gent
Phillipp, Philliph, Phillip, Philipp, Philiph, Philip, Filip, ...
South Tyrol would be an option for us Austrians.
This resulted in the famous "Gott schütze Österreich" Radio Speech and it was decided to don't resist Wehrmacht
Bit bold to assume that Greek people forgot about their ancient history and not just didn't bring it up in this thread about modern Greece because it's just not relevant at all
But thats because no place, ever, is worth the hassle of working yourself through the sheer mass of tourists this place gets each and every day
But they conveniently forget about inflation.
"Kannst mir bitte das Salz geben"
\> Lmao if you dont come out sabina will come inside
> Why does it seem like many in this sub will attack anyone for being religious like its a terrible thing
pretty much all turks in europe live in germany, austria and france.
Schneeberg, meaning snow mountain
In autumn you will see cars parked left and right on rural streets
I love thunderstorms
one for fucking a pug and another for selling out his country to the highest bitter
I've never seen it any other way
Also a lot of plays - some from Nestroy, Schnitzler, Ödon von Horvath etc
At least in Austria
And if I were to ever pick up Polish again (I tried learning it for like 4 times but I‘m at the point were every other language I learned/tried to learn, Korean included, is easier to understand for me than Polish so yeah
yeah, PE was mostly running, decathlon disciplines and soccer for me.
( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
No, I was making a 'germans are nazis' joke for easy karma.
Famous exports:
I'm stupid, sry
A full replica of the town of Hallstatt.
So my mom is Polish, my dad is Austrian, me and my brother were born and raised in Austria and both barely know any Polish (=almost not at all), because my dad prohibited us learning Polish because he thought kids weren‘t able to be raised bilingual and if me and my brother were raised that way we wouldn‘t know „proper German“ (as if he is the one that isn’t even able to write a whole sentence in perfect Standard German and always has to ask us two, usually me, to write one
You can observe similar trends from our own people who want "the strong man" running the country but mostly are uneducated
It's not that bad as you are taken good care Off in the basic insurance, but still there is the posibillity to Cut waiting time for non life threatening issues when you go to a doctor the working men could not afford
I think there is a tendency for more multicultural areas to loose their dialect more quickly
The are one of the leading high-accuracy low power sensor producers
There are some rail sections where 200+ km/h is possible, and some are in construction, but still there are many things that can be done
;-)
Exactly, and it pisses me of to no end when religious fundamentals cry "religious freedom" every time some government tries to improve laws regarding people or animals due to new and better understanding of the matter.
I guess the Montan-University with it's specialisation in a bit niche but demanded fields like Tunnel engineering, Mining and Petrochemistry is a good candidate
And teenagers don't have much knowledge yet
Never seen the EU flag on any private property, actually only on state buildings in Vienna for certain occasions
Süßmost tho
Well, while we did indeed make up quite the percentage of nazis in Nazi Germany, it was Nazi Germany and not Nazi Austria throwing the world into chaos
Hitler didn't invent national socialism and race theory, and wasn't the only influential athor on those topics
I certainly love all of you :)
I think that's mostly due to Vichy France and maybe the Franco-Prussian war.
He controlled 2% of the European GDP at the time.
How many were chopped up while still alive
The Dark Valley
I truly believe that mankind will manage the turnaround
Portugal on the other hand had the issue that they were forced to sign a free trade agreement with England in the 18th century
müde = miad
Of course he doesn't fit with the mass murderes from the top comments here however
It is not a single country and rather a subregion of Europe, but I am very interested in Scandinavian history
In Austria, and afaik it's the same in Germany, the nazi period is covered heavily in school and while I disagree with censoring Nazi imagery in video games, it's not done to sweep that period under the rug
Not at all, unless you buy new
I feel like in modern discussions, if anything, the part of the Russians is downplayed the most.
Yeah nobody likes fungus
A friend of mine (french) is allergic to wine and hates cheese
I think it was a fascinating country with a unique overarching culture that is now lost forever
So no, not popular at all nor do I see any signs of that changing.
However, the most jaw-dropping area has to be the Seestadt Aspern
As long as you're not traveling with a vehicle that can transport a large number of people/goods you practically wont be bothered, and when you do they just ask for a passport (have no experience as a truckdriver/drug smuggler so can't talk about that part)
Edit: Also most classes are in the same room, just some have special class rooms (music, arts, physics, biology and chemistry)
Only takes three years to implement something!
Considering the very high incidence of antisemitism among Muslims, it's a very good thing to do and worth pointing out.
We actually had 2 hours of civic education, which was a jokebin retrospect
hm, it's true that media isn't always impartial, but as long as you don't mindlessly consume boulevard-media and keep an eye on the whole, i believe we are living in a part of the world where you can find the true information - if you wan't to.
>You're pretty much right about everything the only thing i will add is that we did actually win the war against Sweden to get Skåne back in the 1670s. We had it, but then Sweden got their ally France involved who told us to give it all back again
Ohh a rare austrian
When you are talking it sounds just like a song, even though I don't understand a word I could listen to it always
There was no point
we really dont want to
Ich bin regelrecht regelmässig gezwungen worden bei Heimaturlauben was mitzunehmen - das war lustig, mit mehreren Kilo warmen Leberkäs in der Westbahn
How do people actually drive
Well ethnic Tyrolean but with strong Italian influences
Try an arabic, predominantly islamic country and then you will see how different people really can be.
Huskat or Kat/Katt/Katt - cat/Katze) And if I see a sentence with the translation next to it I can easily guess wich word is supposed to be which
Same with Austria
Gotta say, this is pretty accurate
And I still fail what that has to do with the question of wether Styria should belong to Slovenia or not.
every day this story is posted...
Legit reason: Maybe he's trying to learn Japanese?
The only one left, Tuscany used to be one too
Hahaha
Well today spring skipped the day around Vienna and Winter said:"Nah, I'm not done with you yet, here have below zero temperatures and some snow".
Or, you know, because of dementia
I live in Austria and people generally don‘t care what you believe in
Sorry you had to experience that
I like the top comment in this thread by the danish guy, that it's just a neutral statement that is used by everyone and not just right-wingers
Czech, Hungary and strangely from the Baltics
They don't feel foreign to the area, from what I could tell.
6 is pretty ironic rn
is your uncle fernando torres by any chance
And also as if it was sitting on his left shoulder
Goosestepping around and saluting for a laugh isn't exactly recommended though
In Viennese German, there's the phrase "Ist wurscht", in Englisch it would be "It is sausage".
Don´t think so
That's not going to help much against domestic terrorism.
Burning wood after storing it for such a short time makes it really ineffecient, you are burning much more wood for less heat
mylah91 said:
"Quarter Nine" means we are a quarter through the ninth hour and "three quarter nine" means we are 3 quarters through the ninth hour
One thing that nowadays sometimes comes up is allied memorials
You dont have to go the US for that
One of them was even spat on
Still, it shocks me when I see it and I am unable to understand why people do such things
But as i said above most people have no clue why
Austrian here
It's not an actual word in German, but thanks to the LEGO-like properties of German (compounding), "Sausage" can mean "pig-tale" (like a tale about a pig, not the hair style)
Woah, what the hell
Please do not forget that every dialect does contain mostly unwritten work arounds for some words or vowels
Russia
I think you're grossly overestimating how many people in Austria actually ski
Apart from actually seeing his full transaction history we were never going to get any decisive evidence.
Ischgl
That's not true at all :) they massively improved in the last years imo
* in line at the airport
let’s put it that way, I struggle more with German rather than with English lol
Every time someone claims that nazis were left wing, somewhere a political scientist gets a stroke
We were kinda seperated from 95% of our land already
You get the blame
Germany: instant war about who is better
Hillary on the other hand sold 20 % of the US uranium deposit and the Russian company buying it for some reason decided to make a huge donation to the DNC afterwards.
whats the squeezed ball above Moldova
I think there are 2 good reasons for this.
There are some parks where the drug dealers hang out, which can feel a bit unpleasant sometimes, but it's not like they're interested in anything than selling their stuff, so
I don't know what nutvillager wants to say
Vorarlberg once wanted to join Switzerland but Switzerland doesn't want them
I also never heard of a deathcamp there.
It would feature a soundtrack with Elton John trying to yodel while singing the tragic ballad of Alm-Öhi
Well, learned something today
i am a soldier, i work with 18-60 year olds on daily basis and i still havent heard that word.
So yes, you ARE eligible to do whatever you want...noone hinders you voting for those parties that will ultimately make decisions on a EU level.
My all time favourite: The Divinyls
The solution would be to not just have elections every few years.
But to each his own I guess ;)
When they realized what I was getting at her husband laughed
Suddenly, many more well paid female workers
It's only snow, not covid
A friend told me get a small one
In that sentence there are a lot of pieces you can abbreviate very easily
Siegfried Marcus was considered the inventor of the combustion engine
net and Rewinside
Lol, so you are saying the only thing we all like is the thing we can't have
15mins on the bus and then 35mins on the train (alternatively: 35mins in 2 Metros) finished by a 10min walk
On the OEBB RailJet, when I crossed from the Czech Republic into Austria, the displays switched from displaying stations in Czech and German to German and English
And our äöü keys are definitely not double occupied
Depends on the school
Pigeons are annoying and dirty
Other good examples for hipster lingo come to mind, mostly in English and especially in connection to the whole "art of manliness" movement: bespoke; artisan; anything else
A close friend of mine is from Poland and has strong ties but at the same time after going to school abroad they studied in Austria and consider Vienna their home just as their childhood home in Poland
Austria has (German version: maybe Switzerland and France have something similar?
It's really just the last few meters after the place where the skiing lift starts :)
Language wise: Germany and Switzerland
Maybe it‘s just me, maybe it‘s just the feeling of home, maybe it‘s really better in Austria
I only saw them at Vienna’s Airport or on duty when protecting embassies
In Austria, try FM4, it should be the only countrywide station that plays lots of alternative stuff.
It's all in good fun
It's a difficult topic for sure
I am reasonably sure the "proper" spelling for "ollwail" is "allweil" or "alleweil". Less common than "immer", but i am pretty sure it's a real word, like, in the dictionary and all
I love thunderstorms
The former concentration camp in Mauthausen feels very creepy, for obvious reasons
Yes
They probably always will find a way, however there is no need to create a focus point for the to rally to.
Yes, higher education definitely helps!
I just love how organized everything looks there
After our tour in Auschwitz our guide gave us some minutes to get a drink before going to Birkenau.
Striving for more
It‘s hard to count how many nobel prizes we have as a country, since the people that got them either had dual-citizenship when they got it or weren’t a citizen anymore
They even had the "honor" of getting an article in a major newspaper:
Where's Merkel
Same in Austria (and Germany probably)
" and boom its implemented
Grüne |0 | **3** | 0
If they do, why make saying scone harder than it needs to be, since there's just an s more at the start
We actually do, it's called Weihnachtsbock
Its a system made by humans, run by humans, so of course it has its flaws
> What the blazes is going on
ever heard of sarcasm being a kind of humor
Tu con tantas curvas y yo sin frenos
agreed, but no one uses the term Pfifferling in Austria
I think it is something very underrated in our cousine
So someone from Austria could seem similar to what you described in Manchester
I could really work with that
who is this guy and why did he deserve this strong lobbying push, and what did *he* do in return for the FPÖ?
We in Scotland were recently forced to privitize our water
so, yeah, in middle Europe (Austria, Germany) you have to take off your shoes when going inside.
Strümpfe = Strimpf
i have family in drenthe and snackbar is the only term for it i know
For TGVs you always need a reservation which costs extra and isn't covered by the eurail ticket.
Austria has one of the oldest civil codes of the world (second only to France if I'm not mistaken)
Didn't work out
Driving licences, post, bank or tax cards are not accepted as valid travel documents or proof of identity
the Commission can mostly be the bad guys for all I care, haha
In Flanders Fields from Sabaton is great for this day
Well they might just be older than our modern languages
It's too expensive, though, and I don't really like the towns itself.
but they referred to Countries not the Languages in the countries.
Its important that all war crimes get puplished, not only those who you dislike
it's more of a brazilian name than portuguese.
Yeah, thats how it works here as well
Same here in southern Sweden :(
to me it seems that it's not the typical old people that are against it, they actually seem to be rather in favour of it, but the younger generations (not just teens, adults too) of eastern european (especially former yugoslavia) and turkish immigrants (even those who are second or third generation already).
already {adv} [used to emphasize that a situation or problem exists]
I already voted nobody in who is for this bullshit, what else can I do but not vote for these madmen
Before Sunrise was pretty accurate for Vienna I think
~~To my knowledge, we didn't cross a Slovenian border crossing yet, but we did cross the geographical border for sure
>1200 years
"Can I have a spot of milk in my hot water please
I'm still quite unsure, aren't there cases where it is necessary because of medical reasons
It comes from Old High German ['Ostarrîchi']  \- which literally means Eastern Realm
I think this doesn't apply to me I wouldn't do that
What a stupid argument and comparison to Hitler
We're all friends up there :)
It is not odd, but just not that wide-spread
That's weird coming from an Austrian, since barely anybody has an  ID card here
And many people order a Schnitzel with sauce
No, we have enough conservative mountain weirdos already
These holes had to be filled quickly with cheaply built houses after the war
Very melodic and with a beautiful flow.
A Fotzn kaunst hobn
Just the drinks at my farewell party for the team were like 250€ or so
What‘s it about tho
Other than that: Dutch
even in public places and offices
One of the the biggest credit card payment  processors in europe, after buying much of the competition like Austrian mPay
Stop fucking putting Austria and Switzerland into the same "pot" as Germany
That eventually turned in Lintz or Linz
Grüß Gott is the normal polite greeting, I would appreciate it
Reasons for dating romanian women: They're beautiful
I'm really wondering if people ITT have never used a sharp pizza wheel/knife, because cutting a pizza with a sharp wheel takes like 2 seconds
There is more than enough wiggle room here that any decision made is going to be a political one and not a purely legal one.
I wish I had made it up, it’s awful
I'm the one who is living in Austria and I know the people and what they think of Germany.
And scotland when independent will instantly be trying to join back into the eu
Red wine is more common with the „skinny old dude“ and sometimes older women, whereas white whine is more common overall
Yea, one did serve in WW2, I sadly don't know exactly where, and why (if he volunteered or got drafted)
I wish I had made it up, it’s awful
Seeing as I still remember it I guess it made an impact on me as a kid but it's not a widespread experience that anybody talks about anymore
Bis grad eben war ich noch felsenfest überzeugt davon, dass Peter Lustig die Sendung mit der Maus moderiert hat ... ich bin alt und es ist spät. Du hast natürlich recht
plautdietsch
Officially most people are catholic in Austria and they might even claim to be religious but most just believe in a god but not the christian god
One of the christmas markets i right in front of my house which means i won't have to cook for the next 3 weeks, absolutely amazing
Today, Austria has a very strong identity
I also remember that mermaids shouldn't have souls and the only way to get one is by being loved by a human
I'd say a mix of expensive parfum, coffee and old curtains in a smokers room
Your both right
Well no considering Austrian cuisine has a lot of Balkan foods .
Beside football players, who are your country's most successful and recognized athletes?
Is the assumption here that the person answering only went to one single other country in their whole life where they needed to exchange currencies?
>My unit leader wanted to show us the mountains and the setting of some intense battle between the Austrians and - no idea - the Turks maybe
On paper not, but considering the performance of Austrian teams in Euro and World Cup, you cant't be certain ;)
Outside of Vienna I'd expect an Erdgeschoss and then first floor
Especially towards the end
In rural places were people actually use woodstoves for more than looks, they are arrangend more thoughtfully
Nice I like tom scott, i'll check it out, thanks mate
What's that unit in "11 Mm"? I've never seen that abbreviation before
Wos redstn do so gschissn daher
Austria seems to be an in between of Germany and Switzerland
A mezzanine is pretty typical for old buildings in Vienna, Hochparterre aren't terribly uncommon either
Their new logo is even supposed to represent the battle ensign of the ancient Dacian people who used to live in what is now Romania
Becasue it's specifically designed to be not perishable without refrigeration allowing for shipping in the 19th century.
Innviertel truly became the blue heartland
Except it doesn't appear in the article?
And I doubt we will manage, too many friends of Putin here
In June, a video was leaked that shows him basically trying to get a Russian oligarchs niece to buy our largest newspaper to advertise them
Edit: I do however love that Austria has such a wide range of nature along with history to it and I absolutely love our culture, festivals, traditional clothing etc etc
My gf's cousins always joke that it's crazy that I speak better Spanish than them, even though they've grown up there
It hasn't happened because the pro Brexit side doesn't have a plan
Yes, kids learn it in the second year of primary school and from then on it's the one that is used.
Oh that sounds like a plausible explanation
We *could* be invaded just like that, that is the whole issue
That's my main reason for being strongly against switching to a pure professional military and abolishing military service
Also, I love that TV show on eitb where they talk about movies
The interwar periode
-**proper leather hiking boots
Works too, yeah
I can't remember exactly what she said, but something along the lines of "they don't care about people like you, and they don't care about people like me" after finding out that he will have to pay for his own therapy/medication
Hey
it's sooo useless and so difficult to learn.
Austria isnt grantig enough
Calamari
[The Wall] as it fits the setting ;)
Danes seem to have a remarkably bad streak of luck in military matters since the end of the Kalmar Union
But my foreign friends and me agree the romanian one it’s vastly superior in taste than any other we’ve tasted
There haven't been many good management games in the last few years.
For its respective regions
Actually - during my visit in Triest - I learned that Triest was actually the only Italien province fighting for the Empire - which was quite surprising to learn.
> „Die guten Christen sind die gefährlichsten – man verwechselt sie mit dem Christentum
Cheer up guys, your side won and you've successfully fucked yourself with a cactus
Germany is the largest EU country, and Austria performs very similar on a lot of levels (iirc we are more wealthy per capita, but only slightly, our English skills are on adjacent ranks, and our Chancellors and exterior ministers are at least somewhat known within the EU, but I wouldn't imagine that their actions are relevant to US news).
I guess being at the tail end you may well be lucky enough to dodge FTTN and get FTTC or maybe even FTTP now that they've backflipped and starting to roll that out again
You won't hear disagreements from me
Sad Anschluss noises
We have a whopping 6 parties in our parliament now
Patton took our heroic grandfathers across France and drove those goddamned Nazis before them like an army of Conans lead by Alexander himself with the spirit of Caesar in their hearts.
I have no idea how to post pictures in the comments
And the state governments are most likely who handle all the housing stuff etc.
In Austria it depends
I know the story of two of my great-grandfathers as well, but they aren't quite as interesting as his, just sad really
Correct me if I'm wrong but it seems like mixed drinks in general are a bit of a new/different thing across the pon
More like, for an adult native speaker no everyday word is really new
(even though I don't consider Alto Adigians to be Austrians either for that matter)
(AFAIK more as solatium for giving the rest of Bavaria to a guy whose troops Barbarossa needed)
But you still haven’t answered my question - what exactly did you expect from the EU in case of Brexit ?
It makes more sense in German than English
Not in that amounts thow
* taking away their drivers licence
Thank you 2016 for not fucking me this time.
They just had a different result which included the projection of postal votes
It's weird
They care about instilling doubt in historical evidence
If you‘re in Austria and see a festival where people wear traditional clothing like Dirndl or Steireranzüge, then those aren‘t paid actors
Especially Dutch, Swedish and Danish are pretty easy to understand
Should be palatable for humans too, their testicles are a specialty already anyway.
I have lost all respect for wolters world after he continuously claimed austrian beer to be shit and to drink wine instead
Aros in Aarhus is also cool
They have Taco Bell on their bases, so it's all fine with me.
Fun fact: We still have the longest residential building in the world
He documented everything in his diaries, took films and photographs, and showed them in public lectures, but the Gestapo quickly shut this down
The one with the little moustache was born in Austria but lost his citizenship when he joined the German army
And it always makes me feel icky, like I want to clean the floor after they've left
Don't forget about Alf Poier "Weil der Mensch zählt". Hilarious
The truckload of babies is easier to unload with pitchforks
Data from clinical trials needs to be made publicly available.
Bad idea
The thing in france with the teacher is diffetent
Doesn't mean that's it's any less grasping at straws.
A bit of „salt“ looks really good though
Now kiss
This is real summer weather
T2 represent
"Almost nobody has one" is a bit of an exaggeration, nearly [10% of Austrians] actually have it
We have the first female chancellor in our history
Instead he should protect our borders, which is written in the Schengen Agreement, and stop forcing third world migration on european countries.
In your pubs I'll only order Jack Daniels.
Romania should be relieved that the romanian village from borat is portrayed as kazachstan
"You're just like Germans right, just a bit slower and less tidy
edit: and it‘s not the same everywhere
Citizenship comes with responsibilities and many can't even properly fulfill those responsibilities for one country, no matter two
Low-key kinda salty still
[There‘s actually a website] where you can see all of the museums in Austria
Me: "eeeh
The Waldviertel in Lower Austria too
There is a famous one in Vienna
Thats it
I don't like it
But I am sure some skiing areas (like Ischgl) are in the winter season very crowded by tourists too
1.000 Pound come to 1.300 €, which is a bit low, but it seems feasible.
-**barefoot shoes
I would say everybody in Austria understands this Styrian dialect
As somebody who works in tourism its nothing but annoying if somebody greets you in your language but doesnt speak it
I think "Gottfrieda" is a pretty old one
Older buildings also tend to have a Mezzanin a kind of floor between floors, normaly an area in 19th century buildings that was often used for commercial purposes
] <3
A bit late to the party, but as I'm reading this the song is played in the background in an construction office in Sweden
A robber has the potential to harm you
Tesa is just sticky tape or the brand name scotch tape
I wish the lines were scaled or dimmed depending on train frequency and/or speed
"Yes, das geht sich aus
Please don’t be so hostile, it’s nothing against you personally I just don’t like the taste of craft beer
you could say
You're not a Commie (thinking emoji)
You can imagine why this might be a bad idea I think
Also collecting societies like the AKM or Austro Mechana are naturally in favour of it (probably less concerning Art
so that's what it's called there
If someone here speaks german they can try to translate it if they want
„Nehmen Sie das sofort herunter
also Radler
Rock paper scissors and Schnick Schnack Schnuck
the second fucked up thing for Austria was WW1
Dutch – Wenen
Austria is still considered a tax haven.
fuel efficient car (30mpg combined)
Cool
I always find this surprising given the state israel is in but I guess there is something I'm missing.
Just imagine a perchtenlauf in the USA
Die Bart, Die
I know
We do not have any active fossil fuel power plants and ~90% of our energy is produced with water
We agree on disagreeing
It aint Democratic if it violates the spanish constitution
We do have problem of conservative mindsets and corruption, but the positive things are more dominant
In Austria it‘s dependent on the school
Schnitzelsemmel
Haha, I didn't know you had "Italian lifestyle" people in Austria!
Engineering/STEM jobs overall tho
I also have some friends living close to me, who I can meet
I bin a guat in Gorilla Kriagsfirung und da beste Schoarfschitz vo gaunz Estareich.
I am so happy that we showed the europe(and to some extend the world) that the right can be stopped, dont give bigotry and racism a chance
All of it was so interesting
Otherwise was my day really nice
To have 'schiss' -> to be afraid.
Here, the only true filling is apricot jam
But the way the usual media and even school portrays Africa is basically that: A bunch of starving kids, Ebola, savages, war zones, etc
Good riddance
" by user ZodiacT10 (ZodiacT90 is the founder of the_hofer, maybe a sock puppet or just an alt-right meme name
(He ordered the cutlery too late)
Because that is what I have been told
Ist viel schwieriger, weil sich sofort jemand auf den Schlips gtreten fühlt
you mean good ol HRE times
Hardly happens here (fortunetaly).
Ich sehe fast nur automatisch sperrende Türen bei Neubauten
Well then that's definitely not true
So 5 years and a few months in Austria
Sitting down at the breakfast table in the first morning I felt like I was hallucinating
And by the way you completely vitiated your own point
French users: Could you explain the burkini ban from a French perspective?
This is one of the prototypical definitions of tax haven.
Oh that's cool
Also the video showed some coke, and him acting like low life drinking and smoking
And if it really doesn‘t, make up one of your own
Regarding vandalism, I know from another class that ended up damaging some teacher's car (don't know what their original plan was) and then tried collecting money to help pay for the damage
works for me
Hm, maybe my family was too frugal for that
He's... Donald Trump
I've heard that being used as a slur for Latinos
The problem the US also has is that it doesn’t have an internal registration system - once you are in you are in
I don't think Brezina is regional to Vienna
Nobody ever did
Not a little bit
Plus it's so far out in the boonies not even Romans have any reason to go there or stumble on it by accident.
Local language, no
On it's location there was a big screen and they where streaming the Little Mermaid from Shanghai.
The Austrian state TV produced some good nature shows under the label "Universum".
We love them
And estate agents are never of the "driven soccer mum" type here, they're all of the "sleazy car salesmen" variety instead
I don't have so much a problem with narrow but with the way any discussion is conducted there.
what are "Trump-like" movements?
In Austria, MPs have called each other "peasant twerp", "the one with a behavioural disorder", "lousy creature" or - my favorite-:
I fear a christmas/new year with a big spike incoming
Nothing like you have, vocational high schools do have mandatory internships, but those are limited to four weeks during the summer either between year 11 and 12 or between year 12 and 13.
But their actions neither define me as a person, nor do they represent the modern day progressive country I live in
One Grandpa worked at a flight field near Graz as electrician
So plan your trip well, and have fun
For cities: What about Innsbruck
Party | Pro | Contra | Abstain
Keeping it in fresh water for some time will get rid of that.
you can ask for penpals at /r/[countryname], ie /r/Austria.
I grew up on a farm, so that's quite obvious
In my youth, I read lots of Christine Nöstlinger (Wolf Saga!), Wolfgang Hohlbein (Märchenmond) and Marion Zimmer Bradley.
\- i ("ich") meaning "me"
That's the most british comment in here
Police hid behind a traffic sign or something and fined at least a 10 people within 5 mins.
Living in a city flat, the door locks automatically, I only lock it with my keys when going out
We normally say Tschau, you can guess where that comes from
Luckily we have Germany as big neighbor with the same language so we can leech their stuff
That is kind of a hilarious thought though
I hope you have your "European Hookers" tags ready ;*)
Unless you fly between most of the places they are too far apart.
He is controversal and for most of the conservative folk more the Antichrist, but [Bruno Kreisky] is one of the more liked politicans we had.
It also doesn't help that we still have to deal with shit from the time they were part of the administration in the early 2000s.
well, don't expect someone to kiss you with cold sores
It's more comparable to how you pronounce "ayyy" in English
But my class was once in england and we got the job to ask a few people a few questions one being where is austria
The only thing we didn't like is that the Italians came up and stole our mushrooms.
It's a schizophrenic country in many ways.
Visited Etna
But Northern Germany and Austria are definitely different.
So they are now testing which of them is floating better?
He also spoke German almost exclusively throughout his career and resided in Vienna
Let's hope that Le Pen and her partygoes to way of Boulanger or Maurras and theirs
The two main questions with this "strategy" are:
I understand a few words in swedish
But that's kind of the point, everything is so much more expensive there so people have to be "rich", right
I am sure there are more cities, either way
Austria with our Bundes-eagle
Its really funny if you look back a hundred years
Which is why noble titles are officially banned in Austria still today
Those are stand alone verbs like 'to fuck'
Er wurde eingeswitschert
That’s what Jan would say
Anyway
As an Austrian, absolutely everything about these maps is accurate
like the one where the lady is looking back as they walk away like i know you didn't just take a picture of us from the back wth is wrong with you
-wannabe teenage influencer girls
However hopefully we all will help together to rebuild it as beautiful as it once was
[Talk-show-host Kaiser] is all we need
What burglar would be insane enough to just randomly walk into apartments
The Original Sacher-Torte is probably the most famous cake of all time and the result of several lucky coincidences
Only if the speed limit changes from country to country, or if marked
May I introduce you to the Korean Demilitarized Zone
Also, on the flight I was sitting next to some coughing old men first and luckily the stewardess asked me if I wanted to move up two rows to an empty row
Can you link some
On the domestic (skiing) front it was the whole theater of the Austrian winter tourism mafia (especially the funicular operators) during the corona pandemic, and over the last few years in general ([e.g the completely unnecessary Hinterstoder extension] The ÖSV and especially the unbelievably egomaniacal autocrat Peter Schröcknadel are highly involved in all of this (e.g. Schröcknadel owns Hinterstoder)
NEOS: They are a liberal center party
Jedoch wirst beim einen in Österreich skeptisch angschaut und beim andern in Deutschland.
Spain: Spanish people are really outgoing and in general easiegoing
He died long before I was born but according to my father, he didn't want to talk a lot about the war
Voralberger dialect is impossible to understand
Had a school trip to Belgium in early 2017 and also went there and were spectating a  [p] session, yeah it was interesting
I heard in the US there's a lot of dry counties
Our teacher using teaching methods from the 1960s (taking turns reading out loud in class for *hours and hours*) wasn't really a huge turn-on for reading
Fight me IRL
Also, they produce their wafers in both countries, namely in South Tyrol (Alto Adige) and East Tyrol
(This is vastly different from many immigrants to the US, who will proudly call themselves "American" the second they have citizenship.)
I wouldn't really call NEOS neoliberal
Interesting
Why was Bosnia okay but the Crimea isnt
Not true at all
Don't overreact O.o (Ps
Not in real life, but in a sub created to askEurope I think it's out of place
When did Graz have a Slovene majority?
Soon with the power of sect and urban planning Vienna will swallow Pressburg and Slovakia as a whole
He defiantly wasn't insane in any clinical sense
My first search for generic topics is always in English, the German one I only use only for specific local things
;-)
A simple google search yields the total amount of men in millions to be 2
> Kickl is even worse TBH
The coffee you are describing is called **Filterkaffee** in Austria.
Wish they would get on with it.
What about USA war crimes
Most people I know call it handy without a second thought
Aging is very complicated and not yet fully understood.
Pretty spot on :) read the last bit as 'retarded-ish' first
Austria has the biggest nuclear power plant model in the world
The interior of the north tower is now on fire, [pictures from France 24]
* Still exist by next December
Eure Kolonie
Later, in 1944, he was stationed near Normandy (I'm not sure exactly where, sadly
Petting in Bavaria is just half an hour away from Fucking...
I don't feel like there are any specialities genetically or fashion-wise
Anti-immigration people only hate backwards religious assholes when they're muslims!!!
USB sticks were of course strictly forbidden but of course everyone used them because you have to transfer libraries and updates _somehow_. Would have been fun to dump a few infected sticks in the parking lot
It wouldn't be impossible to make this rail connection work, and still going by car is cheaper and faster than going by train
The "hate" thing isn't that much better in Vienna, even though I'm not sure that I'd call it hate
> This seems to be in favor of media giants that are just hungry for even more money
that's why I think we need different measures: section control, temporary impounding of offending vehicle for repeat offenders
I think Gays have already the same rights in Austria (incl.
Very many of the pretty old train stations are terminus stations which are pretty bad for high speed trains
I would love to learn more Polish on duolingo but it's so difficult.
LPT: Don't try to use it in tea
Or sometimes they clear basements and the like
China is number 1 for Germany, not the Netherlands:
I second this because of the Brno racetrack, a great circuit
Also never seen a Jimny, mostly the older Samurai
Und wer sagt, dass es die Wehrpflicht nur in Österreich gibt
The girls were hot, they know
And I was just elaborating why that is only true if you look at it as superficially as possible.
They mostly attack fruits
[Not sure if this qualifies] but it's hilarious either way:
It's comparable to the sound of an "ay" in English or an "ou" in German
this is not local news but the boulevard showing stuff the police has asked not to show
I kind of like /r/Austria , especially the help that's provided for all kinds of questions.
>Here be ~~dragons~~ capitalists
(Never happens with Bavarians, I guess they might be told the same)
How would you discuss chemtrails with someone who believes airplanes are used to disperse psychoactive substances over the broad population
Now I live in the next city for University purposes and it’s kind of the other way round
Had a school trip to Belgium in early 2017 and also went there and were spectating a  [p] session, yeah it was interesting
Plactenta (Latin for cake) -> palacsinta -> Palatschinke
Telling lies with a straight face is what Hofers campaign is based on
Most aistrians would say something about having a rich history culture and cuisine, but I'm just going to add, that of all of the alcohol consumption were to me meassured in pure alcohol, austria would have the highest alcohol consumption worldwide
It's quite short, really just checking if the thing's working
>high speed rail is a staple in Western and increasingly - Central Europe
(Both aren‘t, but there are the other two really big parties that are pretty homophobic in my book
And I'm not even sure if I should be that mad about it since that's going to cost his old far-right party some votes
Maybe a Viennese thing
The bus rides weren't so good (I have motion sickness) but the city is beautiful (and the sea of course, and the landscape :D) There's an island at the sea connected to Edinburgh with a bridge (I guess)
I would have loved to talk about it with my grandfather, but he passed when I was still in primary school so I could never really talk to him about it
* Daniel Svarowski (Name pretty unknown but the brand Svarowski is quite known)
I live in the biggest Bezirk on 1100 Höhenmeter, but we don't even have much snow here
You can get inside with a credit card or a similar tool
Belarus = Weißrussland (White Russ-Land)
The only thing that's really sure is that it was first officially mentioned as "the region that in the common(ers) language is called Osterrichi", with no further explanation (regarding what that word means, etymologically speaking) and that it is very likely (but not 100% for sure) an old Bavarian term
Germany is basicly made out of some states that all don't have much in comon
Last weekend i was for the first time hiking in italy (actually a mountain on the austrian italian border) and while and all of the austrian hikers greeted as usual, to my surprise none of the italians did before i initiated contact
If we confined them there'd be more incentive for them to return on their own.
Yes, it‘s a combination of many different factors
Many people here overestimate the president's power and don't now that Congress can actually block a lot of things.
Lol England will be a third world country after all this is done
You can get a country flair in the side bar to the ~~left~~ right ->
I also doubt that that will keep people from voting FPÖ.
"movies" and "American movies" is almost synonymous for me, as there aren't really that many German-language movies that I'm interested in.
3 years ago, I paid about 1100 € – including the things you need to do during your "novice driver status"...
We have numerous Roman sites (Vindobona, Aguntum, Carnuntum even had a miniature Collosseum), Celtic sites, dating back a few thousand of years, also pretty much all over the country
Rosegger is someone whom IMO the younger generations of Austrians have never heard of
Not tidying your room: It looks like a pig's sty in here
I can read it well enough at least, and I think after 5 minutes of immersion I could also understand it well enough
Some of my hobbies from America just are not possible here as of now
They are literallly *the* enemy of the common people, in my opinion anyway
They are either e-tickets on the smartphone ,print at home or paper tickets
There was a pretty big push in the 1990s to highlight norwegian achievements
the latter)
He estado allí en diciembre, y Ronda es un sitio muy muy bonito
If you’ve seen that one photo everyone takes of it online, then congratulations you’ve already been there
Soon she will be Queen, like Maria Theresa.
If you want a bag for your purchases, ask for a Sackerl
I honestly don't see how this typical venom spewing by drunk FPÖ tards warrants a British news article.
they are good looking yes, but if you were to show them your wallet they would immediately sleep with you
I enjoy the lifestyle, security, and work/private life balance here so much more than in America
Imports: Beethoven
A minimalist portrait of blessed carl with an austro-hungarian flag in the background
We solved the mystery of the english language once and for all.
France is the 3rd largest
There's another version of this, where they also show Vitaly Klitschko - he abstained from fighting, because he thinks that they should make politics with their heads, not their hands
" - "that's nice and warm too
No, because that's none of their business
They were declared illegal before the attempted coup, if I remember it right in 1933 when there was an terror act traced back to them, but rhey were made legal again before the Anschluss, at least through the Berchtesgadener Abkommen when Schuschnigg and Hitler met in person, but yeah that was pretty close to the Anschluss
Damn Helloween killed Weltspartag though :(
this is why i agreed with his statement
Everything east of Austria geographically.
On no wait, that's not an invasion, it's Anschluss
Under normal circumstances they play it once a week in Burgkino
Lol
I'd like to thank the allied countries for kicking Nazi-Germany's ass
Sisi was an excellent and avid rider and even took lessons in circus horse riding
I'm surprised to find reddit to be rather left wing oriented according to this topic...I...love you!
Well, let's hope WWIII won't concern us
This gives us some pretty top shelf quality trophies.
That just reads like any justification ever.
Did the Spanish always eat dinner as late as now, or do you think that's a consequence of the timezone you're in
Damn, and I thought we'd get rid of those mofos
Where you once could have a civilised debate with acquaintances over a glass of wine or beer, you are now electronically screaming at each other
What i have heard from a croat who moved first to germany and then to austria (and speaks german really really well) he says that the austrian dialekt in vienna is more different to the way most north german speak then croatian to serbian, and holy fuck if viennese is allready more different then i am declaring austrian it's own language
And parties have embraced this as it is much easier to sell a nice looking charismatic guy or gal than a political program
* Die wilde Jagd (The wild hunt): Warriors which hunt ghosts over your head
I have to admit, I didn't test it that rigorously, so that's just a limited observation and *feeling* about that.
It is really good for public transport, walking and bikes and uses basemap
Exactly
There's Lithuania in 2007 and Germany in 2016.....
How much freer than literally lying to the people can a press get
We also have an Au
Katharina, Katarina, Catharina, Katerina, Katarine, Katrin, Catrine, Kathrin, Katja, Karin, Karina, Carine, Karen, Jekatarina, Catalina, Cathy, Kathi, Käthe, Ina, Trina, Karenina, Katinka, Kati, Katka, Katica, Katya, Katia etc
FTTB would be a massive improvement
They can do whatever they want with their own money just not with the money of others.
Yes, parlamentarian sovreignity and such.
It looks much better than the Dutch flag
As for Rosegger: I‘m 16
Who gets to define which world leaders are "crazy maniacs who deserve to die"?
Another thing is that the CIA helped form and financed the far right party now called FPÖ. At the time mostly made up of fairly high ranking NSDAP and wehrmacht officials and soldiers
In order to explain, i copy a previous comment of mine:
And before our eastern brothers start commenting, yes, I know the song is actually moldovan
(I forgot some in Africa I think)
What is supposed to be left of the UKs economy if the financial industry leaves?
Some of our Ski Resorts announced tgat it is not worth opening this year if germans are not allowed to come
In 1832 the Austrian State Chancellor, Prince Klemens Wenzel von Metternich, was expecting guests and instructing his kitchen staff to create a special dessert for the occasion
Tourism is a valid exception so many tourism regions have open supermarkets on sundays.
But you still don't know what the reaction in the EU would have been if Turkey did super well in everything instead of sliding into an islamist tyranny.
[\[6\]]
Interesting
Wenn du nach diesem Prinzip antwortest, dann wären auch alle heutigen Österreicher Deutsche, weil man sich vor 100 Jahren noch als solche gesehen hatte
even working your ass off), but labelling things illegal won't stop people from abusing it
democracy is about electing the best talker and not necessarly the most competent.
No they're saying that it's BS to say "he was born in austria so it's entirely austrias fault".
There is literly no other country where it is so easy that your children can become US citizen.
many child rapists raped their victims just because they wanted sex and children are easy to rape, or because they liked the thrill of it, not all of them were attracted to the children.
The films message is clearly stated, and at some points I felt the film was saying: "this is what it's about, do you get it you dumb fuck
In Austria at least, higher turnout seems to benefit the SPÖ/social democrats/center left party, which generally is part of government.
At least the R.E. Techer obly said basically don't fuck around and If you so at least use condoms and then He let us watch "Kids". Btw Drug education in R.E. was watching "Requiem for a Dream"
For instance just buying a car in Germany and importing it into Austria requires you to pay a carbon tax in Austria for it.
It's not
Stimmt
Traditionally they are served without vanilla sauce, but it's often added
The women resort is sort of the department dealing with equality and what not.
- Surspeck, Idk how to translate it, but it's [basically bacon with >90% fat]
Of course, in principle the same problem exists in English Wikipedia, but at least I have the impression it's much more clear there
Ok wow I took a long time to understand that
got the fish from our neighbor though, didn't have to buy it
At first I thought she was lifting her skirt
We took it out during breaks and used it to make tea and instant coffee
But it always depends on the situation
You mean actual mountains, not wine-hills
This is common world wide, even here in Australia where I live now.
That's when we start with the acronyms.
Yes it does, the penis is less sensitive and sex doesn't feel as intense
Germany, of course
Yes, at least Here in rural place and in Graz
Category C, D are unregulated, you just need to be over 18 and without a criminal record
Do they really do that
I don‘t think so
India is definitely a travel destination very popular with young austrian people.
No economy ever rebuilt itself from austerity
The group of people that can have a nice chat with you in English is a fair bit larger.
I don't know how so many people are so bad at geography
I sincerely hope you find help for your mental problems
also Multiplayer is a lot more about diplomacy (and fun!)
The german ethnicity is outdated nowadays.
Which was super lovely of them
I really like the Habsburgers and think their history is the most interesting of all monarch families I know of.
So from the body of your post I gather that you're interested mostly in *investing* and not so much in *personal finance* in general, right?
Looking forward to the times when Austrian will be like a second Dutch language
So I personally only learned cursive
but the last 5 years have changed things dramatically.
Fuck yeah, just had some a few weeks ago and they
Small victories
> Styer
A good example would be this [video between 10 seconds and 12 seconds]
At least their money
Not really
I think Salzburg, Innsbruck and Linz are the more well known bunch of those
So they are to different "titles".
I think we Austrians just love our Knödel
People smoke *everywhere* and completely disregard smoking bans on playgrounds or train stations.
Was a bit disappointed that the main dev is such an alt-right adjacent cunt though
Are there any official communication channels from the EU commission, that give details about what that deal will most likely include, or what has been negotiated so far
If it is a large city they sometimes may mention *only* that
And some random year dates
But yeah, embezzlers are also a risk that the people need to watch out for
Personally i never lived anwyhere, or seen an apartment, withouth a washing machine
Whoever wrote the sign either thought they were funny, or just didn't know better
I'd like to give a honorary mention to the [Mazury lake district] in Poland
But not many of them are there and their football club fanbase is small.
I guess it's too much kitsch for us.
Cash is still very much king here in Austria.
have a nice day
May 1904, Congo] Humans can be so, so cruel
Here in Vienna older (steel) road bikes seem to be a bit popular
No they are not brewing beer there, these are weird Germans from Berlin that just took the brand and ran with it.
My Russian has degraded though, so I can understand it but not speak too well anymore.
Even Hundertwasser was played a role in that discussion
Also a lot of plays - some from Nestroy, Schnitzler, Ödon von Horvath etc
In der steirischen Sprache gibt es nämlich mehrere Phonetikregeln, die bestimmen, wie das geschriebene ü in der Sprache klingen muss
The demand for strong special cheeses is there but not mainstream
probably, but since yes won there have to be quite a few people in the yes majority areas as well
It wasn’t exactly the first time the Allies pretty much sold out an entire country to appease someone
Like, I'm pretty sure the spelling of Versteckt should be closer to "Vasteckd" or even stay "Versteckt", but neither properly show the pronunciation, so the point to writing in dialect instead of standard would be lost, while the way I spelt it gets the point across decently but looks wrong and probably still sounds off too
And this probably won't happen until the end of 21st century.
First google hit for "rent an elephant":
A man killed three people and injured several others by driving through a pedestrian zone at high speed.
Country-specific things, eg laws, taxes, government agencies etc
Yeah that would be one of the variants
Presumably, if only Germany wants this, it'll never come to fruition
Austria is older than Germany :p
Perfect crowns every time
i'm curious, what do you greeks need to defend yourself from so badly?
Mostly people seem to say 'kusö(n)'
Strange, I find him really likable.
The whole telco industry already came into being, divided by nations, after the creation of the EU, and it's a goddamned mess.
> the supremacy of God and the rule of law
EU, Islamistic Terrorists, Beer
Add to that a housing bubble and you have a dangerous mix
5 degrees can also be freezing with a bad amount of humidity and much wind
In all of the houses in my area I know, there is just one woodstove that only heats one room
Close friends of the host are expected to definitely chip in
Like Carinthians have the Styrian jokes for example
1 pc	Egg yol
". Relieved the woman thanked us with her best Merci and turned towards her daughter who was crying for food
Needs more Vodka
He looked instabile to some degree, but during his trial, it became know that he used to beat up costumers of his car dealing business with a person who was later convicted for recruting Daesh militants and preparing their journey to Syria.
>-30
However Beidl can also mean something else
It lost like a quarter of it's population in WW1
Yes, I watch it every year with my dad
Nowadays it has become very touristy and priced while still a tad bit cheaper have almost caught up
Austria is eastern europe confirmed
> it's just that they were young and fearless
I'm Krapfen
I'm happy that's it's the universal language because it's really easy
We're a small country, so some outside influence is inevitable, so I'm going to throw my weight behind a country that's actually democratic, not some Authoritarian state
That's not inflation, that's insane.
What I actually wanted to ask was why do you, and apparently several others speak German
That's not a Schnitzel
Local language, no
So far there is nobody who enjoys Schnitzel with sauce
in gaunzn Tog, Wappler
Oh the discussions I've had about that one
Best to park your car, get a coffee and make sure that the Russian is far away before you get going
it's not like the EU would or could do anything that's compareable to the things one "united" country can do
Hadi resigned, fled the country, was ousted by his own party, lost the parliament, formally gave executive power to the other fighting parties.
I'd say Vienna feels the most foreign to a majority of Austrians
Interesting to know that in Germany it‘s only white wine tho
There are some good memes but yeah
Why would you offer something like that to a non-memberstate?
It's great to hear a british voice of reason.
And how we treated the Balkans and Italy 100 years before wasn't quite too nice either
But unfortunately everyone ignored it
When so many people think that way, must be true.
I remember much of sex ed and drug ed was focused on the danger of it and you should always were an condom and never share a needle
...nothing in particular, I guess
Some prices will go to 2 and some to 1
Greek comes imho afterwards
Lots of what big countries expect us not to have, we do
Got a tetanus shot the next day from my the local doc and a better bandage
Firstly Austria hardly acted neutral during the cold war, having strong if informal ties with the western powers (going as far as building its whole defensive plannimg on beeing rescued by NATO in case of a WW3), secondly since 1991 and the fall of the USSR Austrian neutrality has become irrelevant internationally, thirdly since we joined the EU, the mutual assistance clause of the EU supercedes the Austrian neutrality law
As kids we played rock, paper, scissors, well
Our teacher was pretty strict on that, but that may have been because he was a Brit.
Das schaut russisch aus/Der russische Weg/
Its really eary to read Austrian and German newspapers of the time cheering on these atrocities as "good christianfolk exterminating red rats"
* the UK should not have 4 entries for sports championships
looks russian/The russian way (to do smth
Also there are some jokes that Vorarlberg is the Austrian version of New Zealand just because it gets forgotten sometimes
Well, then China
Wonsdt den dialegt nima lawast don legst an däu fon dena cultua ob und wiasd zum stinknoamalen preisn wie jeda ondre
Funfact: Kamehameha was the name of several kings of the Kingdom of Hawai'i before it was colonized and annexed by the US in 1898
There's a huge difference between "we'll get together in the evening and maybe have a beer and talk a bit", and "we all took some time and assembled everybody to hand you your keys and have you sign the subrental contract".
The President is a popular vote, If No canditate gets over 50% there is another election Just between the two strongest canditate
'leader' is really better translated as 'Anführer' though.
This is for me the biggest giveaway to sneakily differentiate between Austrians and (Northern) Germans when they are speaking English, or even a very very neutral standard German
fun fact: the chinese wanted to bring comrade (Tóngzhì) back into the political sphere, but stopped once they realised gay chinese men already used the term as slang for themselves
When the presidential election came in, the "Refugees Welcome"-camp disappeared for the whole year to not fuck up Alexander Van der Bellens campaign.
Totally missed that
Germans have their own ugly stupid language and the example given is a prime example on why its stupid
Most movies for cinema are sponsored by the ORF (our national public service broadcaster) and other national/public offices.
That's not really something people care about
you could say
So I just assumed the same for Italian speakers, but I might be wrong.
We have a second operator on the most important line across the country.
Just look at the link that has been posted that supposedly discusses the graph.
Again - what did you expect ?
It's basically very finely ground sausage meat in loaf form, baked in the oven, cut into slices and put in a Kaiserroll
But you get used to always having your key with you
I heard he won a drinking competition with the soviet representative
But they won't help that much when the snow is wet or mushy
] They have had their house in the center of Vienna since 1222
Oh I got another one, worked for a company in the defence industry as a software development intern (must have been in 2010 or so)
You sure that everyone knows that those are jokes
And most people I would say have no issues whatsoever
Aren't portuguese people brownish?
Which, living in the alps, obviously didn't use to be like that
But it was also an Austrian Motto, I think at a different time though
Looks like they might get a problem in 200-300 years
I can't complain about our new beaches in Carinthia.
I generally enjoy being off the net for a while, maybe reflect a bit if it could work for you too.
It's basically the way I sang English pop songs when I was 4 years old
They had wars with European countries from mid 14th century until 1913
true, i'd much prefer the uk to be a productive member of the EU.
* Some stuff that was important at the time
A criminal organization passing itself off as a religion.
I think it has to do with our ex-monarchy.
Thank you Turkey for introducing coffee to Vienna, even if that wasn't the plan
now due to me having to explain it, it looses all sense of humor
Good one
Any Moldovans here
The small print below the figure: 15-17 March 2017
And newspapers
Writing right to left, your hand will smear the ink when you write with the left hand
Regel 2:
There's quite a bit variation in the german language area.
than i opened an article and get that he just lost his job, not his life
Gösser Radler ist mittlerweile fast Standard im Hamburger späti
Mit dieser hirnamputierten Logik gäbe es nämlich keinen einzigen Österreicher vor 1918.
Austria's least livable village is still better than the world's most livable city
what kind of ritual is this
The biggest difference is what you did when you installed it
Fun fact: Most Austrians don't even know this film even exists.
Yes, they moved to Vienna in the late 19th century.
(Not sure on the exact things it was supposed to do) Well the catholic church didn't like the tradition and tried to banish it
That's what she told you
They have nothing to do with actual european life.
Edit: Ooh
One is a cultural thing and the other is a state thing.
I did(I specifically voted for a party that said it would vote for net neutrality), we cemented NN(well somewhat, zero rate is still allowed) and just because the American Royalty won't accept it, I still have to see this shit everywhere on my internet, that is safe in a proper NN accepting union
I can empathize, Austrians are also ratas, we always pay separate, and turns around every cent 3 times before spending it
We don't do flags - had our fair share of flags everywhere from 1938 - 1945.
Ich spring in *Singapur* in das kalte Wasser
Wouldn't make sense, citizens of memberstates are already EU citizens.
that's good news, especially the "fake" one-person entrepreneurs (that are actually contract workers) need those
It looks like a cache pot for 15€ in IKEA
Who cares about insignificant stupidities when there are real, serious issues at hand?
* Group F: Play-off winner A (D)*, Portugal, France, Germany
Also aus Österreich nach Liechtenstein ausgezogen
Idky, it just sounds french
If it weren't for that part of OP's question then yeah, there'd be a lot more Austrian examples
Why is she so hated by Scotsmen
On the one Hand he was a proponent of Dollfuß and the "Ständestaat" but then again he suffered quite a lot at Dachau
I think the Urban was an attempt to "SUVifye" it, it had more "stylish" exterior like different bumbers
Gott zum Gruß!
Why wouldn't Austrians avail themselves of Hungarian offerings a handful of kilometers away, and why wouldn't Hungarians cross the border to work?
I never understood why you call it federweißer, as we call it Sturm (just storm)
" and boom its implemented
For exaple I once attended the final exam for conduction students there - free entery and fun to watch
Are any of those great speeches you've read the result of political debate in parliament?
The reason why many live so extremly close and not more spread out over the village is because the area was farmland and owned by my family, after my grandfather died my uncle decided to not continue the farm so everyone in the family old enough just got a piece od land, under this people where my father and a few cousines
British cuisine isn't "shit", it's just very unremarkable
Is Upper Austria known for Crystal or was that just a joke
I heard Bosnia has lots of Muslims nowadays
The HRE didn't yet exist at the time
Eggs, milk and cheese
These cities evolved together
Not american, so this is what i mean
Schrödinger's Turk
However, I can personally see that fade.
Fortunately with a car you can just stop by
I always thought the Poles hate that building because it remembers them on the soviet time
>I don't know his songs
1800 would be a toss-up between Vienna and Berlin with Vienna probably being bigger
Ya'll ever heard of World War 1
funny, you arent by any chance related to that former colony, are you?
They've pulled enough bullshit already in the past, be wary.
or am I confusing them with someone else
If you feel like adding more diacritics again, the [T2 layout/Europatastatur] is a viable option (and quickly installed)
It was focused after the Austrian Prussian War
Hannover
For example, when the german football team (Who usually plays very good) lost against Austria's team (Which doesn't play good at all, to say it nicely) everyone made fun of the Germans
Oh, thanks
No offence, but Denmark still lost consistently for over 500 years since the Kalmar Union was dissolved in 1523 (guess in 3 years you can celebrate the fifth centenary beginning of the downfall)
Also compared to other western european countries good wages and a high GDP (#5 in the EU)
I realize now that my first statement may be a bit narrow minded in itself
I have a foreign name and I really love it (it is also a great conversation starter with Bulgarians)
Zero points, and rightly so
In rural areas there's no way you get something vegan at a restaurant that's not just lettuce or potatoes
Less Germans, more Eastern Europeans
It's so fitting that of all the months in the year Gay Christmas is in May
Labor (Laboratory)
And then pigs would fly, hell freeze over and the world would end
Clearly skipped geography in school
The president, however, is directly elected
so many dialects i don't understand at all
I have a polish friend and I understand some polish too due to my mother being polish and if he or I speak polish my Hungarian friend sometimes understands a word or two
I made a mistake though, here *both* projectile and floor are spelled and pronounced Geschoß [ɡəˈʃoːs], and in the North *both* are spelled and pronounced Geschoss [ɡəˈʃɔs]
You don't really need it for anything befor that
After having such a long and fierce history of wars with each other, this for me is one of the most beautiful political advancements of the past 70 years
Are they going on a sunday
I don't buy UTH milk so yes, the milk definitely goes into the fridge
More like three exceptions: 1) National interest (eg famous artists and sportsmen) 2) it serves the well-being of a child and 3) you are entitled to both citizenships at birth and keeping both is necessary for some reason worth being considered.
I don't know if it's especially my country but we have those 5€ coins collectables (I get one each New Year's Eve) wich you theoretically can buy sruff with but nobody does that
Salt minery has been big in western Austria for thousands of years too, creating massive wealth during the bronze and/or iron age
But on the other hand the average salary in Bratislava is already on par with the Austria average and higher than in the rural areas nearby
I mixed it up I meant the beach at the Hague
- I enjoy going hiking, and get uneasy when I find myself in a very flat landscape
Because in the long term that is what will happen.
I can't even like that write
Don't believe the propaganda
They do mix it up with some branded products that are very popular (e.g.
The US or China would lead that ranking
Ah okay
Natives do it too, where I live
For once the brightest star that‘s seen right before dawn, and also the weapon, Morning Star
And I don't know if these count, because there's no text, but also [The Blue Danube] and [Radetzky March] for some reason
Das Parfüm
I live in a neutral country and our troops are not supposed to act outside our borders.
- Same with "griechisch" (Greek) and anal sex
I said “well, let me think“ and started staring at thw huge castle looming on a mountain above the city
No, it might have been implied that having an outside force insulting you can have a uniting effect on the whole populace and be beneficial to whoever milks it the best.
Funland must be either a kiwi with a thick accent pronouncing the name of the country, or a beautiful instance of self-deprecating humour
That‘s why I avoid pronouncing certain brand names if I spoke German for a long period of time prior
Letting an austrian painter move to germany
Streaming movies and other shows is legal too.
But that doesn't make the core of the argument wrong
Bin auch in der Baubranche hab jetzt aber nie bewusst auf Türen geachtet
Just an example: when I was 14 (19 now) I had a severe skiing accident where I injured my head
On the domestic (skiing) front it was the whole theater of the Austrian winter tourism mafia (especially the funicular operators) during the corona pandemic, and over the last few years in general ([e.g the completely unnecessary Hinterstoder extension] The ÖSV and especially the unbelievably egomaniacal autocrat Peter Schröcknadel are highly involved in all of this (e.g. Schröcknadel owns Hinterstoder)
Calling yourself a socialist=/=being a socialist
Cafés of Europe: juilius meinl in Vienna Austria
I knew it would be 'Vo Mellau bis ge Schoppernou' :D
There's some buildings who have a basement like that but most apartments have their own setup nonetheless
Thanks to you you guys we look like the Shiba Inu puppy of nations, when really we always have been more like a really bitter, bitchy, and psychotic old house-cat
Tolve	FI
I feel like many tend to stay with their parents in the countryside and only way later move out to a big city because their job is there
u/dalton-bot
their history is very long and varied.
As multiethnicity is a basic reality and a basic necessity of modern societies, acceptance of other ethnicities is needed for a modern society to funtion
who said that and how does it fit your country
Also, it tastes amazing and is the best
>You're pretty much right about everything the only thing i will add is that we did actually win the war against Sweden to get Skåne back in the 1670s. We had it, but then Sweden got their ally France involved who told us to give it all back again
Stfiu
But from the Turkish perspective, a strong, inofficial Kurdish state right in their backyard is obviously not in their geopolitical interest for a multitude of reasons
It's in direct correlation with our drunkeness and your willingness to buy us drinks
So there was this guy called Falco, he was(is) AWESOME like, one of a kind, sadly he passed away after a horrible car crash in 1998 but his music lives on
But I think it is not that easy to find Austrians that cook dishes from scratch
He put the Roman back into the Holy Roman Empire.
Hah
000 inhabitants and Austria is third with 21
It's not an actual word in German, but thanks to the LEGO-like properties of German (compounding), "Sausage" can mean "pig-tale" (like a tale about a pig, not the hair style)
Getting back together with Ireland or staying in the UK
Underfinanced, undertrained, underequipped and more than anything undermotivated
And they have an online shop where you can order a case with 12 bottles of whatever you want
Other than that, no
I mean, we did make a movie called Piefke Saga and called it "satire"
I‘ve never heard Germany x Austria x Switzerland be referred to as DACH and am wondering why I didn‘t think of that
Yes, I'm very grateful to live in Austria and basically exploit Germany for all the germanized things
The Austrian take on hood ham is [Vulcano Schinken (sorry only german website)] Been there, they told us they aim to compete with names like Serrano or Prosciutto
By that logic I could have picked any of the dwarf countries, but no matter how intertwined, they aren't EU members
Hofer conded last time as well.
I've lost count how many times Putin now has made Obama look like a foreign policy fool.
Well, the Austrian one kind of, the first part, but otherwise not really
"Hey, either you are with us or fuck you
Except in the bedroom, I like thick comfy blankets so I keep it at 18-19°.
sometimes it's a black cat
I also loved those annoying sounding parrots that are all over the place
international doom and depression, with some nuclear fallout added on top, and dictatorships as a side dish.
For me it's confusing, that snabel is a trunk xD
Don't think so, under normal circumstances
Switzerland: you've got direct democracy dialed
Incredible caricature
Huh, I guess they haven't updated the English text [on this official website] in quite some time then
He says "If there's a life after death, then where the hell is everybody
"Griaß di
Yes
Sorry for that one
It's important to remember that turkey does in fact not own northern Cyprus, even if they like to act like they do
He also does not believe that a man has been to the moon, because that's impossible
While that might be true, the path to roaming free is not easy.
Poland should have received the ‘square deal’ the Western Allies promised them, but instead the US and UK bent over for Uncle Joe’s cock
The West/East comparison is totally not accurate but the rest certainly is
It does
Estonia - Estland - Eesti - Tallinn - [the Nordic one]
Was heißt da dass wir die Nachteile nicht wollen?
Das von dem Haus in dem ich wohne ist auch nicht selbstschließend
**Liechtenstein:** I don't don't know what to thank for, but you're cool
Out of 50 people (10 teams everyone had to ask 5 people or groups of people) 3 got austria right (and one of them who got it right was a spanish woman, the other people we asked were english) (technicly 4 got it right but the 4th one got helped by some guy that was asked the question before by another group)
Let's see where this is going
Both are transcontinental
A vanishingly small, politically irrelevant island with a very interesting and unique history and a peculiar native language (a weird sort of "latinized Arabic")
(And nothing beats Augustiner & Stigel as one other poster said)
I don't care if it's rude
Find something with low fees
You said „cultural heritage“ and Auschwitz is not a cultural heritage of Europe because our culture doesn’t include gassing people to their fucking death
I follow German politics somewhat, since I sometimes watch the news before TV shows in German TV and it is well covered in Austrian news as well.
The reason why so many scandals leaked out were the ÖVP people fighting against Kickl
During the conversation he ask me which village i am from and i said the name
Hitler salute at our concentration camp memorial sites
In the case of revolutions corruption generally sees the light of days because old data is found, analysed and published
thats whats usually taken as the founding of Austria
A pillar stone of modern civilisation but quite the meanies
the reactions you get will be much better
At that point nobody will want to become a citizen any more
I was already getting really worked up because I thougt some accounts get the newsletter and others don't.
If this is already a lost battle, we might as well do what's morally right.
I mean this is also the basis of communal participation - starting from doctors / school visits to elections
I've never been to Liezen tho
Though athletes tend to fall out of public consciousness after a while
Burglar broke into house once, I think that might be the worst one because you don't feel safe in your own home anymore
"Es war der Wein von Mykonos "
Yeah ... that's the next thing, people stockpiling on mineral water or such
The traditional choice of bad fillings for "fun" used to be mustard
The Kingdoms and Lands Represented in the Imperial Council and the Lands of the Holy Hungarian Crown of St.
Das Joghurt
Even here, many people don't know very much about all that
They talk about a (Dutch) culture, but when I look around I don't see it.
International event
Instead, the Police prevented the Parliament from reassembling and dealing with it and Dolfuß and pals use the opportunity for a coup
About "can" - a lot of people actually can live (for a while) in the USA, but relatively few choose to
The raw or pasteurization milk I put always in the fridge, the condensed/coffee milk and the plant milks only when they are open
The first military operation in both World Wars got commanded by an Austrian born guy
> some people consider it as gay if a boy has an iPhone
On another note, I believe these weird dick-measuring contests over whose language is harder are stupid and pointless
[Edit] better layout / fixed numbers
best in the world
Austrian version: [
" or "Duas handy weg
\- alternate Universe #238658544
Eta urre da
It's been pretty much the most beautiful, magical part of the country, simply cut out of it
If he's Czech he's a Austrogerman Czech
The Romans stayed there until around the 4th century, then the *Quadi* came and fucked shit up
Believe me, lots of people have a credit card - for the few payments that are not possible with debit card (like booking some flights, or trains in the UK over the internet.) But unless I am abroad, I never have the credit card on me.
There's a few letters that you change, just because you get sloppier or adapt because you can never read them
I just said that implication wasn't good.
remind me please was that a comedy
Total casualties among the cavalry were 150 men
Nobody wears them daily or for work
I guess it evens out in the end
Now that's the worst insult I've heard in my life
When the prince comes the next time the witch lets down Rapunzel's hair, and the prince climbs the tower, and is frightened
"Meinetwegen" is probably the most formal
So **that's** why the UK wanted to leave
We do not have an expression for splitting the bill among a group, because it is common practice here that each person always pays their own food and drinks
I think would really be a little bit warmer, especially in the winter
I think certain groups of the Roma people do that in the Balkans (certainly not all Roma)
If you’d be living in my home for a prolonged time, meaning to be probably alone with my stuff and have theoretically access to my most private documents etc
I was the only kid in my secondary school class who didn't have a middle name, but many of my friends would rsther die than reveal their middle name for some reason
I approve
Werner Faymann, former Austrian Chancellor.
Such cafeterias as OP asks about are places in the city where you get a menu for a few euro, usually frequented by students and people on their lunch break (or typically single men who want a warm dinner without cooking themselves)
If you remember the beginning of the movie Gladiator, where Russel Crow's character goes north to a military camp to fight in a battle against Germanic tribes
Don't want to give up your current citizenship even if it wouldn't make much difference either way
* [This one was close to Bad Ischl]
His family has been telling him in recent years that he's been getting too old to live all the way there on the mountain, all alone, but he's too stubborn, and says, he was born in that house, has spent all his live in that house, and he will die in that house
Overall I prefer it in Austria
And those commie blocks everywhere, ugh
2) Culturalle they are still close to the rest of Austria (although ther are differences of course)
I wouldn‘t‘vd gone either, if I‘m being honest, if it wasn‘t for my mom and my dad forcing me to because they think it‘d be bad for our image if none of their children went
Even on that it's an atrocity, what did that poor pig ever do to you to deserve that
You should have named Germany as Austria
Please next prevent non-democratic countries (China) from buy shares in EU companies
I do know 2-3 videos with a stolen beat (one of our politicians thinks he can rap, very cringy but oh well)
Well then that's definitely not true
For many people in Austria, American cuisine is equal to McDonald's and Burger King - the only American burger chains that exist in Austria.
My first thought was an assassins creed before WW1 that ends in sarajevo with killing Franz Ferdinand, because honestly there are way to many games about Hitler and WW2 already
E.g. "Die Konsistenz meines Stuhls war heute sehr weich, ich muss wohl mehr Ballaststoffe essen
Why are you bringing this distinction up when you just provided a link to a statement from a part of the **German government** (that part being [Thomas Oppermann] current chairman of the SPD parliamentary group) considering to fine Facebook if they do not remove certain content?
People are getting more and more similar.
Wanna see these Qataris squrim when they don´t get their Mercedes, BMW and other luxury cars or even replacement parts
The UK is now arguing, how deeply integrated into the EU they want to be
I'm pretty sure no one has ever said that word out loud.
"Soldier
I worked near a restaurant that served it - we often went there for lunch.
Yeah, it's the same in German
Actually it is a zone closed off by barriers and hooded men
I thought it was their regal name, but now that I think of it, I guess Hawai'ian (regal) naming customs differ from European ones
Huh, I don't know
Grias eich
I don't really think so
That is entirely possible
Your cheeks are conscious
at some ball game or open-air concert yeah, but in the opera or theaters
Others stayed in Austria ready to take orders
Wasn't this guy and his force sort of keeping ISIS in check
I'm sure there's SOME statute of limitations, we just don't know how many hundred years before any claim is lost.
It’s almost illegal so to say
That library reminds me of the citadel in mass effect
I think they're just testing the waters.
It isn't in the marketing department because they don't know basic spelling
While it doesn’t really have any skyscrapers, it focuses on vibrant architecture and public spaces, so you pretty much always have some kind of streetlife over there
>  or the red and white checkered tablecloth (which frankly I've never seen in my 30 years of existence)
There's probably regional differences.
German economical sucess means sucess for all its neighbours thanks to the way we are interconnected by now.
For example in Russia there are more women but that just because there are much more older women but in younger ages there are more men.
Crazy
So Obst+Schale (fruit+bowl) makes Obstschale (fruit bowl)
People there are much less opposed and much more likely to vote for an FPÖ candidate.
] It's all marble and hardwood and Art Noveau
" & "They just didn't set foot into district XYZ" is what you are going to hear
The really "stylish" Austrians always end up looking like what Berliner hipsters looked like 3 years ago
Depends on the Viennese you speak
I'm glad that they are the ones managing the Corona crisis and not the previous ÖVP+FPÖ government
Eure Kolonie
Wyoming gets 1 elector for every
Salt, pepper and nutmeg are the most common ones)
The EU doesn't force a country to defend another member.
all that being said, if you get construction material like a pallet of bricks and order a sizeable amount, you'd normally have it delivered to your home
This is not the US
Damn, the correct answer either way is always "Wow, even better
Why not decide that on a case by case basis?
Yeah I would agree, even though I have also met people in smaller villages that would disagree saying that there is always sexual tension between men and women, making true friendship impossible (which is obvious bullshit)
We arrived in Da Lat, probably the 2nd or 3rd sentence the guy who picked us up from the bus stop dropped was "There are a lot of Chinese tourists here, I don't know why they come here
The [Graz Museum of Modern Arts] is considered as a shining example
Drop them somewhere in siberia, give them guns, last survivor decides the government
Has a bit of "big international city" flair, but is actually not all too big
If they are noh guarded, a single ladder is enough to pass over a wall
Everyone knows it and sings along when it's played at any public gathering
Nobody can predict what's going to happen in the future, there may be other bad news ahead and the market could drop further.
soy to summarize:
Probably a Döner, 2nd choice would be some Asia noodles, 3rd choice McDonald's
Last year they bought the german lighting giant OSRAM
Not every server does it but it does happen
1st grad the town/village is the topic, 2nd grad the county, 3rd grad the state and 4rd grad the country.
Also fjords
Yes but the only people who say "liberal" when they mean "social liberal" are Americans
Before we explored other parts of the world all of our food was rather bland
So no surprise it was that limestone heavy
1million+ city, really
Really depends
" which doesn´t translate to "sowieso" at all
Went abroad for a language course - ended up staying at the same host family as a teacher of mine
Nope, not the nose
We loved the city center but we made sure to sleep and eat just outside of it
We sometimes use some weird metric based units like dekagramm (or just deka)
They used to have the AUG A1 and a 9mm version of the AUG
I probably could live/move there, but in general I'd treat it similar to moving to the UAE/Saudi Arabia/China/Iran/Japan
I think that being somewhat part of the anlgosphere made them a target for those "therapies" in the first place, making it even necessary to ban it.
The people were immediately put into refugee camps in Eastern Austria and resettled over the years.
You pay all the reparations
The (dative) article is actually really unnecessary here, so is the preposition, because obviously we are going TO the supermarket, where else would we go; definitely not under it
Like, do you actually pronounce "Versteckt" properly where you're from, or is the spelling just the same
Chains are made for a short emergency
Especially for the central Asian horseback people
Yes
wherever you go, you have someone smoking next to you.
You could probably do stunts with that thing
edit: No wait
I thought the plan was to roll out the new passport until 2016.
Yeah there are a lot of these words for example gift=married kiss=pee slut=end fart=speed etc
At most some industries will get exceptions but i have my doubts even there
I had never heard of them until they nearly became a customer of ours
I know him because I watch The Rubin Report.
Wucher (usury) is more flexible when it comes to the misproportion of value/countervalue and it also focuses on extortion or abusing a weak position of the other person, his young age and therefore not being able of proper judgement, or special desperation and so on
German people understanding my Austrian German is probably the biggest problem for them.
No, we dont have that here unfortunately
Around 2000IU / day, and take it with a meal for better absorption
The last time the US tried to dump their cheap chicken onto the European market it [pretty much backfired] for them
...what would be cool though is if there would be a cooking related sub, thats not 99% American
Hungary: welcome back :)
Its student population is tiny at less than 500 and the curriculum contains only law and political science
Then I remind them that we invented the language they are bastardising
And why didn't we exist
Last weekend I went skiing, today I'm outside in a T-Shirt
Corona could be better and we had some embarrassing (goverment) IT projects lately
Similarly, I wanted to read the newest Harry Potter books as soon as they were released, so I at the very least had to be able to at least read English reasonably well
Unless you want to make the dough yourself (though that's mainly because I got zero idea about it)
It's a retail problem and not a manufacturing problem.
* list - (List = trick)
Which germany agreed to
Nah it's just that every single one of them is on this protest /s
Just admired the same shot from the hotel on IG adlersparesorts :D But yours is better
pro tip: dont shit into fans and you wont have that problem, and can leave some TP for other people
krumlov is almost my second home
To show you respect other peoples health
I love them
In Austrian German you can replace "bitte" with "schnell" pretty often without sounding rude
They just told them the way back so no big fight or anything but I guess u guys paid them back
But sometimes snow can really really really ruin your day
I find it crazy that Germans and Austrians regularly claim that they write cursive while they don't. Most ppl write some weird mix of 80% normal 20% cursive
Total | **10** | **4** | **4**
Switzerland is basically just Salzburg with a better tax haven
Except a ton of them are scammers :D
Swedish: Maybe a fourth, maybe a third or so of the words
if you aren’t belonging to the race of Mole People you sure want to see the sunlight at some point and not solely be confined to the hotel-mall-restaurant circle
The chancellor doesn't really have power
[And at the Olympics] [Also the male world cup winners] [Also.
Why is it important to you to proof that he isnt Austrian
it comes down to a matter of time.
And it wasn't really snow days, the busses of one half of the county did get stuck in the snow, but the othere half of the county had to go to school (was a big highschool like school for the whole county)
But they're trying
This might help ease the chaos too
I still don't understand why they felt the need to make a German dub for what is basically a trilingual movie that is already ~30% in German, with some fantastic German-speaking actors at that (August Diehl just appears in one scene, but it's arguably the second best scene in the movie and he completely steals it)
Tell him germans like to hear compliments about politicians
Leberkassemmel mit Gurkerl
There is a stark contrast between German as ethnicity and as a nation and back in the days the words were used almost exchangeable, which is still hurting Austria today
Especially the borroka ones often look like they're about to climb a mountain
But I'd try apple-Almdudler
You seem a "bit" paranoid...no point in arguing with you.
You’re exceptionally gifted
A real Belgian identity that **doesn't** rely on exclaiming if you are from Flanders/Wallonia would be really helpful.
Cannot be bothered to plow through 82 pages to find the source myself.
Add to that a housing bubble and you have a dangerous mix
Yes, we do
I can't find the source, but if I'm not mistaken, this is just a ban on veils for teachers, judges and other state employees.
Although he was no Nazi sympathizer (he was too young to "participate" in the war and lost his father and brother plus was displaced from his hometown in Serbia, so he just hated the entire war) he disliked the soviets even more
Younger ones do
Vienna:
Look:
We also talk shit about each other all the time.
Just like in Vienna
If you nuke 5 cities in the US their economy is suddenly 50% smaller.
In the end a B1/2 Level can be archived fairly easily - but does that mean that they speak the language ? It just means he sat in a classroom and a test was taken
5°C can be extremely cold and -5°C can be comfortable depending on wind and humidity
Protesting against  financial help for southern eu countries helps in this regard to secure votes
Pray for Germany
92% do though
> "Wat weis ick
In school we just learned that familys had to go trough checkpoints to visit familys in the other side
You can't start a World War without Austria, so he'd have to insult Sacher cake or Wiener Schnitzel (which technically comes from Italy).
Hi, thank you for your contribution, but this submission has been removed because it is local crime.
Or would it be rather pointless
not sure about Slovakia but about those I do know is that a lot workers commute to Austria for construction jobs and other work
A literally mansion
The SocDem parties that did fared rather well like in Portugal and Labour in GB before the whole Brexit debacle
If I remember correctly Gin during that time was very pure alcohol and the poor drank it like water
He seems like a nice man
Kickl is even worse TBH
[... there are kangaroos in Austria]
That's how I think it is here, everything movie-related happens in the dominant capital, but nobody goes around making up the name Viennawood for that
From "your storage organization is very neat and easy to understand" to ironically using it like "Die Auswahl in dem Geschäft war doch eher übersichtlich" - "the assortment in that store was rather small".
Yeah but since the countryside blames everything ether on germans, hungarians, poles or on vienna there will not be a lot for vienna to march on
The stories
Yeah, we are, but that's again just the result of a healthier diet, and healthier lifestyle.
English adopted this name for our land, I guess, with the Norman conquest
> think you're underestimating our winters
Its just that his contact lenses have a slight blue tint.
Not really if you don't watch German TV or read German news
Nah, it's obviously St
Primary schools typically don‘t. Middle schools typically do and higher education varies
Well, yes and no
'Why call yourself Greenland?' Well there's a few speculations about that.
Maybe not on an individual basis, but in general I would argue that there are certain values people share, like never ever wearing shoes in the house.
We don’t tear the place down, that’s what we do to remind people of the atrocities that happened there
Germanic maybe, but not german.
Cannewood it is then, or Forêt Canne or something similar
2020 lets get it done
that's difficult
obviously
Isn't Hungarian somehow connected
2) if traditional winefarmer's eateries (Heurige) serve only cold cuts with table service (of course) or also hot food buffet-style (heresy)
Skiing is the devil and mountains are meh
ca beschaeftigen sich ausschliesslich mit Mennoniten Plattdeutsch
Indeed, but he was german
> Hallo mijn vriend
I think almost everybody says "oke" in austria while germans tend to say "okay"
We don‘t joke about that: Dear Italians, we want our South Tyrol back :l
Well, let them special snowflakes be special
Why don't you learn Spanish/Chinese/Irish/Quechua instead???" SO.
very atypical for my country :)
I discovered it because it's used in Dj Snake's "Quiet Storm" and in "Colt" by Sierra Kidd
The people
Because there is quite a difference between dozens of individual gropings and several hundred cases of sexual assault out of a large mob in a single place and night, with police as witnesses even.
That estimate comes from the number of children contracting measles.
Amnesty International is not a controversial source when it comes to slavery and other human rights abuses
But if a European far-right politician talks about "secret circles of east coast elites who control mass immigration" or something like that, that usually an anitsemitic dogwhistle in the tradition of the "Protocols of the Elders of Zion". Same goes for George Soros
Our system is fucked
Italy: give us Südtirol back, then we are cool
Miguel Ángel Revilla told me so at least
Ok wow I took a long time to understand that
Do cars drive themselves or are driven by people
So I personally only learned cursive
Das ist doch Susan
End rant, stay safe Americans, and I hope you can power through this *attack on your freedom
It's not the same as German standard German either in grammar or in spelling
Tell him we are all nudists
Although it is always a treat when I fly over to get the real thing
I fear what the EU is going to fail at next, after its disastrous Brexit negotiations
Totally normal in Austria, nothing medieval about it
These are insanely delicious
Using other providers than gmail has nothing to do with being tech illiterate, and of course all company email has custom domains on top
In rural areas there's no way you get something vegan at a restaurant that's not just lettuce or potatoes
In my own interest I'll say no ;)
Why not go for a full EU - ASEAN FTA?
I mean, come on
i suggest you start smoking to feel better about it /s
But you are right, the difference is the taxpayer's money
Pölten: sleeper towns to Vienna
Because saying that all people are like that wouldn't be ok.
We're the same age and I live in Lower Austria, close to Vienna
Interestingly enough, he was in the french foreign legion before he got drafted into the Wehrmacht
Da-nube
One hint for potential tourists: if you want a nice hike, make sure there's no cable car going up that mountain
Some move out already during high school, others move out when they go to university (e.g. in students dorms) and again others move out as soon as they begin to work and earn their own money
- With my peers I'm conflict-shy, do not like direct confrontation and tend to talk around problems rather then addressing them
I don't know, i really enjoy the English language for several reasons, one being its simplicity
In high German I pronounce it with an s, but in my German dialect it's sh, like all s.
In this raid German paratroopers freed Benito Mussolini from captivity
All new addresses are gmail and have been since 2012 when google gained the rights
EXPECTO PATRONUM
Der Panther - Maria Rilke
When an American says they are Swedish it means their heritage.
> riots in supermarkets
Austria being part of Germany
My grandpa fought in WWII and was captured by the russians (as war prisoner), and came back after the war
Yeah nobody likes fungus
Germany is a lot more "culturally Western European" than Austria; the only exception is Bavaria
By "always Tschechien" I mean it's called that since 1993, i.e.
How far along the roadmap are you to get NBN put in
If you start later summer time is no problem any more
Red Bull
I don't want to spend crazy amounts of money for cold food at home
There had been a warning about half a year ago in Steyr, because they found bacteria somewhere within the system
Oh wow that's even prettier than white on black
A girder says 1890, but it's a a very plain and simple house, like those build after WW2.
Or when we say something like "Dreiviertel Vier" for 15:45h. Or the word "ein bisschen". And then there´s the word "eh" which is a story for itself
It doesn't even register as three separate consonants for me and how unwieldy it can make a word look
it’s more the inaccessibility of health care that’s made fun of, not necessarily the quality
Now I'm curious what language they speak though
I think most Austrians don't even care the slightest about the topic.
Ah, I thought the people are planting them themselves
Pasta, my dude
I know in English they're often used interchangeably but they're different things
It very much depends on how you want to spend that money.
These are incredible
"Dude
"Oh noes we were the first victims we didn't do anything".
Tbh, I think going from Berlin to any place but Vienna would have been more interesting, even if it's to literally any other Bundesland-Capital
They even managed to make the sugar free version taste good
>I pledged to boycot the thing years ago when rumours about 400 dead workers (slaves
IMHO many things were never of any use as they had ecome obsolete by the time we left school
Probe (correct translation: untersuchen)
Pasina	FI
While we were somewhat on track with enlightenment before the french revolution (Joseph II is the most significant reformer here), the reaction after finaly defeating the french occupation was to crawl back into the "safety of absolutism" with the system Metternich.
Chilly: 4 to 14
EOs can be overrulled by the parlament.
If *you* would do that, you'd not see the next day
Things like the introduction of a new crop rotation system or the invention of new milling technology or the developments of city and town structures were way more important in the development of a region than the guy that extracted the taxes from them
For any other neighbouring country I'd say "no chance that a majority of Austrians can name three towns".
hard question for Austrians since basically everything leads to a world war
Regel 4:
To take a French shower (wearing perfume instead of actually washing yourself)
Really
It's either that or they are Italic sister languages of Latin who have had heavy Latin influences over two millenia
Played pretty much all Axis Powers and Allieds except UK, not a real bias there
But we have our own way of saying that
American and british strategic bombardement caused a lot less damage then the allies anticapated
Here at the Bavarian/Austrian border it seems as if we have gotten off rather good
For Norway it was similar, the only real revenue came from ore mines in the mountains
and now instead of fixing the problems, most things are just fixing symptoms etc...
Mit Leberkas oder wenn man damit was Deftiges isst: Dann ist es mit Salz verdammt gut
I have heard it plenty, especially lately
Churchill, on the other hand, was the most respectable of the Big Three (not that that says much), and he was certainly less forthcoming to the Soviet Union and their demands
In the German version, it was all changed to Dutch instead
If he is not against it, there must be some issue with it we haven't found yet.
I literally don't know a single person IRL who holds such a grudge against the US.
Very negative thing in my opinion.
I secksed ur mum
Never heard *anyone* say that, and I've lived in Europe all my life.
I don't think so, there wasn't any mass groping this year, just a lot of shitheads around.
That is our ultimate victory
encrypted on Dropbox, write down or memorize a handful of mobile phone numbers that you'd need in case your phone get lost (or you just drop it and it dies!), make sure you have reasonably easy access to emergency funds (I'd recommend about 100€ worth of cash which should help you over a longer weekend or get you across nearly any European country).
Uhm, you do have a land border with Ireland and Spain (Gibraltar)
The power in the national council remains unchanged, leading to the most impotent gov in the 2nd republic.
Not particularly history but still pretty known:
Imagine creating a Union and not even join it
I am from Spain and I have lived in Germany: in Saarland and Hamburg, whereas I literally hated Saarland, I fell in love with Hamburg
but maybe I'm just saying that because I'm so used to also havinv three numbers (among a few others nobody knows about or remembers during an emergency)
Some houses instead of the "Parterre" do have the "Mezzanin" which is a bit higher than the ground floor (4-5 steps)
Except that 2nd generations don't "come" from where their parents are from.
I'm really generous when calling that 700m "mountain" a hill
If asked by police or something, you do not need to have ID if you're a citizen, they'd just look you up in some national database
But all in all not very well known outside of specialist circles
That's literally the reason why people vote right in Austria though.
That's basically the start of Austria.
Not to forget the family zone which is the complete opposite of quiet
Austria still has an substantial amount of industry and they still primarily vote for the social Democrats.
Owning a car however means saving a lot less of course
edit: okay guys you can stop telling me that Muslim is not a race now
I think you can only answer this if you know Europe and the US very well.
There are also words, that have its origin in Slovene, or were influenced by Slovene
one of my sons plays in the local football club
Your political situation is kind of unstable.
How about Berlin
It's very rarely discussed, as no political party could gain anything from advocating joining NATO.
japanese are guilty of their own food crimes towards pizza, but I guess they get a free pass for the way the world has been raping the concept of sushi
;-) We  could give our relationship a new try
Which Krampus thing
My farts became chemical weapons two hours later
The funny thing is:
> I know plenty of very nice, intelligent, non-delusional religious people here in the States (yea, I know, it kinda sucks)
Even says so on the English and German Wiki
But if the other options are Le Pen or Fillon, I'd take Macron any day.
&#x200B;
Their traffic broke down suddenly
There's no EU police that's guarding the border.
"Today"? How would you even be able to reliably determine the date when a settlement this old was officially founded
And in this particular case it's more than understandable
Or you could vote for the SPÖ to get them into the coalition
But those that were into it (at least around 30-40% of the population), [were *really really really* into it]
Sehr gängiger Ausdruck
I live in a place with non chlorinated water and we had one time about 3-4 years ago when our water was not safe for consumption
But why would you want to buy Nutella in France if it's shit?
I have never voted for a lesser evil and I have never regretted a vote
Don't forget Frucade
Height is very specific and personal, yet we can certainly generalize it
You can still make money with a share if the company isn't paying out a dividend or buying back its own shares
as a to go meal or, if you are that hungry, to eat in the store while you shop
"Blockwart" is literally calling someone a Nazi snoop
You can still see the cultural ties with last names and cuisine for instance
I work in a retirement home (as part of my civil service)
Dia wisse halt it was guat isch.
if they really changed it, that's great!
When I drive 1 hour in a certain direction my Mom won't understand any person there
Although it is more challenging for people from Vorarlberg, especially older ones
Like how you say "Johannes" in German sometimes
I understood that
That all the Nazis were welcomed back and everyone was happy to see them returning ?
Most people would be worried that stagnant water in the fridge-pipes would be unsafe, and water comes with perfect drinking-temperature from the tab anyway
Not a huge fan of online resources.
Also there are many supermarkets which are connected to a gas station which circumvents the prohibition.
We love y'all but we don't consider you balkanese
like someone who has to do all the work
I'm still very much a leftie, I have just abandoned my idealistic hopes and dreams for a more realistic idea of a country with a very strong social net and regulated capitalism
Allegedly wearing shoes is what causes that.
r/me_ira
It depends heavily on the family size though
18+ men are required to join for a year or something, but we couldn't legally go to war anyways, our country is tiny and they mostly provide flood relief (which is great but
> I haven't entered a church since I was in lower school :/
Wurscht is one of the most used words in (southern) German for that reason
As an Austrian: Well, we have a kind of love hate relationship with our eternal enemy
There are actual rules for that, apparently, and I do not know them well enough to use them properly
Well it‘s none of their business and they don‘t bother me with religious stuff anyway
It's because you can't cross a lawn without killing a few ants, you will never even know it.
What I find really irritating is people running around in deep winter clothes when it's like 15°C outside
Probably somewhere on the countryside, citys are usually more expensive.
Also in religious education but I don't know If it's part of the curiculum
also ask each of the questions in the language of the countries the presidents come from
pls no anschluss 2
mostly because there still are _some_ mistakes but the rest is so good that you wouldn't look for them, since it reads *exactly as if a real person wrote it*. but at the end of the day, they're the same mistakes a human translator would make as well if he's not super careful
There's a part in pretty much every household dedicated to taking off your shoes and potentially putting on gues shoes/slippers.
Also my account was suspended, idk why, all I'ce done is adding m own pics under a CC license and asked in the discussion pages If there is more Proof to Things I've found online to some topics
And even if, so what
What are the maltese authorities gonna do
I always thought HC Strache was worse...
* [The Kunsthistorisches Museum] (Museum of Fine Arts or literally translated: Museum of Art History)
However the direct interactions of the characters seem a bit
[source]
>German cities
> Also in Vienna in particular its one of the cheapest ways to eat out while still getting a taste of the hearty Austrian cuisine
"Eventually" and the German word "eventuell" are false friends
Dutch is similar, understand written but listening to it is quite hard
Hochdeutsch ü,
We just got Austria/Austro-Hungary, then some 1st republic, then those nazi assholes, and then the 2nd republic
It's this stupid culture of feeling guilty for something that previous generations did and not being able to differentiate between denouncing the Nazi era and keeping up national sovereignty.
Hope it gets colder soon
And then there is this drinking sport where people stand around a tree trunk trying to nail nails into it while getting drunk (någln) for reference:
“Those who have traveled to other European countries”
I would love to hook your boss up with some consultants that can evaluate that inefficiency.
One truck can suddenly spend at least 3 times longer on the road without having mandatory pause times.
Still hoping some party will eventually have a look the general topic, after this when one can have a reasonable discussion about it:
fermented milk drink from Russia.
Nothing simpler then adding the link into a database which blocks it on my site
Danish: A bit less
I personaly would prefer some more heavy measures to be honest
Imagine a point when those soulless programs annoy the hell out of you
Is the article for "Tür" wrong on purpose
Well clearly it is cheaper to pay lobbyists to make sure nothing changes :-)
> When an Austrian says Schnitzel it's breaded
Of my direct four neighbours one are a croat couple another a mixed austrian/serb one
I'm convinced the reason kurz is so hated by so many people is because he has still not made it legal to execute everyone being caught consuming, distributing or producing schnitzel with sauce without trial
But the rest of the country IS a backwards hellhole xD
Well, there's another German speaking country between you
What I meant is that, self defense is a viable reason to get a gun (for the general population)
Oh, that's going to be expensive unless you buy your food in the supermarket and cook at home/in the hotel/hostel.
So what kind of European would I be not to say that it's worst in Austria.
They did not say that those that did it weren't Germans
From what I know German federal states are all pretty different, especially Bavaria because even Austrians often think it‘s more Austrian than German (mindset, tradition clothing, dialect, etc etc), so I thought maybe you could identify with other states
Drunk attacking our own army
Been there, done that
Linz does Steel - VOEST and is also a important harbour
A trockenes Fleischlaberlsemmerl
I straight on died of laughter watching this
So, following this logic:
Uk continues to fuck itself
Wow, now I hate Haider as much as the next rational guy, but wishing death on someone or rejoicing in their death is a little over the top.
I was gonna comment excactly that
no that's bork
Of course my father was really excited and the reason why we stopped there in the first place.
Arguably one of the most famous and amazing artists coming out of Austria in that field:
They think they speak *the correct German.
Tbh, I've never had that issue.
No amount of virtue signaling will change it.
I'd be interested what that means in a per capita way
Is it a common thing to swim from denmark to sweden
The fear of these groups is that the Muslim population, through uncontrolled immigration and higher average births, will "replace" the native population, or at least will become a majority.
It's just called Apfelsaft g'spritzt
I think it's a cultural thing...
I started maybe 5 years ago with a game called garry's mod and made some friends there with whom I still play games everyday.
Their party leader is also a selfdeclared "citizen's chancellor" and there's literally nothing anyone can do to make him stop.
No one will even notice who they are.
Until then you basically had to know which word you write with a double "ss" and which one with a sharp "s". Then they made it simpler: If "ss", the vocal before is spoken short; if "ß", the vocal beforebis long
> a minor controversity because the minister of Justice was born in former Yugoslavia
At least the UK has to be involved because of this:
I mean it couldn't possibly be the negative impact some of the Dodd Franck Act titles have:
After doeing something sweaty or once per day
The first ones are pretty common everywhere in Austria, but Italian trucks are, afaik, pretty limited to my area, which is the main transit route from Germany to Italy.
From the guys that brought you 'intestines in a sheeps stomach' and 'deep fried frozen pizza' comes:
I wouldn't trust the British with any European data.
But just one sanity check before with a simple calculator would already be enough to decide to not try that in practice.
Schraubn or Schraufn in Carinthia
Vienna “ Wannabe Standard German” there is no way you can count yourself as Austrian after that
I did learn my lesson though (later in life)
Wow you really showed me there.
Sooo something like [that
Loss di schmeckn, du geiles Fickschnitzel
It has just my name so it's not like it's inappropriate to use, but what annoys me very much is the GMX Newsletter you get every couple of weeks and that they build in ads that look like like new mails in your inbox
Chippies will generally fry about anything you bring to them as far as I know
I've hoarded soil, pots, plants and seeds to keep me occupied
After Brexit and Trump, it's nice to see even a small victory over populism
On this day, the Austrian Armed Forces have a "Show of Capabilities" on 'Heroes Square', the largest square in the capital Vienna.
Scandinavia are Sweden, Norway, Denmark
Yes, both go in the fridge
I personally consider the last option you speak about most realistic
Okay but what about Rita Barbera
But generally, Levantine cuisine has some great shit
Can you be proud about your son doing his first steps?
Our former Secretary of Interior said that he wants to concentrate Asylum Seekers in camps
i wonder how is it with kids nowadays if they understand Czech since our countries are a bit distant now
Ah okay
But in my opinion, American gun culture has become very toxic
Schlieffen Plan
I mean I am aware that Austria wasn't opposed to the idea of the Anschluss at all, but there was a lot of hesitation, especially within the SocDem's.
Isn't it clarified butter (Butterschmalz) and not lard (Schweineschmalz)?
Well you can't say the costumes of Südtirol are Italian, they've existed long before it was given to Italy when Südtirol was still one with Nordtirol.
Haha, we do speak, or, at the very least, mumble
The only other language my parents knew was english so they used that
Sure did
If you recognize the PRC's claim over Tibet, then yes, he is - or rather will be - a Chinese historical figure
It's a very famous book for children in Austria
I mean thats pretty bad but Switzerland, which does not view the PKK as a terrorist organization, and is not EU!
Isn't “reppuli” dangerously close to “ripuli”?
I think that's not uncommon
Ahh yes and nothing ever happened to the Armenians;)
From a purely abstract standpoint I am also against the banning of any political idea but then again reality has a tendency to not to be abstract.
Counting /de to be Germany is wrong either way since it is for germany/austria/switzerland combined.
Even at the most upscale places it's usually under €4-5
wait, where is the planica song, he was >200
Some people here really hate Germans
They pay no taxes and they are horrible for workers
Thal (German old word for Valley; birth place of Arnold Shwarzenegger)
I prefere the italian ones tbh.
because i always forget the second "d" in it
So countries with mixed ethnicity where quite normal back at that time and some of them like Belgium still exist to this day
Wiener ("Viennese") sausages are only called so outside of Austria
There are also personalities like **Friedrich Hundertwasser** many people have heard of but by far not everyone
Fun fact: Aserejé is actually a dadaist/phonetic "cover" of the the first line of Sugar Hill Gang's [Rapper's Delight]
Did you have that as well
"Good morning Europe" - a Russian dude
people thinking that Austria with its 1000 year long history, that clearely seperated itself from Germany after the Austro-Prussian war both in culture and language would just be a part of modern days Germany
welcome to austria
Well the cheaper white wines at Discounters cost about € 2.70 per Liter.
There were some that fully supported all parts, some did not know the full extent or tried to keep out of it and turned a blind eye and there were of course also some who openly critized or worked against the Nazis
He did win with a much greater lead this time around though, so that's reassuring :)
That still leaves the quermstion of what you expect Germans to do,what do you mean by carrying the burden
Where are you from again
I still haven't recovered from those financial losses
My uncles father walked home from Stalingrad
Agreed, it's awful and tragic and just horrific how the war, both of them, really, scarred entire generations for life
because you have 6 gorillion kebab shops in europe
"? Sounds kinda complicated instead of "lass uns". :)
While Slovenia can rely on other Balkan migrants Serbia for example bleeds human capital as many educated and learned professionals from craftsmen to doctors are leaving the country for Germany or other greener pastures
Well the alliance lasted longer than Dollfuss
People wanted him as an example that people can change in prison and become successful and worthy members of the society again
If you think this is a right wing position (that I don't want more redistribution) then please open a history book and compare actual numbers, laws, etc
And I'm looking forward to you guys coming!
both should sit in prision
We learn about the different institutions of the EU in the Gymnasium, when students are between 14 and 18 Years old
Kid went out on her own (with her friends, but without adults) since she was around 9 or 10
(For this sentence exclamation is about the same thing as a normal sentence so yeah
I figure it must be pretty hard to live in a country if you don't speak the language
Heard only very positive things from them
Telling you that you won’t get preferential treatment ?
i really don't get why everybody is so willing to give up complete privacy
>proper German you'd say "in Urlaub"
On a regular morning the entire bridge all of a sudden collapsed due to a structural failure
But we all are like "nah Austrians aren't generous at all".
So a dude is leading
We don't really have Spanish/Mexican cuisine in Austria.
I try to avoid them since I'm not a fucking billboard and don't see why I should even pay more to be one
references to industrial places or nature things that don't exist anymore
A smooth criminal
And at the other hand I am also sceptical of NATO because it fits so brilliantly in this Cold War mindset, which tells me that Russia is a threat that has to be feared.
I have never heard an Austrian referring to a condom as a Pariser, which is why I said, that it only means those two other things mainly
Scotland: if i only had one alcoholic drink for the rest of my life it would be your singlemalt whisky
In the same vein, Bohemia and Vorarlberg are two separate things.
Dietrich of Bern, as a mythical version of Theodoric the Great, has more tights to northern Italy and the Huns
Of course ️
Austria - Tirol
Is this Duc_de_Richelieu guy even Austrian?
Some statistics, why we don't need to be scared:
Funny enough, we have such a person as well, he writes books though and is called Bastian Sick, also lots of wrong claims and explanations but people are so into him
You do that, by buying a share at a lower price than you sell it
Maybe Austria was not the worst?
try and make it into a game of "guess which country they're from" next time; you'll find that the obnoxious ones are from china most of the time, while japanese tour groups are super polite and aware of their surroundings at best and kind of cute at worst.
Especially when we talk about something like a reconstruction of and narrative about historical events
But I don't see a difference in that regard between a Samsung phone or an iPhone
It's interesting how most areas of Europe improved.
> Also in Vienna in particular its one of the cheapest ways to eat out while still getting a taste of the hearty Austrian cuisine
Even when the Irish cross, many tourists still won't move.
They could test the waters in Prague or maybe even Budweis (not too far from the home base in Linz), and then expand to Brno
WTF
I honestly would be scared for humanity if we gave up writing by hand just because for the past ten years Apple has been selling us tablets
The name comes probably from Celtic *Vedunia* = "forest brook", and refers to the river Wien
Jahrhunderts muss funktionieren
I referred to the colors in the picture.
Even in the current EU, this bloc would have significant influence
Edit: Typo
The Problems start when the stem cells start to accumulate mutations or other stuff.
Consumers should know that a part of the money they pay goes to the credit card company
Without those factors, people become criminal
Talking about him is kind of a taboo topic in the family but sometime they talk about him a little
sold SK-105's and Pinzgauers to the middle east as well as organise the Austrian tank crews to go train up the Iraqi's etc
I suppose it's only a problem for classic suburbia or in big car dependent cities
I can already hear it in my mind though how it would sound in a more North German, tight /u/, lenis /k/ accent
And they used the opportunity to rob the nation blind.
Even while that was partly true, Hitler went out of his way to become "German", not "Austria". When WW1 startet, he refused to join the austrian army but volunteered for the German army instead, automatically loosing his Austrian citizenship in 1914
I've never heard anyone else mention Van Canto before
If you look at it like that it was an extreme feat but not unexpected
Wages are only one part of financial situation
) by the  other furniture companies like Möbelix, Mömax, XXLutz, etc
U.S. cities are not build specifically with cars in mind, but with large single-family homes in mind
But I purposefully changed my r's and n's because they looked like v and u, respectively
Come on, you can do better than just keeping Alsace
Note that this is sitting on top of a regular road bed where the cost is not included in this project.
Also, don't take those horse carriages
I’m from Tyrol, we are not remote at all
Doesn't change the fact though that almost no gun associated crime is committed by legal gun owners.
the only genocide against russians was perpetrated by nazis and soviets.
elevation of Austria is also 910m.
Well in the voting booth in my town there were no curtains or anything and the SA stood inside the room with guns.
Could this finally mean it's Taco Time in Europe?
But I do think that they made choices that are in conflict with the policies of the EU and as such the EU will have to find a way to deal with those choices
Wanderlust literally is the to experience the joy of hiking, so I don't feel like the two are describing the same concept
Spanish for Irish makes sense, since most young Irish native speaker probably also know English pretty well
And tbh, you kinda have to do it when you're a tourist
Feel ya
Ooh I hope you‘ll be happy here, or at least happier than you were before
Passports have it too, was kinda funny when I had my height listed when I got my first passport as a kid and then kinda outgrew that number
Is it so strange that when NK wants a ski lift, they get an well-known ski lift company to do it
Smth
Wennst vor jedem Stern einen doppelten Absatz machen würdest, hättst eine wunderschöne Liste
Most people realize it's not that simple and that most people are not dicks
They even had the "honor" of getting an article in a major newspaper:
Don't bother
As a rural Austrian I am offended
But it‘s not as overwhelming as US politics often are
Lol
I live in Kärnten,Villach and have never notices a bad road in my life
A Krapfen (very similar to a Berliner), filled with jam but then also with a slice of meatloaf in the middle
Imho that was weird but some names sound funny at the first time but they didn't translated it literally and sometimes it sounded really like a medieval German place and sometimes odd
Press F for all of our sad Schnitzel brothers
I mean the Austrofascists were invaded but the population was very much in favour of the Nazis.
Yeah, I saw after I replied
I think my accent isn't all that noticeable
thanks for the response, though
I accidently deleted my post, here is an album of my visit in an openair museum for Austrian rural architecture:
It's really not hard
**Leberknödel (Liverdumplings)**
Don’t get me wrong - but you are basically say that the UK for example made its choice (Brexit) and the EU should just continue as before and if they change anything in the relations with the UK that’s nationalism and jingoism
I would say Slovenia -> sea access :D
i never heard that non citiziens weren't allowed to demonstrate, that sounds really strange to me, source?
They really placed a cable through the ocean just for a couple of shepherds
Currently I don't travel by train because it's so expensive
Edit: [Kärntner Kasnudeln] are similar, but filled with quark
Pretty popular
This kind of deliberate lying can't be just ignored
Vorarlberg was under Austrian rule for over 600 years.
* [Schloss Schönbrunn] - A really beautiful castle and former summer residence of the Habsburg family
Austria uses "Sackerl" for the same thing Swiss use "Säckli", so it's really not that difficult to understand ;)
anyway, I don't really get whats the big deal about paying 50 cents to keep the place clean and junkie free
here the use of the currency symbol is standardized in an ÖNORM, it is to be treated as a replacement of the word, so it goes behind the number and with spaces: 1,55 €
Then there is the heraldic emblem of the federal state the district belongs to
For private calls in Austria most people answer the phone by saying their family name
And you think people have nothing else to do
In Austria US-style fraternities may not be as common, because people don't live on campus or near the university as much.
Other than that maybe [Almdudler]
Huh someone here is following Austrian satire :D
although looking at my old house it would have won the node lotto (as much as 1 can being on FTTN)
The British have the same IP-Box regime in place, therefore I don't pity them one bit for coming up short on taxes.
This is more important to us than you think
Later they also occupied Ljubljana.
Nowadays we mostly hang back and don't really do much politically outside of hosting international organizations or treaties
> Any truth should stand any discussion or opposition
Imports: Beethoven
Eat alone with confidence
I don't like Schnitzel or beer or Red Bull
Anybody know on who that name is based on
I don't mean ladyfingers artfully dunked into coffee and slathered with mascarpone
and sometimes, there's just no single word to easily express the same nuance, or it does, but gives a different *feeling*. words like *cringe* or *awkward* come to mind, anybody else can think of more of those
Daytime drinking, and events that dress up as cultural or national holidays or festivals so everyone is fine to daytime drink
New York - Albany, California - Sacramento, Texas - Houston (???), Washington - Washington DC
> Why
I suspect my department lead came up with that, afterall he lead the IT department in a big brewery before
Oh, I'm not bothered
I just now found out that Dora The Explorer teaches kids Spanish in the original (through this comment section xD) - it teaches English in Germany and Austria too
I am the only one of my friends having an iPhone and I am kind of getting teased about it bc at least on the countryside it‘s somehow considered as a phone for
It was a funny idea, the only problem was that when I was there, the stream was not working, instead I biked there to see the blue screen of death...
(I'm not implying that it isn't, I've just never heard about it before) since it has been mentioned twice in this post I'm really surprised.
So basically you were 3 immigrants in a foreign country and one of you got upset over being called an immigrant
Picking some underdogs here (esp
Things never happen and the politicians really fear all sorts of change.
Reasons not to date Romanian women : They might impale you ass first if you wrong them
Yes
The 215bn were not lost
On the bright side, apart from knowing German, you have no admission requirements whatsoever here
Just reducing it to immigration is a little simplistic I think; also van der Bellen is not really pro-immigration while Hofer is definitely anti
We had school-done skiing weeks
Since i moved from eggenberg/wetzelsdorf to jakomini, i can see its beauty
I honestly couldn't say what the economically, socially and culturally best thing would be, but I can say that they definitely deserve another referendum with this historic decision in the picture.
Now the reason for this risk is economic mainly - as such countries like Croatia and Poland will soon be included into the ESTA program (they have a refusal rate of around 5%) while Bulgaria and Romania have around 11-15%
Rondo alla turka (Turkish March, Türkischer Marsch) from Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart
Don't stand on the left of an escalator
Leopold Musuem
> What the blazes is going on
* Palfinger is one of the biggest makers of truck cranes
Austrians can definitely go crazy about skiing
A working knowledge should be required
The only kids that are older and in state care are those with severe behavioral issues.
To those who don't know: they are an acapella (drums are usually the only instrument) with a bunch of original songs as well as great covers of classics
So, there seems to be some interest in doing a meetup in Vienna.
Google is working on Austria
Say it has something to do with the gas attacks in WW1
Just that I wanted to buy a few US ETFs and my orders got cancelled.
They just haven't fucking been able to get quarantine working
> if any cattle end up chasing us we should be fine
With the similarity to the German word "Knödel" or in Austrian dialect even "Knedl" I would be shocked if they were much different
That "attack" where some people outside of the embassy were loud, but didn't even enter the embassy
That aint right
The interesting thing is that everyone could buy one in this year without having to pay taxes for it
I'm from the northern hemisphere, not the southern one
It was planned to raze tthe whole fortress with the clock tower, but the people of Graz paid a ransom/bribe that the tower would be left alone
How is life there apart from the weed
I just added to your sentiment that gun ownership rate and gun crime don‘t necessarily relate
and if you call the sauce "Tunke" prepare to be publicly executed
As I never disputed the claims I don't see why.
After the second world war Austria lost almost 90% of its Area and more than 80% of it's population
Certain things like pharmaceutical products or tobacco products can't be imported at all.
If you are in an area that isn't a typical tourist region you shouldn't even be german if you don't want that everyone makes fun of you
Graz has many but the most popular should be its clock tower
Musikverein
But if you eat less and still keep up the same low-nutrition food, you are going to run into trouble at some point
Then the Romans came and built a military castrum, took the Celtic name, and "latinized" it by just using a similar sounding Latin word instead, i.e. *lynx, lynces* (like the big cat)
Tintenkiller (='ink killer') is used here for a pen eraser
* Ä, Ö and Ü aren‘t letters of their own (In languages like finnish and estonian they are)
then the speed thing is, what this graph was about and what grinds my gears
We learn both Austrian Standard German and German Standard German in school
Wo hast du den Satz gehört, u/Schwertritter ?
I have such a sticker and it works like a charm - I also put self-made "Bitte keine Werbung" notes on other peoples post boxes while looking after their plants and post box and even those worked fine.
But it is what it is
No, she actually did choose the thug life, she wanted this job
Why do you do a documentation about it then?
In Vienna, we get our tap water directly from springs in the alps
Edit: apparently it happens more often than I expected but hardly anybody talks about it
Now they are mixing them so their water has normalised
They're sound, when you think about it
Lets see how the parliament likes that
Well not dry as a desert, but Schnitzel usually should be juicy enough without liquid on top of it
There's an awful lot of traffic for that early in the morning
There's a village called [Fucking]
Maybe from a modern point of view but during and after the occupation he was surely not seen in a positive light
imagine you have a restaurant next to the Eiffel tower and you allow tourists to use your toilet for free - congrats, you're now running a toilet, not a restaurant
Switzerland, Liechtenstein, South Tyrol and Bavaria
That is not an excuse for doing stupid things
Especially the more technological affinity the people judging you have (looking at you, HTLs)
Neither caffeine nor aspartame are exceptionally harmful
It just has a 'wrong' feeling to it (assuming you're not far right)
Passport check with stamps on date if it, occasionally they search a car if there is something fishy.
For the low-tier experience that this is, you pay way too much
People got relatively creative, one of my favourites was a poster with an added red nose and the tag "WARNING: Horror clowns on the loose!"
The local food (just 15 min walk from the center) was indeed cheap and delicious
"Ich laufe zur Bibliothek" --> my first reaction is to think of a burning library or something
Check out Austria and Czechia
Like 10 different types of milk, 200 different types of cereal, etc etc
Which was to be expected after Maidan
IIRC there were some vandalism edits on his wikipedia page shortly before they announced the ban, including the cockroach one
Or the plastic covers for notebooks
City-like
In German it is "Die Sonne"(female,the sun) and "Der Mond"(male, the moon)
Fun fact about that second shot: It came from one of the biggest Austrian war ships in the Danube fleet, and was fired onto the city of Belgrad
The inner city was completely full of British tourists vomiting and fighting
However I did mention Speck und Grammelknödel
I guess a good example would be a group project, where one does the majority of the work
Mainly because I've got great memories of playing it back in the 80's on my Amiga 1000.
And overrun by Austrian tourists drinking cheap beer, and full of ugly souvenir shops
I just want to add that we don't have these fierce debates in colleges in Europe (that I know of).
It always happens
The refugee crisis is 100% Americas fault.
I will keep it in mind next time i visit
>:-(
And vice versa
I mostly use the german names because I absolutely butcher the names in their native language.
That's the age old enthnicity vs nationality question, I'm neither but half Irish so it's always the question, am I Austrian because I was born and raised here
Like directly next to - or rather on - a ski slope
may i ask what you hate about it
47% voted against it
Nope
(Is Neusiedlersee underrated btw
Good - but why even put on screen then
I know a lot of people who love it but let's be honest that's just gross
I love how every actual Italian restaurant that is run by actual Italians in Vienna is always full of Italians, most of which are tourists
In Austria it is mainly Vienna+surrounding areas which plays French vs
It‘s an experience in itself
I mean, why not
Also the oldest flag that is supposedly the result of some king or prince or dude getting blood all over him, except for the part where his belt was, and when he removed it, the flag was born.
The space shuttle was also intended to be cheaper to maintain than expendable rockets and ended up more expensive to launch than a Saturn V.
The German language likes to makes nouns connecting their purpose with "Zeug" (thing)
I really hope what you are saying is true!
Whatever: Stay wherever you are right now.
Defined punchlines in youth culture in Vienna for years
... too soon
" / "This goes past my ass
As far as I know Ostmark was only used by the nazis as an attempt to weaken the Austrian national identity
you can do both, in Austria these schools go from grade 9 to 13 and it's a good introduction for STEM-fields.
Especially in Burgenland, which is the south eastern state of Austria and also the „poorest“ state in all of Austria
Well it was used as crematory in darker times, so may he is onto something
I never claimed otherwise, I only pointed out that the didn't
Oh, no wait
This situation should be solvable reasonably fast and easy, since the Austrian constitution is fairly well made
Raping a passed out women and holding a struggling women down while you rape her are not the same thing.
So einfach kann man Resourcenkonflikte lösen
Handy means mobile phone in german
Either some Handke stuff if you want to feel both cultured and sad, or one of the "Detective Brenner" movies (Das ewige Leben, Knochenmann, Silentium, Komm süßer Tod; good luck finding them with good subtitles)
I always had a fun second car that was a weekend toy in America
Here in Austria both are pronounced literally the same
How about you take proper ownership of the subsidiarity principle?
>Before that Austria was just one of many German states and pretty much all Austrians considered themselves Germans
My granny is an Austrian tourist claiming the best pool spot at 6:30am
Working *for* the people she represents, fuck, why does this have to feel so surprising
Because when confronted with the forces of high alpine nature, we are all equal, and in a possible emergency situation there's no time for formalities
Hofer already admitted defeat
McDonald’s is considerably better in Austria though
When I look up british cuisine it's mostly minor variations of basic stuff you'll find almost everywhere
Idk how it's written
The loudest advocate for it was arguably [Springer Science+Business Media]
So instead of
Or if I go down the other side of the family, a farmer
IMO it sounds ok when a big orchestra plays it, but if you don't have that bandwith of instruments it's just horrible
Do you believe in one or more god(s)?
It's like when you have debts with your friend, find 20€ in your pocket and go for a steak dinner.
It was really funny moment as he had portraid himself as a laid back bohemian up until then
You mean like Belgium did with Albert and now Philippe?
I still don't like the City
The only annoying people are some German tourists
You would have to change a running system.
Also nationalism as we understand it today is a relatively new concept
Are there any official communication channels from the EU commission, that give details about what that deal will most likely include, or what has been negotiated so far
But you're still right, it is far apart, but more in the sense that the heaviest dialects can be found in "remote" places
Vienna also was founded as a Roman city, so when digging in the city center they regularly find remains
Given that the company is actually named after Nike then a German, who were to read the company name as any other German word would actually be closer to the [actual pronunciation] of the ancient Greek goddess than any American or British
It's also not clear whether the figures are accurate, as the US has not been administering as many tests as other countries
They may not sell it to them neither gift it
I think it is hardly possible to (re-)group countries together.
Vilket - What (what fine weather we have today) / German: Welch / Welches
Gotta love our neighbors
lol, the fact that you frame it as "Brexit won" gives such great insight into what politics in the US have devolved into
I don't quite understand the three days in Bratislava, but whatever.
The ID costs the same as the passport and most people don't see the point in having both
Vienna at the Donau
Hardly a surprise :)
Not the strangest but propably the best
The second image depicts an elementary school class from the Netherlands (not Sweden).
I am sure the british had many "valuable military" targets in the middle of a city to use that kind of bomb...
With those shitty oven-ready pizzas, sure, I'll slather whatever shit I can find in my fridge on those bad boys
Austro-Bavarian has some surprising similarites to English sometimes
Nope, after the second delivery attempt if no one is home we get a yellow letter or an e-mail informing us where to get the package and by showing the letter at the counter we get our package
A lake instead of Luxembourg which reaches to Switzerland
Ulaanbataar's Stalinist Brutalism architecture is famous
Plus most of the other things from German-speaking countries mentioned here
thing which from an Austrian perspective was mostly the supreme court deciding that their friend's son should become president although he lost the election
Is that a good thing though
So it is a fun mix
I.e. dogwhistles
We learn about the different institutions of the EU in the Gymnasium, when students are between 14 and 18 Years old
Ofc there‘s Smartphone or Telefon (telephone), but Handy is the most used (aka used by everyone)
Used to be a real [blob] lol
If I remeber correctly there is also a chase through some backyards and alleyways etc and they look so American
The German dubbing is excellent and I'd say >90% of the original is preserved.
Oh, you are not a commoner anymore ;)
Reagan was an awful human being in and out
I usually use travel time as a way to kinda go cold turkey from wasting time on the internet.
Call them our bigger step-cousin and we are down ;D
Although Austria was always somehow split regarding conservatism
The death if the public figure itself wasn't unique to my country, nor was the program that was interrupted for it
I don't know anything about the Yugoslav wars although this happened only 20 years ago
despite Brexit *and Snooper's charter*.
övp and fpö will have about the same % and will form the next government
My mother is teaching in middle school and they will close down completly
Not letting that guy get into art school, twice
It could be a system like in USA with the national guards.
If they're not hungry at the moment they most probably will be in a couple of hours, so they will accept the food no matter what
No islamic terrorist used legal weapons, neither before or after the magazine ban
- I code-switch a lot between a deep Upper Austrian dialect, Viennese, Austrian Standard German and anything in between
2% of an entire continent controlled by one person.
It is way too expensive for sites like Imgur to either manually or automatically review every single one of their uploads for any copyright infringements
It also derives from Celtic and means "white settlement" or "white soil" or "property of a man named Vindos", and probably originally referred to some kind of manor of a Celtic noble
Nikolaus and his sidekick, the evil Krampus
Slovenia would give Austria and Hungary sea access, and Croatia some additional coast
>	She gets about 1 week more vacation per year than I do
Take the invasion of Crimea for example.
**The thorns cut his eyes out, and he is henceforth blind**. He somehow roams through the world for years, blind, and full of sorrow
But there's only so much discussion to be had about tolerating religious practices from culturally distant parts of the world.
I didn't want to take Mozart because I'm sick of all the discussions online.
I'm saying if we could get some of those socialist apartment fortresses of yours to get the rents to lower then we'd be happy to take them.
My wife's grandfather spent the last month in intensive care
You‘re absolutely right that I live in an extremely right wing environment, and believe me, I hate it with my whole being
Dude, are that
Because Americans ask all the time what we think about them.
In reality it is estimated that "only" about 60-80% of Austrians probably were in favor of Anschluss at that time, while probably around 30% where actual supporters of the NSDAP
Exactly
I think it's because it reminds us of our bad classmates who it always took 10 minutes to finish reading one paragraph aloud
But it was never used for enetgy production
Eastrick or Austrick
IIRC Slovenia's economy is among the fastest growing economies in the EU
Have they ever existed
Yes, snuggle up to a LGBTQ hating, racist dictator, what an amazing chance for the west.
even the not so rare offer is very good, I pay double that amount for 75/7,5
Kinda like in India
And St
No problem, you deserve it <33
I talked to many people from European and Asian regions - I understand them all to the same extend
Meanwhile, the entire camp awoke to the sound of battle; rather than waiting to see what the situation was, everyone fled
Roman law was pan european more or less.
nope, not at all, since people would probably recognize your accent anyway
I don't know why one should veer into another lane
I actually like them a bit softer than al dente - but you have to have good quality pasta so it is not mushy (but I know you wrote you like it that way)
It‘s special because in summer the ice from the Hochschwab Mountains which surrounds it melts and fills the lake and it reaches it‘s maximum depth of 12m (39 ft)
Have you seen Goran Visnjic in "Santa Clarita Diet"? When he spoke serbian it sounded so damn badass that my panties flew off
Finally we are good at something!!!!
people used to call them Tante (aunt), same as with kindergarten teachers
Every country had rules about the quality of cucumbers before that, the EU just unified those rules to be the same for the whole EU, making it easier and more efficient to trade
The funny thing is that most prussians did never see much of austria except maybe vienna and so claim that we are almost the same
At least where I live most people don't give a fuck
Which means for a small country like Austria: 2-4 weeks of major attention by foreign German-speaking media, and 2-3 articles each in foreign-lanuage media
It's Geraeuschemission tho
We say that "Katzen schnurren" (Cats purr), but we don't have a word or sound for the purring itself, as far as I'm aware of
This way you can increase your picture efficiency and have even more pictures in your apartment
The Spainfrancegermanypolandlithuanian Commonwealth
There's one in linz
yes but you need a registered business to shop there, or know someone who has one
And therefore I don't know anybody who thinks cooking is an important and basic life skill
But their actions neither define me as a person, nor do they represent the modern day progressive country I live in
You are talking like Schaeuble's mouthpiece.
>In a nice reversal of the usual design theirs are white numbers on a black background
As I said, I know the legal things, but again, that's how I feel about it, since that was OPs question.
heads of state that don't have a presidential system (like US, France, since recently Turkey) could *all* be translated as "prime minister"
How else will they makr the new soylent greens beer
Prince William is and nobody else.
As far as I know, that's not a requirement in Austria
What's not hard to explain is that every politician from the party Andreas Hofer is in is either a current or former member of a Burschenschaft
> shit where there's some audio guide I often find the English recording speaks really slowly
