Again i have made quite clear in my comments that we have to distinguish between the "old muslim migration" and the contemporary wave.
I mean it's like saying The Bulgarian Republic instead of Bulgaria or The Slovenian Republic instead of Slovenia
I don't think we have anything close to dumplings
The UK is too densely populated for them not to hit something each time one passes through.
Every haematology cabinet, gynecologist practice, GP and sexology practice has brouchures and information about it
But granted, it's only for modern surviving cultures
They had around 23 million Bulgarian levas (or 11
Hmm...Dacia has a good presence in the Balkans.
The EU office is giving more benefits
They got very cold/reserved attitude, things change after having couple of drinks.
Luda po tebe is definitely on the same level as Neshto netipichno, it’s an evengreen
Well, it could be the small-country-overwhelmed-by-huge-amount-of-tourists-from-bigger-different-place complex
China, Iran, Syria, Libya, Sierra Leone, Lebanon, Tunisia, Kyrgyzstan, Turkey, Rwanda, Kenya, Somalia, Morocco, Egypt, Tajikistan, Turkmenistan and even god damn North Korea
Against: it's never really spoken by the official standards, outside of the news on TV
Wow, I don't know how that happened, I even pulled up a list of colonial powers and copied them here
Yup, went to an international mathematics competition a few years ago in Korea and we were regarded as one of the top in the world, these results are skewed
There were a couple of possible courses of action:
You shouldn't judge by the numbers but by what information and stuff they are trying to hide
Then go make one, ya' lazy bastard
Gypsies
Nobody asked about your opinion on Lord Protector Trump.
Gypsies in general
This is NOT the way
What you see when you visit a country (the buildings, infrastructure, etc.) was not accomplished in a year - it's the result of many years of economic activity.
Denmark most likely will follow Britain if the UK gets a good deal.
If you are unfamiliar with what "islamic revival" means, use Google.
Please watch it with subtitles and not dubbed
Literally - again the danm Ls , from my mouth it sound closer to  Litri , Litrali,  something along those lines
However we do have problems with radical imams and muslims that preach and follow Salafi version of their faith.
1- Reducing the parliament from 240 to 120 seats -> deemed not in the scope of regular parliament and as this is the body that authorises the referendum it can't ask questions above it's power.
Hmm, are you assuming that or can you provide facts ?
Everything
Seriously, what can you say for the British that's not true for the United States?
You can't expect me to not speak my mind and act like everything is all roses and sparkles so that I don't upset someone
We are given free money and we *still* fail to manage it properly.
I know people from Western Europe don't like to hear that tho.
Do they have separate departments?
Sad gamer hours
Yeah, they already had quite a lot of disagreements within the bloc, so it has split up between the original RB and New Republic.
Do that with every uni you choose, since it varies between countries.
I'm wishing the best of luck to our neighbours
Gypsies are stuck in those too for centuries, but they don't commit mass murder on a regular basis.
Ye, the country that bans words.
Istanbul - I miss Istanbul - the people, the little streets, the feeling to be lost in the crowd, the food
The problem with such situations is when domestic industry dies and China jacks up prices because they have a monopoly.
Energy efficiency is so low in Russia
Cheers from Bulgaria's Black Sea coast.
With the UK out of way and not obstructing everything, we might finally be able to get something done.
The title is misleading
The only good monarchs are dead monarchs
On wifi I get about 450-500mbps
in my town theres this guy with an ultra strong subwoofer and you can feel his presence from a mile away even if you cant hear the song
Also you have to check up Graf Ignatiev str
I'm thinking of posting it with some background info in /r/Europe on the 29th.
When Russia and Iran sell oil to Turkey, it will not be priced in USD but in local currencies.
The ONLY law that was passed specifically for rich people was the removal of the "Impôt sur la Fortune", which was scientifically a terrible, terrible tax which did not succeed at transferring money from the rich to the poor
My home town decreased with about 20 000 people in the past 15-20 years
Arab
Even better with a grated cucumber
Yes the US media would have been full of articles, just like the British media.
It is fairly simple to use a material tester and check at what force application a wafer breaks.
Well, there is a huge amount of overlap of all Balkan cuisine, so its pretty hard to rank one over another.
But let's look at Turkey, similar in development and probably more diverse in exports - their currency has plunged 50% in a year, and the worst is still (probably) yet to come
Well there is still a possibility Wilders to get more votes than any of the other political parties.
"Такова" in informal/slang/dialect language it has an infinite amount of meanings
You name it - we approve of it
Most people have their stuff delivered to a delivery company branch office near their home and pick their stuff from there
Bonus female names through the ages: Kera, Keta, Kossara, Maria, Paraskeva
Improve training for the unemployed
Even at 8pm the car said it was 22C outside
You have the most aggressive members in the US, UK, France and then you have more peaceful ones like Germany or the ones in the North and East
Looks suspiciously similar to Veliko Tarnovo
That was part of what I was trying to say
What logic can you give that the victims of the Ottoman aggression in South-Eastern Europe shouldn't hate the empire or view it negatively?
Neither of those governments denies the Holocaust (unlike i.e. the Armenian genocide)
Also I think I would be right in saying that no Bulgarians or Romanians would have morale in fighting Serbs
The simplest explanation is ignorant people, basically
The whole thing has pegan roots.
Now it's overdeveloped, underregulated and pathetic in terms of social infrastructure
It is perfect actually, I love it haha
After all Britons made quite clear foreigners are not welcome in their land.
Lol
However don't start with BG history but human prehistoric history, then the Ancient world etc
That subreddit smells so much of someone paying to simulate activity, that its funny
Mind you i do not live in Bulgaria.
Well in Bulgarian Ne meens no in Greek Ne meens yes
"Bulgarian constant = basically anything which makes your result correct
If I understand you correctly you seem to think, that what France wants, because of some dudes unscientific cherry-picked analysis of older generations, a communist governance
The Šops and Macedonians tend to identify more regionally than most other Bulgarians
Not on EU, but nevertheless this will have profound effects on global politics, climate and what not
It's totally an absurd concept
If they don't drastically reduce their fertility, like right the fuck now, they are fucked big time.
I suppose more drastic measure really are difficult when you don't see eye to eye with Ukraine's government.
So many things haha
No it's logical fallacy
Pyrrhic victory
So a man perfectly equal to you in every other way pays a certain amount less than you and gains an undeserved benefit over you
Now hard Brexit may benefit Germany's financial services and banks, probably France will also gain something.Not sure though hard Brexit is actually that good thing for the rest of the EU countries.
Otherwise there's vitosha if you're into hiking
So you usually don't see random blokes from the street come in to exercise and it is more of a perk to be part of a membership.
**Serbian** I would say 55% to 60%. Written I can understand the meaning almost all the time
Because it's not its primary objective
IDK if Russia counts as European here, but for me it was fear of prosecution
You have always been more pro-Western oriented, both culturally and politically, more Austrian/Hungarian influences and cultural ties with France and Italy, I think.
Kick Orban
, tzatziki, souvlaki, etc
May there be many potatoes upon you
Romanians
Well, thinking is one and knowing is another.
Compared to ottoman times its a fucking golden age indeed.
We're not in Europe as most of these comparisons of Europe countries show, go to the African Bulgaria it's so nice there.
As I understand it they were good friends with Ukraine.
So excuse me, but i say you complain a lot cause the state spoiled you in the last decades.
There's also the old-fought war whether to call peppers "piperka" or "chushka"
We have separate years
Not sure...) during the summer, as a waitresses, for example.
Matronymic names are build with the suffixes -in for males and -ina for females
That person/people can exchange them for something else, and this exchange can continue numerous times - it's called trade and is also pretty much universally accepted, again even by Marxists.
Sweeter and lighter breakfast is the more common one in most warmer European countries.
**Macedonian**, unsurprisingly, I understand 95% to 100%. It's basically the Southwestern Bulgarian dialect, but dialed up to 11 and with special orhography and random Serbian loanwords
He also has said that he'll work with Russia to defeat ISIS in Syria, and when he was asked about Ukraine, he said the people of Crimea would rather be with Russia.
We had a very cold and rainy spring
He's pledged money for schools already way before the protests, it's not possible to do this overnight you know
NSFW
> The possibility of criminalizing “insulting the state or its leaders” is again being discussed at high levels
My office speaks in this weird Bulgaro-Franco-English mix it’s hard sometimes
Oh yeah, that one pushes all the buttons
Your first few days off, your salary is covered by your employer, the rest is covered by insurance
This is EXTREMELY not true and if that's the case in France, you are in a bad need of education reform
Rumen "Anyone but Tsetska" Radev
Linguistically and culturally we're extremely similar
Here in Sofia
* Tsvetoslav(a)
West good east bad for
one of us, one of us, one of us
I agree - they had no problem leaving the EU, or staying in the EU.
If there were big protests everywhere in solidarity with Ukraine and calls for the governments to do something, more would have been done
They went to the language test and it placed them in the C1 course immediately
We have a few of those anticorruption parties.
Obviously the country exists, but because for a big chunk of time in the past it was a part of Bulgaria and it's full of ethnic Bulgarians, the joke is that there's no such thing as a country (North) Macedonia
I didn't know how badly I needed this in my life.
It was common for children to be photographed like this:
90% of the material is useless filler from communist times
It could be overcome, but the price will be significant.
Regarding a specific place, I've heard Zanzibar, bacause it no longer exists as a country like before
Lots of people with "funny" names changed them to fit in and become more anglo-saxon.
Maybe it is time for UK to complete one and become the NK of Europe?
As you can see [here]#/media/File:2014_Gini_Index_World_Map,_income_inequality_distribution_by_country_per_World_Bank.svg) Latvia is much more equal than Russia, which more than makes up for the small difference in the per capita GDP.
"It's a shame my sister got raped but at least I wasn't called a racist."
I don't have much info on the filtering requirements on article 13, but I have not seen any proof or documentation that says it will censor content, or affect memes in any way, besides the echo chamber
* Svetomil(a)
Why
Roasting huge amounts peppers over an open fire, then boiling them in jars
> -Your language is a dialect of Bulgarian
Bulgaria: have one, but don't really need it
I have been living in Scotland for nearly 6 years
At this stage in my life i wish to be independent and only accumulate capital, so taking such risk is not waht i want - which owning part of the company => ergo part of the profits => ergo part of the current, past and future debt, is.
It states that it is left, and it has monopolized the left here, because it is big (it is the heir to the former communist party), but it is certainly not left by any western standards since it is vehemently anti-refugee, anti-gay, pro-Russian and conservative in the meaning that it is nostalgic for the 'good old communist times when everything was so much better'.
I am not saying it is impossible, but I'd assume it is really hard
To be fully honest, I am ashamed by some of the things Borisov says from time to time
No, we just dont understand
You can make a car for the European market and it will also fit in the American
But yet French residents are against them, why, why fear change
I have never even imagined fish stuffed olives
**Serbia** - Food's delicious
Everything was awesome, the music was great and so on
Hello, I say John
in a way, that's more of an 'eastern' leader :)
This simple sentence is what justify the "reforms are wanted" illusion, but that's not the truth : nobody asked for them
I didn't say it was caused by the EU.
So 10 000 000
Personal: As James from TheOdd1sOut would say: I'm bisexual for animals
Here in Sofia
Plus how is he going to do it anyway?
Oh yeah, I remember that signature look of superiority and subtle sense of contempt when you say "We're just looking around
The data showed in the chart is outdated.
There are several major chemical corporations like Solvay or Agfa stationed in Belgium.
No, as far as I know we don't have autonomous regions
And Russians have been the largest ethnic group there since at least WWI, which is longer than many groups in Eastern Europe, the Balkans or the Middle East.
We should just vet people who want to be immigrants, problem isn't liberal people fleeing from Turkey, the problem is the so called "refugees", which we don't vet and which don't bring any value to the countries hosting them, but instead create more problems!!
The respond to Russian actions should be harsh.
I understand that the UK has interest of weakening the EU so it can make separate deals with different countries on the continent - but i don't think it'll happen.
It's actually a huge pain in the ass for builders in my city - if you want to build anything in the city center there's a big possibility that you'll dig up some roman ruins and it'll delay construction time for a couple of years
It's obvious that everyone likes the Kurds the most, both USA and Russia support the Kurds, despite the fact that they're backing opposing sides.
Not everything is plastic, the pan, the kettle ( which is not electric one ) and one jar.
And ended up being memed instead
The service actually stopped accepting packages after the 19th with the last truck leaving then
>(1) Bulgaria shall be a republic with a parliamentary form of government
What are 5 interesting things about your country
And I agree some books require a certain age
Making lyutenitsa in big pans over an open fire
For most of them winter is - hanging out in cafeterias and talking a lot.
TWENTY YEARS "Africans bitching about Chinese neo-colonialism"
The pen bad, macaron good, that's all I know about French politics ¯\\\_(ツ)\_/¯
- Almost all economic and cultural activities take place in Sofia (a bit of it also goes to the aforementioned 3-4 cities)
We're not and we don't. The other thing is, we usually get asked questions about the Yugoslav war or some bullshit about "the powderkeg of Europe". It gets old considering we didn't take any part in the Yugoslav war and haven't been in a war since WW2
* [Sveshtari Thracian tomb] \- another Thracian ruler tomb
I googled ethymology of this word in Russian, "shpargalka", and apparently, it comes from Polish word "szpargał".
There are private healthcare companies as well.
Много ли съжаляваш или малко само?
Im still so mixed on the EU
It's a large country with one not that large (compared to the size of the country) troublesome region.
Romani culture is very opposed to integration, the communists tried so hard and failed
Fan content in general, too
We share a lot of culture, history, music, national heroes, etc
Politically there's only ever two opinions.
Not all Dutch people of course, but this seems to be one of them
calling it now: Brazil 0 - Uganda 4 in 2022
Macedonia also signed a friendship treaty with Bulgaria so Bulgaria helped them with Greece
At least it's better than actually locking his opponents up
If you want to know what the difference is in terms of powers and responsibilities, you need to look up the constitution or some summary of it and you will get an idea
The Ministry of Education said they are prepared to continue virtual schooling as long as possible but are operating under the assumption that schools will open up on 15th Sep as usual
I would use a train to Thessaloniki or Budapest
On the island called Karpathos my job was managing CNC machines.
Here religious types are usually fairly low-profile, except for the church higher-ups, who drive fancy sports cars and flash their rolex watches and gold teeth like some kind of cartoon mafia boss (which they are) and everybody hates them
They get all kinds of wellfare inaccessible to ethnic Bulgarians.
And yes, i did watch the stream today.
That was just a quarterly dip and the year still ended positively.
I cannot believe this just happened
Calling a market comprising 450 million people ( without the UK ) and some of the biggest economies on the globe "a toothless tiger" is delusional.
Obesity is largely the cause of lifestyles, which are determined by culture.
Well, you can see everywhere some projects that look amazing like some stadiums and sports centres, but it takes about centuries and millions of years to be made
* Svetlomir(a)
Nothing wrong with it, completely natural process.
I don't want Americans telling us that people who download movies should be considered criminals, or Saudis forbidding my mother from going in public without a male guardian.
They tried, then some germans came and started crying how inhumane is it not to let immigrants in the EU
They are just trying to protect the rights if EU citizens.
Don't give up your dreams to follow those of someone else
WoW, down-voting this is a bit low for the subeditor.
But you had to return them with interest
The extend of the Swedish destruction in Germany and Poland in the 1630s and 1640s-50s alone outshines all Viking conquests by their ancestors combined, yet people always refer back to the Vikings due to pop-culture history atm and romantization.
Not that dense in some cities
As a Bulgarian what you describe sounds extremely familiar, lol
Look at for example what Turkey is doing despite being  a midget compared to NATO
Any time I've tried discussing it with one of ours it's some daft shit like "Well, Hitler said that after the war there will be only one capital on the Balkans and that will be Sofia
They do not count under Radio Equipment so probably not
Every day on my way to my university, I walk through a park filled with remnants of ancient monuments and columns with all sorts of inscriptions on them
In other words, there must be collective decision of Greek default.
German social security (like healthcare, disability checks, unemployment benefits
Well regardless of what Russia has become, we still have a blood debt to the Russians for freeing us from 500 years of ottoman slavery
As a Bulgarian, fuck Tsar Putin
Slavic languages are notoriously high in mutual intelligibility, so I would say to a large degree
Just watch out if you are speaking polish.
"lol EU standards so low they accept Bulgaria", yeah nothing insulting about that.
7% in 2010 and 3
Oh yes definitely
Romania - we respect the will of the Romanians and I must say you've pushed me to set the bar high when it comes to fighting corruption
though I haven't seen these last names applied often outside of history or religion
The thing is almost everybody loves to travel, but people cant afford or don't have the time to do it as often as the "I love to travel" people.
Third post links of nice little towns or castles.
Or why places like Saudia Arabia, United Arab Emirates or say, Las Vegas, can even exist.
I can't tell if this is sarcasm or not.
The democratic process may be crippled but it is still functioning.
They are 12 judges in total, the other one was sick
Actually Turkey got some fantastic years right after the crisis.
Being a Bulgarian going to Carpathians, I thought I'm just going to see something very similar to Bulgarian mountains as is with most things being almost identical in terms of culture, nature and cities between our countries
Not in a huge multi tonne campervan.
Not the current official Russian alphabet as it is now ofcourse but the general cyrillic alphabet was invented by the Bulgarian literary schools based on the preceding glagolitic alphabet invented by Cyril and Methodius and symbols commonly used in the Greek alphabet
All aggressive actions Russia took in recent years against their neighbors, in Syria and by Russian airforce provoking NATO battle ships have been met with increasing approval by Russian society.
French women should think wise and french men should think twice!
Sorry for that, but my time management still sucks
This shit has been explained many times already so I won't go into it.
I get excited when I hear it every single time and I don't know why
It's a stupid argument because it doesn't address any of my points but simply taunts a difference in culture to every proposed solution or reform, to the point where you said nothing of substance since you don't actually speak for the entire country nor do yo actually represent everyone's feelings
Autocracy is rising in Turkey and Erdogan gets ever more belligerent.
Not exactly the same thing, but in the 90s a satirical show named Ku Ku did a prank about an accident in the Nuclear Power Plant Kozloduy and a lot of people fell for it which led to the show being cancelled
Am triggered
OK, but when talking percentages what does this matter?
Current polling shows him winning the next election as well (by a slim margin)
People don't try to fix the system if they believe it's already fair
This is one of their president's tantrums against the EU
Bulgarians count themselves as Balkan people and culture.
As much as I hate Le Pen this is what Western women should do including those Swedish "feminists".
* маймунка (maymunka) - “small monkey”
Obviously as they think they are better, makes them feeling superior LOL!
Our identities mostly match our national identities, unlike america.
I expect the West to provide aid to Turkey if the stability of the region is in stake.
Damn, one list where we'd be first, and we're not even included :(
I have never EVER eaten cooked cucumber
Yeah I second that
What a myopic shit propaganda regurgitator you are
In my opinion - it'll not lead to any good.
But still a program for sexual education in a school in a bulgarian city got suspended a few days ago because one mother complained about it, even though her kid isn't enrolled in it and even though parents whose kids are actually in the program have nothing against it
Borovets is cool and is kinda close to the capital.
I could be wrong though
|Ivaylo Krumov Asparuhov |Ivaylo, son of Krum of the family of Asparuh |
When you want to eat but your mom is in a hurry/has something else to do/can't give you anything: You ate my ears
The people shall exercise this power directly and through the bodies established by this Constitution
I don't see why EU should invest billions in such business venture.
Now they registered the phrase "Black Friday" in Bulgarian and the people are like "The state is retarded to let them register this phrase"...
I don't remember China bombing countries into oblivion in recent years.
It's a very weird example of a country dying.
It's easily seen in both the US and EU market that when fuel prices go up, people buy more fuel efficient cars
Just wanted to share
That company has made this city paradise for the alcohol enthusiast
Just curious how she's able to stand for election.
Not walking around with a jacket during February would've been like a fairy tale for me before
I think for instance in the 8th (can't remember) grade kids were supposed to start the year with the works of Homer and then move on to Bulgarian medieval literature
It probably also really depends on where you lived in Romania.
Italian, French, English, Greek, Russian, Finnish, Spanish, Serbian
However I have never seen a police officer drawing their gun
present you with a challenge at the same time.
I forget sometimes you have them as a tradition too
Our priests have no concept of tolerating anything but absolute unquestioning subordination from their flock
Where did you read in my post about spreading the wealth evenly?
There should be no restrictions on how a company brands itself or its products.
Oh shit
Because i am absolutely willingly taking a wage out of the profits as opposed to all of the profits i would if i co-owned part of the company i work for, since that would also mean i co-own part of the debt the company has incurred to be created and any future debt it incurs.
Usually they are between 3 and 5 hours one from each other and in any of the three mountains there are things worth seeing.
Sweden is cheaper, less than a 1000 dollars.
Pretty good compared to most jobs in the entire country
If compared what Eastern Europe been thru in the 90s, yours is not crisis.
Cause that's what we've been thru, still we weren't complaining as much as you guys.
I imagine it something like Mount Athos in Greece which is also a safe haven for monks and it is administrated by themselves
Dont't know about the must but these are my favorite.
Greece had and probably still has bloated public sector.
Props to the Ukranian government and to Babchenko
Yep, same here
Unlike the USA which did created its own distinct identity, Canada has no such thing (except for Quebec to some extend) making it much easier for someone to become "canadian".
I am not talking about superiority.
I dont know who QAnon is and honestly from that tweet I really dont wanna know
I agree that NATO members should increase their military spending and start modernizing their armed forces.
Like you guys are ashamed to work in factories and agriculture.
These ideas work everywhere
I haven't really had too much cheese besides string cheese and that orange shredded cheese
Your "people" don't exist and you're just a Polak whose most likely social failure encourages him to look for other identities to feel special.
Exactly
And its currently law in Sweden, introduced explicitly as a result of the rise of the right across the continent and in Sweden itself.
If San Marino joins, it'll have the right of veto over EU decisions.
Now Britain as a smaller country, can adopt metric system at much lower cost.
I like cold, so for me to feel cold it would probably need to be around 0-10 degrees
Idk, here "bate" or "batko" ("big bro") is used as "bro". Like, *puts on glasses* informal communication between two young to middle-aged males of similar social standing
It shows a score of 38 for Turkey when i checked it:
Look at OPs question again
What i meant is buying a house in rural area i find a job in the same area.
Alde is the only bigger party to vote majority against this proposal as well as the greens
Absolutely
You are allowed to keep the pound instead of the euro and London was built to be the financial heart of the EU
Bucharest standing out
Europe has certain ethnic and religious history which puts strains on relations between different kinds of people.
Pretty straightforward
So who's to say Russia won't do it even if it leads to eventual collapse?
You guys are even more xenophobic, how can you complain that we treat you bad!
Good and well-balanced text **from Verhofstadt.**
Your edit doesn't correct your biggest mistake - that the English name is somehow the official one
I use bottled water only for the coffee maker to avoid scale or when I go out and there is no drinking fountain nearby
On international level they will lose a lot.
Yes, you have copied every single argument that we've been hearing in every big media since the '07/'08 crisis, and we've been applying it, result ? It failed
That would be a fun read no doubt.
They were turkic indeed but the didn't really leave any lasting heritage thanks to their low numbers.
If there's no one at the address, most delivery companies just return the package at the warehouse, give the client a call and arange either a new address or new delivery date
So as a result, you never learn to learn as it's all about memorizing the current relevant set of information as a standalone thing briefly, and then never use it again
Sent back like the guy with the truck that killed people in the Christmas bazaar?
&#x200B;
Many children grow with the knowledge they are just as much EU citizens as they are citizens of their country
The Moon is always depicted as a woman
In Bulgaria you have 2 days off for a funeral of a blood related family member, or spouse
He's pissing a pile of shit
What is it supposed to do, ruin itself to the point no one would want to move there
The rose is the national symbol
Nope, my delusional afro-greek, you will soon have to visit using Macedonian denar when you are reconquered by the true sons of Alexander.
Country is farthest from being bankrupt since the creation of Modern Bulgaria
We believe that when we are in the mountain, we are equal, we are not part of the civilisation, in which (in the past) saying hello to the higher-standing people in terms of social postion was obligatory
What's more fucked up is what happens after that
What with the recent elections, that's not happening soon.
Готов или не, аз идвам
Everyone speaks at least a bit of English by now, and if they don't, the language is so easy that they'd pick it up for a couple of months living there.
We also have zero plans to phase out coal outside this GIF
This idea has always been very very weird to me
One of my Macedonian Bulgarian ancestors emigrated to Northeastern Bulgaria, so in a sense it fits
Lol, that's hilarious
I know a lot of people who wanted to study Medicine who took harder Biology and Chemistry classes from 9th grade to get ready for the entrance exams
OK here we go:
Even after the fall of communism with all the chaos and unrest, Russia was a strong state.
Yes, yes, and yes to jokes about stupid superiority over other nations which are in fact at our expense
* [Ancient city of Nesebar] \- a tourist hotspot and coastal resort
That is what I mean, there are large groups of people from Africa and Asia [creating culturally segregated communities for their people within places like France and GB] Such have always been known throughout history as "colonies" or enclaves.
If you have a problem, throw it out of the window
Ah shit yeah, that's right
* [Sveshtari Thracian tomb] \- another Thracian ruler tomb
Meh, Sofia should be yellow maybe
I am ... confused
(same as "Macedonian Greeks" in Thessaloniki for example)
wait you mean you guys were also SHIELDS AGAINST THE MUSLIM HORDES
Well, it's good the Greeks took a stand.
Or the politicians
That really expands the possibilities: Orpheus, Seth, Odrys etc
When we were little we used to go there on the cheshma and we would tell stories about ghosts and we were sure there were *chumavi* (sick with the Plague) ghosts, that still came to this place at sunset to look for their loved ones
Wtf is Brazil doing there lmao
" Yes, your hotel will likely be okay with just English but don't get moody about how the small local pub's staff doesn't speak it, or how the cab driver isn't bilingual, aight
There's no proving to be done either way because the police just won't be allowed to do it.
There are two options when someone aquires an asset, say a factory:
>It is highly unlikely that any of our neighbours would attack us
GERB - center right populists, ruling in the last 11 years, during which country fell to worst ratings for corruption and press freedom, economic growth mostly halted
And last but not least, watch out before the EU break up that UK may split up as Scots ain't happy with hard Brequit.
And now that I googled this Michael Parenti I see that he doesn't have a history degree and most of his books are about the twentieth century (and rather suspect, according to some posts on r/askhistorians as well) . Call me elitist, but I would rather trust historians with good reputation among academics, who specialise in the respective period
As a Russian - England
On a more serous note, religion is really not the main problem.
It is an effective way to dodge EU regulations
Isn't Slovakia more expensive than CZ?
I'll try to be as active as possible
they know what they did
All we can hope for is that a conflict like that doesn't happen ever again
Don't you think that Greek-Cypriots would be better aware of those dangers than yourself?
The entire mid East has half the population of Europe, and those inside Europe alrady have sharply dropping birth rates.
So go back to the Middle East where you belong
Bulgaria and North Macedonia
The healthy trend started some years ago as sport exercises and governments trying to reduce the numbers of smokers.
So none of these countries will oppose a sort of free or loose trade deal with the UK, what they'll pursue is the status of their migrants to UK.
Why did it come out positive in the first place
Well it wasn't that long ago people were claiming Turkey would strong-arm its way into the EU through the threat of unleashing migrants.
Cheap labour and not so high taxes, but it is also a money pit
Our judicial system says that the General Prosecutor of the country is to be elected for a seven-year period by high-standing judicial people like judges and e.t.c There was only one candidate and he is "morally flawed". He was "elected", but our president put a veto on his "election". They did another "election" and he was once again "elected". The democratic choice of the only candidate
But it still works for me
Easy access to buildings for example
People said earthquakes and that mf is listening
Maybe well beyond the edge of sound thinking....
Currently, the intellectual property regime in the west is broken.
Like: Cyprus is Greek, Macedonia is Bulgarian, Kosovo is Serbia, Constantinopol not istanbul
How will Brits react if Brussels warns London about something regarding Scotland?
The structure and order in your country has inspired me to bring some of that here
It's now mostly a joke
FOR THE SECOND YEAR IN A ROW AN INCREASE MORE THAN THAT OF INFLATION
The state can build a giant monument to their hatred for us, we'll just use it for the shade
(our metro also expanding by EU funds)
There definitely are imported groceries, but only some specific products
It's easy to be fooled when you haven't been there (which is the case for all these Americans and Brits)
Half of the migrants in EU are not even from Syria so they are not refugees
- read your comment
If they stay out, they don't have to participate in the common fisheries policy
btw also was surprised by how often I've heard Bulgarian as well
I'm Dutch in Bulgaria and it was really bizarre for me to get used to this Bulgarian thing where people are almost fighting each other to be the most noble person
Did you know that in Netherlands they have this tradition
Bulgarian had contact with the Byzantines, whom we adopted Christianity from.
>Stalin actually had a mental breakdown for a few months after the invasion, he did not issue any orders which led to chaos at the front and only sped up the German advance
It was a watershed moment when a German teacher told us he's not patriotic in like the 8th grade
Why
So yeah that's good results I guess
From 2016 to 2018 our budget surplus has grown by 1 percent per year
I mean Czechia is more "unique", but it sounds awful
Wow, what a story this car has with names
One of my biggest gripes with Bulgarian politics is that there is no individual will amongst the MPs
The Nordics **are not** socialist or even left-leaning in their economical composition - they are fully capitalist, much more so than many European countries, with huge support for big business, corporations (such as low corporate taxes), and any private enterprise.
If not then it's aid, just less ethical or effective as aid might be if you let Mongolia do the project itself
While everybody is losing their shit over the American elections, we actually also had presidential elections + a national referendum on Sunday.
China does  incomparably worse stuff to them and Muslim leaders sing it praises despite China not even being as relevant for their investments as Europe is
This is all you could answer to.
[Nooo, you can't have an opinion] /s
”, leading to me getting acquainted with the Torbinses
The one I feel we should have kept is the Mausoleum
Just not the "genocidal rule the world" kind of evil and more of the "fuck the poor" kind of evil.
Maybe 'boasting'?
How do you know they were nationalists
Employees everywhere yet no one is doing their job or wants to work, might as well not have them
> Romania OK results
And he runs into the same runaway bride - now old and widowed herself - who left him at the altar decades ago
The castle is very famous throughout Europe.
(By far the more popular nowadays)
It is very much what the average voter perceives it to be, and currently voters perceive it to be a corrupt lobbyist machine, incapable of solving any real issues
America First, Bulgaria second!
Not many honorable americans then, the only thing the french get for the revolutionary war is white flag jokes and surrender memes, the spanish and dutch don't even get mentioned.
Bulgarians will start coming back maybe in 15-20 years when the country is more advanced and the wages are similar to Central Europe now
I agree that it's a part of our history but it's largely propagating lies
You of all people shouldn't tell someone how ignorant he is.
I think it's up to three years in jail.
* **Tarnovska Constitution** \- enacted in 1879, after Liberation it was the Constitution that defined Bulgaria as a constitutional monarchy, ruled by a Knyaz (after Independence - Tsar) and with a unicameral Parliament;
Lots of forests though
Sad that the European Union is pushing us to accept backwards people from the third world, yet turn a blind eye to our European brothers and sisters.
Compare that with Northern part.
Inb4 organising contra-protests of a few clearly paid losers to show people actually support the government and presenting them as *thousands* marching..
My hope is just that allthe sociological projections are wrong, and that Cecka is actually going to have an upset and win.
Teresa May has bowed down before Trump-the-Clown, that what it states.
You look like a clown with loose jeans.
This made some historians claim he did nothing but hide before that but new evidence suggests that this is a myth
The typical good cop, bad cop strategy.
Have you ever been somewhere where people are visibly very different to you but speak the same language?
Nobody says Чешка република (Cheshka republika) in everyday speech, it sounds way too official
You sound like you just want to pick a fight for no reason.
you've kind of half way failed.
Καλημέρα
It's the only Serbian channel that was broadcasted here because of the music.
Also, the most expensive watch we found was 1
Several countries have abolished their versions of the tax in recent years, including Austria, Denmark, Germany, The Netherlands, Finland, Sweden and Spain, and Greece
Well some people put flags on their house but its not very common and most people dont care if you have one or not
The Baltic countries for example, which Russia can take in days, have no air force whatsoever.
Can't blame them tbh
I spent 3 months driving around Poland in 2013 (then another 2 month trip a year later).
You need a visa for that now as well.
According to exit polls - around 2%, but it should rise a bit.
The important question though still remains: What is the second experiment?
It's so disgusting
This should be fun
I wear adidas tracksuits
Russian/Russian-funded propaganda, obviously; I hate this.
I come from a region in South-Eastern Bulgaria known for its very soft pronunciation
Much better than the life they would be living in Turkey.
It means "she who prays to God"
It was chosen to be in the centre of the Bulgarian lands but now it’s at their western edge
Стоянка (Stoyanka), that's so 17th century for me
He was minister only for less than 2 years
I just can't come up with a reason.
It's either pronounced as k or s.
You can, it will just be worse than your current position and it will take a long time.
When you talk about politics in Bulgaria, 9 out of 10 times, you hear "I don't follow politics.
I know americans are not good with geography and flags, but I am not dutch.
Is that mayonnaise or cheese
The increase in capital gains
If a foreigner can understand their dispute, he can explain it in a written form and comprehensible way to the rest of the world.
Has any democracy of those eras been any better?
The author is Turkish, it's was a propaganda film.
Since they came here while the native people of those countries were subjugated by the Ottoman Empire and had no control over their own land, now some view them as the ultimate illegal immigrants.
Resisted it, where is my up vote?
Congrats, now you know how the EU works.
I just don't get it
I visited Bucharest last September for work
Lol no, it's already a Bulgarian word since ancient times
Bulgaria was the home of the Thracians, the Thracian hero Spartacus was born in present-day Bulgaria
All but "too much rice" and "half-dose" are usual in Bulgaria
I'll waste a few leva or volunteer for the Slovene army if it comes to fighting the Austrians
There was actually a recent survey by the Cyprus Mail on precisely that question:
Some have it worse than others, but I've seen it almost devolve beyond yelling at each other in public
Also why are you following a dictator who led your country to misery
Yeap, keep Sofia in the Southwest region in Bulgaria, so it can look poor and suck dry all the EU funds
I feel there are other factors in play here, not just corruption.
New attempt from the EU commission to ban specifically AK47 and AR15 families of Firearms - FIREARMS UNITED
"Oh wow, that's like, far away
Considering he'll just be in the netherlands and germany, that seems somewhat beleivable
Their legacy of shipbuilding/naval travel and the influence of norse mythology are far more significant than the overblown fighting prowess.
Bulgaria Holding Presidential Election
What is really interesting is whether Borisov will keep his promise about there being early elections if Tsacheva loses.
In 9th grade you also have to pick a second foreign language and its usually between german/french and spanish.
It guides people to threes that needs felling
Love them pink elephants
Bulgaria is known to have saved its jews in WWII
Masks are obligatory and very widely worn in the Metro, trams, busses or other public transport
Always arguing about which city is the second biggest (Plovdiv always seems to win by a couple of thousand)
When someone in Romania does something stupid, where are the ''Latin'' memes
Of course not
He-wwo Mr Putin uwu
what happened to free speech
Parent's don't know how to do their own jobs as parents
БНТ (Bulgarian national television) has surprisingly kept its prestige even after the fall of communism and now has an array of four channels that feature the news, sporting events, TV show, movies and a lot more - it's pretty good in that regard
So Muslims can't draw the Prophet or God but the Devil is fair game
I'll judge him on his actions as President.
I'd say Plovdiv
I am become bagpipe, destroyer of worlds
The gypsies speak gipsy and broken Bulgarian.
Also the airbags in the cars (which saved a lot of lives) and the first aerial bombardment
Other creepy place is the village Shishentsi, where people don't dare to go out after dark, because they often hear incorporeal screams and drums, which some old people claim are *talasamsko horishte* (a demon's ball)
It is changing with every passing day and it still has a lot of work to do.
All important taxes/tariffs have an effect, no matter how small
*disappointed Bulgarian sigh*
You
Exactly
Some people say Europeans can be a bit obsessed with America
On the bright side, it seems like people who believe this have become a laughing stock and are taken less seriously
Not the pathetic 1000 people - first to gobble up Russian anti-government propaganda and pretend to be "the entire nation"
How is the above data even remotely indicative of being "a shithole"?
I am getting tired of all that Slovenian whining about being or not being part of the Balkan cultural area.
Bit late to the party but most of Balkandji songs perfectly fit your criterua
Why can't i use them and their term - "Socialists", as a dirty, vulgar word, similar to other anti-human rights ideologies like Nazism or Islamism?
Same down here
Sweden neighboring Turkey would be all sorts of hilarious btw
Cyrillic is based predominantly on the Greek alphabet with some augmentations by the Glagolitic alphabet
She was a little girl when WW1 started, lived through it, WW2, Nazis, reunification and now she's watching European states peacefully come together
Plus, Russia never developed a pluralistic political culture.
Yeah - the British and the Americans shift the stress to the end of the word, instead the beginning
So this is going to be massive!
I can't speak for non-language schools but it is staple in every language school and they are fairly common
I once had diner with my friend at 3:30pm
Though that is not uncommon for all of the Balkans
Why would they recognise it but not accept it?
There is a Chrysler in my neighbourhood with a Virginia license plate
Erdogan is essentially a king in Turkey.
Here's a link with eng subs  -  main stuff begins at 1:25
Democracy is simply the rule of the majority - REPUBLICAN rule is the rule of law.
Better for both UK and EU to go on their own separate ways.
That's kind of aesthetic
Remember, there were times when Europe was pretty fascist as well
Here in Bulgaria trains are kinda slow (130km/h on main lines, realistically more like 60-90km/h on most lines, so usually slower than car, about the same speed as a bus, and the rolling stock is quite old (they have recently began to refurbish trains along main routes and adding more conveniences like power outlets and dining cars) but they are also VERY cheap
Greece has more Mediterranean vibes than the rest of the balkans
There are no Russian allies, only foes.
I can see how this can make a scene but how can they force you to pay without beating you up
Yes, this is clearly a direct prerogative and not a vague, wishy-washy line that governments just put and ignore
Yet the same people then what reforms that make France greener,competitive,want higher wages, less tax but more social spending
After the posts defending Sweden from those allegations were allowed to stay i believe it is right to hear the other side in full, not just parrot ridicule of Trump's comments which is really a low hanging fruit.
Or do you mean the 6c eco tax that was well less for the average person than the decrease in house tax
Of course no one should be blamed that this didn't happen
I just hope the damage will not be too great by then.
* Svetomir(a)
The problem is the Turkish president.
The true Mediterranean experience
Sorry if it's a bit ignorant
Can't think of anything like that in our cuisine
I feel like it could be Bulgaria
Well, I started understanding basic English at around 7, 8 and then developed my knowledge through television and games and youtube videos
Sorry for what my ancestors did my Balkan brotha
I don't think the state should have control of industries
The most Macedonian of "greek" towns - Athens!
It is unilateral and irrelevant as far as resolution 1244 is concerned.
It was established by Bulgarians :)
Bulgaria is the oldest country in Europe, which has never changed its name since its foundation in 681
This is considered to clense the water (holy water) and everyone attending takes some home with them
Merc and BMW are status symbols, especially in a country like the UK.
Was told by a foreign ex that they only use tripe to feed it to their dog there
They'll still choose the US or Australia just based on Hollywood and geography.
Refugee crisis, terrorist attacks and the wars in the Middle East are the real concerns of Europe at the moment.
And even if somehow Greece and Bulgaria seal off their borders there is alternative road.
And the shot was not taken at 8 am.
I am not sure but i think it was "gotov ili ne , az idvam". Havent played the game in years so i am not 100% if that was the phrase
>Same reason why the BEL exam is mandatory
The ragout
You can rephrase this question with Greece and Cyprus and Bulgaria and Macedonia (or really Macedonia and any neighbouring state, depending on which nationalist you ask).
Some rain here and there, but for the most part nothing
Surely you can't think that's good for the average person
Every single thing you mentioned can be, and is, done more efficiently by those same professionals working privately as opposed to the incompetent and inefficient burreaucratic blob.
Wooo GO FRANCE
The salaries from Varna graduates are pretty much the same, even slightly higher
>How is war in Yugoslavia connected to Kosovo conflict
I'v yet to read a National Wiki page saying the Colour green on the flag is because the 8th century Duke of Something had a lot of pasture for his sheep so he put it in the flag that later evolved into national one.
It's kind of hard to explain without making a huge overly simplified generalization but for example, imagine we're talking about food, right, and it's like burgers or steaks or something
Your country is going to shit
In other words, their education is - useless.
In my company, the management doesn't make a difference between universities abroad
There are cultural relativists who think borders are a crime and all people from all over the Earth should be able to go live wherever they want, and this will have no negative consequences.
Yeah and we can develop our proficiency in dealing with corruption on a smaller scale and closer to home first.
However don't start with BG history but human prehistoric history, then the Ancient world etc
I already talked on what I think is absurd in the first post
A colleague of mine used to say "I am going to ride the porcelain horse"
You keep talking of integration when i talk of assimilation.
She moved to Canada extremely young.
Even not putting a progressive system making the tax 28
Or at least they have more opposition than they did before, but maybe this is just my wishful thinking
Usually I drink it with banitsa
Not really but still
Government proposes 2% increase to research ministry’s cash allocation for 2019
There is no way they dont know the one country they have a border with
C'mon as if it's EU's fault for letting Serbs immigrate to it
The vast majority left for Israel when the communists took power.
Or if having a seizure
Everywhere i go i meet Brits living in foreign lands.
It is 11th of February after all - still winter.
Which countries are actually using imperial.
In the university basement they have excavated a neolithic settlement with a few dwellings which are more than 8000 years old with some old stone tools and clay statues in them
I have written as a reply to another comment what i saw as working habits on Karpathos.
If the "child" has a job while living with them, it's like a milestone towards financial independence - no longer needing any allowance, handling all personal expenses alone, etc
Like, I get that people wouldn't trust sources and governments and people that have clear interest in the matter
Why are you being vulgar/aggressive?
Sofia, the dankest city in the Balkans.
This probably takes the lack of crimiminalisation laws to mean legalisation, which it's not
I'm really worried about Poland
For her it is OK for Putin to abuse women as long as he is not Muslim.
Catholics projecting
***"Готов или не, идвам!"*** Which is closer to ***"Ready or not, I'm coming"*** but they are basically the same thing so
However as a non-professional politician and as a person without any political experience there are two possibilities: he actually gains enough political strength to distance himself from BSP and push his own ambitions, or becomes easily manipulated unnoticeable parody of president.
Learning is the absolute last thing our system is designed for
Some dodgy neighborhood
How do you determine if I'm actually racist, what is your criteria?
It's funny how all of a sudden people having read practically nothing start judging other peoples' histories without knowing a damn thing about them
Why are they proposing a new law that is the same as the old one, unless
But don't know if correlates to the word "sechko".
I live in Sofia, Bulgaria, and I'd say 90% of people wear masks when shopping indoors (in supermarkets)
Paired with balkan cheese, 'colour salt' spices, and spread on a slice of bread, it's a culinary masterpiece (no bias at all, I only grew up on this :)
Really
That must mean they work for Russia!
The Ministry of Education said they are prepared to continue virtual schooling as long as possible but are operating under the assumption that schools will open up on 15th Sep as usual
And in Bulgaria, parliament supported a motion for online voting and the population voted in favor of online voting despite almost unanimous agreement in the academic community that online voting is insecure.
From a different point, I guess any of the Slavic languages would be a nightmare
Considering not much ancient architecture survived, but modern one is either nice small scale, derivative middle or fugly-Communist big-scale, my best guesses are some of the old-but-not-ancient architecture examples:
I'm keeping notes for a potential vacation :P
So, naturally, the Constitution of the Republic of Bulgaria starts with the dissolution of the People's Republic of Bulgaria:
Older people may question you
You don't have to apologise
4% increase over 10-years"[73] Ludovic Subran, the chief economist at credit insurance company, Euler Hermes, estimated that Macron Law would give France a GDP increase of 0
"Erdoğan went too far", Germany’s Turkish community says
The US and Mexico are not part of the same union.
Obviously they were not the same country
It's already back to what it was before the referendum.
What an ugly Photoshop of a great place
Even though she's fluent in Bulgarian her mindset as well as her citizenship is Canadian.
That's the price you pay for going out clubbing
What were her failings during the eurozone crisis and what about her economic ideas is so 'catastrophic'?
He is a complete failure but got the position because of how broken the system is
You get a lot of benefits from trade aswell
"That'll show them not to be unfriendly to us
USB 4
I want Bulgarians to rule over and live in Bulgaria, upholding Bulgarian interests, just as I want the same for any other country around the globe, whether it be France, Sweden, Germany, Egypt, Iran, Congo etc.
I found it hard to pick one since there are so many amazing songs
But i would say the elected as president Orange Orangutan ain't diplomat at all, he is intolerant, he's self-congratulatory, he's indescribably narcissistic and bowing down to him is a moral crime.
For example: a ticket from my hometown to Sofia (the capital), a trip that typically takes about 4 and a half hours by car, would take 6 hours and 10 minutes by train, but would only cost about €10, or €5 with the discount
In the winter - hanging out in cafeterias and talking a lot.
I believe in the near future places that have kept their nature virtually untouched will be the most famous and expensive destinations.
Didn't Spain have a bigger economy than Russia during 1998?
I just love British weather maps
Still makes it Bulgarian though otherwise the Greek or Latin alphabet doesn't exist either :P
Thank god this guy wasn't on security detail during Putin's visit.
Don't worry, i am in a good mood at the moment and don't want to argue, otherwise the Britons of this sub can confirm i can be real pain in the ass and easy upset them.
Seriously, climate change denial is crossing a line
It's easily seen in both the US and EU market that when fuel prices go up, people buy more fuel efficient cars
The illegal Russian annexation does not change that fact.
The article you link to doesn't mention Russia once.
You know there was a little thing with kidnapping kids and training them for stuff, that was pretty popular with the ottomans, right?
Make some fucking checks before letting anyone enter the EU?
I am against them but first we need more coordination on EU level to make them obsolete.
If Crimea was so obvious in hindsight Russia future actions have probably already been figured out and written about.
Am I the only one who fucking hates this mark
the army being an entirely EU controlled force instead of being individual countries controlling their own forces not really.
This is the first time a government is set to finish its term since 2009, so yeah - we have had three interim governments appointed by the President since I started voting
When I arrived in Germany, I was astounded by the amount of North Face and Jack Wolfskin logos on people's jackets and backpacks
You get a lot of benefits from trade aswell
So it's more a prisoners dilemma out of pure stubbornness
Tried charging me 50 leva for a distance that's normally worth about 15 at most
I wouldn't call it the most important but Ohrid is underrated
I guess those highway money are really worth it tho.
Goulash - the first thing I ate in Prague in a restaurant called "U Parlamentu" in Stare Mesto
It's just bulgarian history
Can you give me some stats and comparison between EU and UK money?
Look again at who made the thread.
How is Bulgaria better than France in education
So they have piped water inside but the source is the well.
Such are the social sciences
This sign strikes fear in everyone, cause the road after it is toll-controlled and its often very badly maintained
I like the current tricolour, I think green makes for a very pleasant addition to a flag
It's nice and clean but is it just me or does it look like a terrible place to actually read
I would politely dissagree
Largely thanks to all the Turks that were forced to vacate it during the Russo-Turkish war
Bulgarian also doesn't have a syllabic r or a pitch accent.
Younger people don't really care for old-timey words around here
Communists were surprisingly discriminatory for people who supposedly wanted the ultimate form of equality
Either way, it loses something and I think translations for games are spoiling people in a way
Thank you
Dutch guy talking about racism.
That did not happen and i count it as serious mistake.
I would add the April Uprising of 1876 as it helped Bulgaria to finally gain recognition and on the fact what is really happening in the Ottoman empire
I think this is from the Zheravna festival
I'm not joking, that some of our dialects are way harder to understand than the Macedonian :)
And the Japanese invading from the east would have been the biggest logistical nightmare of all time (for the invaders), there was no practical reason for committing hundreds of thousand of troops for the defense of Siberia with the Germans being a much more obvious threat
Wow that's abysmal and depressing
Flag to remind of great mother Bulgaria
It seems his doing the right thing here
Their problems started with the establishment of the Turkish republic, and the imposition of Turkish nationalism.
Well I've lived half of my life abroad, so my accent doesn't sound anything like the eastern European one
I've done one each summer since I graduated from high school, so I've basically not had to rely on my parents for financing anything
Probably, just that what I have noticed about the Romanian drivers
Europe, who is the most beautiful woman from your country?
How you may ask, we'll get some straps and tie everything down as much as you can to try and keep it in your car
Wow - surprised to see how unfrequented Bulgaria is in these lists!
We call the UK "Angliya" ("England")
There's never confusion about the gender of a word for that reason, so we know what article to use
Stallone's fake Bulgarian passport found in a recent counterfeit bust in Bulgaria
Green and Blacks is not bad if you're looking for a decent American chocolate.
So, sadly, seems part of the culture in some circles there
Honestly idk what you are trying to say/prove and why you even started this stupid conversation
In 2013 the 4th biggest bank in the country was forcefully bankrupted by the state under his command, so that he wouldn't have to return his loans and he would be able to steal the bank's assets
Even if I am moving the goalposts (I'm not), why on Earth is that important?
The EU countries' support
>Also famously a septic tank one time
The age of the carpark factors in heavy as well.
Yeah, happy birthday neighbors!
Elections are in a couple months
" or "Photo Shop Tutorial". You really don't need an IT class as long as you know English and YouTube
Holy shit
Hence its nationalist supporters that are doing it and not the official authorities.
I also think Serbia is a great rival and Greece too
Not to mention all those dangerous toilets people don't know how to use and keep falling into.
Even if there's nobody to vote for, you gotta pick the lesser evil (that phrase is used a lot here around elections).
But if it is to go or not to go, then go
The roma people get more than enough money, relative to the living expenses in the country.
The hours we study it are so not enough.
Moreover, if the UK voted to stay, there was a draft document ready for even more special treatment.
When I was visiting Russian relatives of a friend, they told me that when I spoke I sounded Polish
There are many examples but the storming of Tutrakan in 1916 is my personal favourite.
The person driving safest would be the one most afraid about their well being and dying
No one does and it is an impossible concept unless you use slavery.
And this isn’t nearly as relevant
now that's interesting: what is the difference (Padishah vs.
You really believe the things you wrote?
Take the market away from the criminals who are currently selling it and put that tax money in the EU coffers for public use
Trade must be done under rules.
I can recognise if somebody is from the Balkans but the different Balkan nationalities are more like generalisations (eg tall person - likely Serb/Montenegrin/Bosniak, slightly darker - somewhere from the south Balkans), but those are not always correct
He also made the first laws of the Bulgarians and won us thrace if I'm not mistaken
To me It sounds like Bulgaria claiming Cyprus.
But Gypsies are not necessarily lazy, are they usually chilling around or "working"?
Someone call the hydraulic press channel guy!
They don't allow non-hyphenated but if you use a hyphen, it's technically one-word-not-two-or-more
That company has made this city paradise for the alcohol enthusiast
This lead to people being cooped up indoors with the teacher of a subject these students don't even *have* on the curriculum
People would think that you're retarded.
I would also recommend going straight for a PHD because in the UK you can skip masters and jump from undergrad to phd student if you are interested in that
Polkovnik serafimov: Polkovnik is something like colonel and his last name was Serafimov
Regarding a specific place, I've heard Zanzibar, bacause it no longer exists as a country like before
Did the French leave Europe while nobody was looking
It's probably the best thing ever written by a Bulgarian, apart from poetry
Yes
We can talk about subjects with studies and proposed solutions, the pros and cons of those solutions but if we just start blabing on about the emotional baggage of stuff the conversation comes to an end since we're not arguing about points now but emotional appeal
Japan is slightly below the EU average IIRC.
The average income in the capital is almost twice as high as the rest of the country, so life in Sofia is more expensive as well
There is either a right to private property or there isn't.
During the cold war, it was the US that stand behind western Europe.
Just because people don't agree with your dumb drivel, doesn't mean that it has something to do with ShitAmericansSay.
No but I don't see why you're okay with paying international aid for others (one of the most generous countries for that) but then not smaller aid for Europeans, where additionally lots of  your money gets back to you
ok, this thing won't go our way without violence
Giving it is a low cost brand of Renault and relatively poor Balkan states, result is not surprising.
IDK I think he did a good job of making federalists mad as fuck
\*\*these are untranslatable in English, they don't have short forms of reflexive pronouns
And you can't be mad about it
Wow those youtube comments are like from an alternate reality O_O
are quite atheistic and religious tradition has very well died there yet they are deeply homophobic, as opposed to openly religious societies like Ireland or Italy.
During their rallies slogans like "Turks under the knife!", "Gypsies into soap!" are commonplace.
You know this is The Onion right?
) I wasn't really interested in history and when I learned that the Soviets in the end of WW2, when we were allies with the Axis and before the end of the war we switched sides with the Allies, declared war on Bulgaria, invaded as, abolished the monarchy with a fake referendum with 95
It's a sign of "pop-history's" prevelance in modern culture that Swedish aggression/warfare is associated almost always with the Vikings (who were actually more famously Danish and Norwegian), when in reality the Swedes did enormously more pillaging, killing and fighting in the 16th and 17th centuries.
I feel sad for any kid born in a gypsy family.
My aunt used to call her cat "mamo".
Interesting boat design
A nation looks after its own interests and its own people.
When I was a student we never even learned about communism in history class
Pro-Russian candidate wins first round of Bulgaria's presidential election
Well, you just had a canadian shooter attack muslims so I don't know if the political discourse reflects the real situation in Canada.
Check the CCB (Centro Cultural de Belém), it's the largest cultural facility in Portugal, various museums on different topics, Tower of Belém, Jéronimos Monastery, The Monument of Discoveries, it's all there.
Media like [Capital
Not sure why this is important or event what a special mention is, but there.
Brits and Frenchies are spoiled kids if compared to you guys.
There is a word сеч ( sech ) which means - cut as a noun.
* Also very cold winters with heavy snow
Bulgarians invented the Cyrillic alphabet in 893 during the 1st Bulgarian Empire
Why I don't really know
The rest would need Big Tech to scan the content
Slava Romania and the Romanian people
Actually it's not
According to the constitution, even if you committed a crime 10 years ago, now you will be judged according to the new more favorable rules for you.
Russia benefits from the continuation of the conflict in Kosovo, not from its solution, because it is the conflict that keeps Serbia dependent on Russian help.
We store eggs in the fridge
Hahahaha, best advantage EVER
I don't think I've seen a topless lady at a pool, in fact, I'm pretty sure it's generally not allowed
I once got diablo 2 in only French
Emmanuel Macron loses lead in French election polls after remarks on colonial Algeria and gay marriage spark outrage
DPS should more correctly be classified as a Russian pro-Kremlin party.
The people who buy German won't go for Korean and American cars.
Some folklore has it as Queen of the female spirits
WOOOOOO
Read some history, the first time English was used in diplomacy was at the Vienna congress in 1815 where the great powers were dealing with post Napoleonic Europe.
We had such attempts during Communist times when the invasion of of Sviatoslav in 10th c.
You mean when the socialist government was in power and then proceeded to tax rich people up to 75% of their money and gave out free shit to everyone and nothing improved in the slightest, instead both the education system and health system started to worsen in quality
If deal is approved by the people of Gibraltar in referendum then negotiations with the UK will have some serious legal ground and Spain may be able to regain control of the rock.
(I mean Donbass, not Crimea; pretty much everybody's agreed to disagree on the status of Crimea and for the time being that's that.) You can avoid that and stick to the rest of the country with zero chance of stumbling into military action.
That's so sad
I have had quite a few people ask me how much I make out of the blue and my answer depends on how close they are
The reforms I linked are regarding entry requirements and modernizing the University system
I watched a brief report about how one town where the entire fire department was *2 people*.
Our foreign policy leans mostly towards the EU and NATO, while Serbia is much closer to Russia
Because there was Old Bulgaria in the region of Crimea in the 6th century
I mean, never say never, but I am not interested in going to the UK.
This
Idk, I think that networking helps a lot
No, if the dictatorship is too confident and powerful it can withstand civil unrest without giving an inch
I don't see many american teenagers being killed in America by Yemeni, do you?
Gosho ot Pochivka and his ''fiesta of swear words in his songs''. Like the guy has at least 4 swear words in his sentences
and then stealing their suits
shame, really
NATO members should spend more on their security and meet the goal of 2% of GDP as annual expenditure for military.
What's not to worship
That is how you create euroskeptics
LOL, that actually cracked me up
Actually the same can be said about Bulgaria.
How did you learn to understand it?
Yes, at least in my region
Last year you lowered general VAT by 4% and VAT on food by 15% among others.
Yeah, there isn't exactly a whole lot of copy right protection down here
What do you think about that :)
People know she's (literally) sponsored by Russia, talks in Russian propaganda points and they're still okay with that?
I would too
In Bulgaria mothers are the most important
Both grammar and pronounciation are equally difficult for foreigners but again, it would depend on native language
It's a huge luxury as stated above
The US is the 16th cleanest on the Corruption perception index while Russia is 119th.
That's like Zimbabwe boasting about their record high stocks in 2008.
Everything is written the way it's pronounced
Jeez, these algorithms are getting really advanced
Thank you I'm also learning French in school I'm doing so great
Nobody made Germany surplus nation, it is the Germans themselves that achieve it.
But this doesn't change the essence of the habit
It's either pronounced as k or s.
It's just USSR cinema isn't that popular in the west
Cyril and methodius were from thessaloniki which was not Bulgarian at that time
Sadly, these sort of things happen quite often in all of Europe.
You're right - I've expressed myself incorrectly here, it's not really about efficiency.
Like any other country, it follows its national interests.
In Bulgarian it is ези-тура (ezi-tura).
The damage was mostly somewhere else...
* [Srebarna lake] \- a lake used by dozens or endangered species as a resting stop along their migratory path
He can leave the Kenyans for the second term.
All better choices using your criteria
You think i didn't quite clearly answer your question already 2 posts above?
No, a quick Google search would have answered your question
The EU has sanctioned is own members.
On personal level, Trump-the-Clown, his administration and his allies can kiss my ass.
It's simply the worst possible fix
as a sort of local, I don't really buy this.
Those microstates are left overs from the medieval Europe, when the continent was a bunch of small kingdoms, duchies and fiefdoms.
A classic one from many years ago is the pawn shop that was translated to English as *”hostage house”*
10 % of christians are fundamentalists, 60% of muslims are fundamentalists.
Is it ban evasion if you make your own thing though
It's 16th consecutive day we've been protesting here, we want the current political part, along with the prosecutor and prime minister gone, what about you
Very prominent, though in certain years
It doesn't matter if you are a nationalist, a communist, liberal, conservative, isolationist or globalist
Be it right wing or left wing, it doesnt matter.
Holy fuck I checked your comment history, what a mistake that was.
So is there some connection between the two words etymologically?
Actually - send our politicians to Mars.
10 min walk + 15 min by tram or about 20 min by bike
Wars which you always lose if you don't get help from someone else.
By that point the only way to go is wireless
I'm laughing so hard at this right now omg
News organizations should stop giving more ammunition to this "Fake News" shit that is going on.
It'll be interesting to see subscriber demographics.
From what I've gathered your most ubiquitous food was smazhaak/fried cheese
Nobody says Чешка република (Cheshka republika) in everyday speech, it sounds way too official
USB 3
Other nations and peoples around the world aren't your responsibility or under any kind of need for you to take care of them.
I find small place/rural area better.
No idea how
They sound like they hate everything around them
Can you give some examples
And I doubt any would include Slovenia
Lack of sunlight is not good and can lead to depression
If you hear that someone had graduated a private university - you can be sure he's most probably stupid and rich.
Try the Rhodopes if you're into nature hiking and stuff, it's fantastic
Not that I'm feeling particularly proud of my country atm but if you don't want to get chased by attack dogs you could simply try to enter through the border checkpoint, that's why it exists.
Mean while the rest of us and too tied up trying to keep things the way they are.
Yeah it really sucks
I mean our king was German so it makes sense to be fair
I am currently typing this on a 6 years old acer and the only problem I ever had is 1 broken button on the keyboard.
I googled ethymology of this word in Russian, "shpargalka", and apparently, it comes from Polish word "szpargał".
You sound like the people that say "Prove that there is no God".
Either way they're setting these phonetowers on fire, which is funny because there is no 5g in the Netherlands yet
Ah yes,we had that too
And in these territories there were still huge Christian minorities, which were being treated horribly, and Muslims were still trying to conquer the rest of Europe when they could.
If I find a piece of shit on my table, then I'm going to start asking questions.
I am saying that I am against increasing spending while being in NATO and for it, if its needed for common EU defense.
Lol, it means old woman/grandma in Bulgarian too, that's pretty funny
This looks incredible, wow
In Bulgaria the black ones are very cheap, so there is no need to do all these shenanigans
it's time for you to brexit /r/europe.
It's a pastime at this point
When I went to Madrid I was amazed that many things in stores cost the same and some were even cheaper than in Bulgaria.
They should have shattered the moment Erdogan called them Nazis.
I am Luffy, future king of pirates, looking for the one piece treasure.
Macron’s overhaul of the labour code has helped ease those concerns, and hiring on permanent contracts rose 6
This is true if you speak Bulgarian "correctly". If you speak with a thick dialect and for some reason haven't listened to standard Bulgarian much, maybe it will be harder
I find it hard to understand how you would convince any other country to accept them.
By that point the only way to go is wireless
There's definitely a contrast between what Europe and China do and who Muslim leaders criticise
The poor infrastructure means you had better have a durable car because you *will* incur damage
Harsh
The Baltics are not some far away land, out of reach.
Once you start judging literature with the eyes of modern times you end up with stupid decisions like banning Mark Twain books because he uses the n-word
But yeah, we're pretty proud
If you live in Hungary, you should've notices how used the rails are there
What a beauty of a subreddit
Swiss knife
They're not doing a very good job of moving toward that goal.
Big minus
No idea how that difference in accents happens
And i ain't scared of Brits at all, while working in the service had to put two down, it was an easy task.
Even though every home in the village has access to affordable fiber optic internet and almost everyone has a smartphone these days, people who are 40+ who remember life under communism do not rely on these things the same way the younger generations do
After ISIS is gone we will see what happens in that region, but I doubt the Kurds will let things stay the same.
There has not been a single war between Bulgaria and Turkey since the 1910s and you continues with this narrative of hostility.
This continued in university where they just screwed with you instead
Yeah because our politicians decided to nurture some immigrants here in Europe instead of keeping them In the ME, so we have to pay them and taking care of immigrants in the EU is much more costly than in the ME.
It becomes different story when you have large and powerful neighbors like Russia, or even Turkey.
The most natural thing in the world.
Will give you examples, all these airports Spain build in the years of booming without actually proving they were economically viable ( that didn't happen only in Spain though ) and on micro level, many Spanish families, specially in the cities were taking maids for cleaning their houses and doing other jobs, while they were going out having fun ( that again was not only Spaniards, it turned out to be quite common practice in the cities of South ).
Many caves too
This is due to some liability, wherein if a student leaves within school hours and anything happens to them, the school can be blamed
The US system is shit, I agree but look at some other countries that have capitalism
A bastion of irreligion surrounded by a sea of faith.
I'll have you know City 17 is wonderful at this time of year!
Bulgarian "happy" in the Netherlands
Well, didn't think about that, I would assume colonialism brought a lot of foreigners in western countries, but I guess those on the north didn't see much of that.
You asked how many millions of the remaining 2 billion muslims would i perscribe.
Also i would erase our land border with Turkey.
That's like the norm
Historians are still trying to calculate the number of people killed in much later conflicts like WWII and despite the extensive records kept by the belligerents the figures usually vary quite a bit
In recent years he even received a sort of order of friendship from Putin
But we usually celebrate it on [day of the week] and call it [some weird Slavic word idk]
Youl would be surprised at the shit thrown at us by Bulgarian natioanlists.
For reference, down is Liberal and up is authoritarian
And why did not he take his family feud to court and instead went to the mafia
The rest of your argument is based on emotional reasoning that really no reply can argue with since it isn't rational
Every young person, I've talked to, that were too little to remember life before 2007 consider other EU nationals as foreigners, but they are not as foreign as someone from outside the EU
Френска любов. - "French love
We need to go in the streets, emails and upvotes are easily ignored
Yes, this is clearly a direct prerogative and not a vague, wishy-washy line that governments just put and ignore
I don’t think Bulgaria has one
EU on the other hand matches US both demographically and economically.
Once everyone moved to the cities people’s lifestyle changed and they now had 1-2 children max
Fan content in general, too
It literally says right there that they were funded to fight Assad
Yep, read some Askreddit right after the election and got the impression the guy have prepared for over 10 years to run for President
I would recommend taking a look at this website: [ You can probably find a free masters or a fully funded one
"Nooooo, that didn't happen, that's just your imagination"
There are just several nicknames that just 'sound right' for every single personal name
Bromania best neighbor, Black Sea close second.
Not because I think that my national language is the best in word or our of some nationalist sentiments
Because the type of Bulgarians that would lash out and be idiotic don't really know English that well and probably don't even know about reddit
USB 1
We had the whole day to ourselves there, and we had a little game where we split in small groups to roam the city center and whoever finds the most expensive watch first would get  free lunch from the others
What's happening in Turkey is heartwrenching.
..why
It’s just awkward as is
Had that not occurred, Cyprus today would have been a province of Greece, and the Turkish Cypriots would have been ...
If we kept summer time, in the winter it would be dark until 9:00-10:00 which will make getting out of bed ever more difficult for most people, it is just not natural to get up 3 hours BEFORE sunrise
Those young, post-colonial countries are founded on that principle and if you move there you can enjoy a society built on a constantly changing demographic through mass migration.
I have endless admiration for this and wish we were closer to this
Brilliant show with brilliant, benign humor.
However in this particular instance I think OP is just making a reference to Cyberpunk 2077
Meanwhile in the US
You are going around telling people they are wrong, and that they shouldn't be mad at the EU for one of the worst decisions the EU has ever made
|Music|Prof
all the comments use similar terminology and push the same agenda - true or not.
Basically, UK wants to eat the cake, every day, and EU to send 27 more cakes, every day
Like, I get that people wouldn't trust sources and governments and people that have clear interest in the matter
For example, grammatical cases are almost extinct and exist only in personal pronouns, and still, there are only three of them instead of the typical 6 in other Slavic languages.
I believe it, because it makes geopolitical sense.
The question is: who does he see as the wolf?
ALLIANCE SCUM, LOK'TAR OGAR
How much do you download with ?
We literally have a town called Златоград, or zlatograd which means "golden city". It's located in Bulgaria so I'll leave it up to you to guess whether there's any gold or wealth there
I don't know what to tell you my friend.
Just saying they seem way more friendly and brotherly compared to, for example, our relations with N.Macedonia
Are you okay with it
The way stones are arranged in the walls shows some really old craftsmanship.
But Hindi means turkey in Turkey
What are her political views
because the everyday joe doesnt know shit about the eu and prob has his politicians and conspiracy theorists telling him how evil and corrupt it is and how its the 4th reich or smtng
I have shirts with Richard Dawkins on them.
Bulgaria got severely lectured about building the south pipeline so we abandoned it in 2014, next thing we know Germany is approving the North one and saying we should build go back to building the south one, you know after turkey already takes the fucking deal
From almost 9 000 000 in 1989 to <7 000 000 today
Can we stop pretending Brexit and Trump were completely unexpected?
2020 governments are really asking for bloody revolutions aren't they
This way they can be the start/end point of military ceremonies, the May 6th Parade can end there and the new Memorial can be developed as an Honorary guard of Alexander I Battenberg Mausoleum - you know, the first ruler of Liberated Bulgaria
There are also some other known ruins burried under the city (city wall, temple, etc
To think that the chain reaction started my some dudes from the secret services pushing some other political dudes away from state property which is free for all
When you compare it to any other european empire at the time, its not hard to view it favorably.
Idk about the German flag but when I was in Nurnberg I saw many houses flying the FC Nurnberg flag (the football team) and also some flying the Bavarian flag
I don't see how getting goods and services for cheap if you are poor is a fundamental right at all
EU citizens travel freely without a visa to all countries in green on this map:
People from all over the country move here for university and work, or they go abroad
As far as I know one of the conditions of getting into the EU is that the country HAS to adopt the euro at a certain point (that point being fulfilling five(?) major rules)
Yesterday a redditor posted picture from Gdansk taken from his office and there was no snow.
Thank you
Yes, the system does need to be changed and even one government with good majority can only start to undo the actions of the mafia but not destroy it
The only guys I have heard who speak basically like natives are Macedonians, they basically have to change their accents
You mean they'll get some kind of allergic rash just from touching pasta with their lips or what
Don't forget this gem, which manages to encompass the filth of chalga while mixing with pseudo-rap and trashy pop:
Now you can take your "destiny" in your own hands.
It will be nice if there are 3 to 4 daily posts of pictures of flowers in europe, preferably wild ones.
Maybe once but it's like we just crossed a bridge said "yay we are out of the Balkans" and went to the old part of Belgrade again
I suggest you stick to the muslims and kick out easterners.
Why is NE Bulgaria always depicted as speaking turkish on these maps
) is the perfect meme target - it's the poorest and most backwater region in the country, plus they have a funny accent/dialect
Well that's a solution for the government at least.
doesn't work very well when you have a different alphabet
Damn
Also I find it very weird that you dont moan about the millions of junkies and 18 year old girls that get pregnant in order to get benefits but you complain about smart and ambitious people coming and making this country better
[Here, an explanation by the EC]
Even though we had mass protests this summer nothing will probably change in the upcoming election schedualed for march 2021, since if not for the ruling party the socialist(previous communist) party will be in control, something a lot of people don't trust
I am well aware that as an outpost for the Royal Navy it receives funds from UK, but do you think those money will be enough for further development of Gibraltar?
" However, ***правя*** can mean ***do***. For example, ***Правя нещо*** commonly means ***I'm doing something*** although it also means ***I'm making something***. So it can be translated as both ***make sex*** and ***do sex***.
Some years ago there was this case where a guy opened fire on another guy
Really beautiful place with plenty of architecture from various periods
great stuff
Just don't copy/paste google pictures.
Our schools typically have shifts - half the school comes in at the morning, then the other half in the afternoon, and the following semester they switch
Think of it as the second g in garage
Heathens also believe in a God/Gods.
And so far Turkey has never won a war against a Balkan Union, right?
(BTW your English is impeccable)
This is just abuse of power
Suicide amongst transsexuals puts the clinically depressed and schizophrenics to shame.
If we're going by actual political power, does that not rule out Elizabeth II
Lepa Brena and Ceca are very famous.
8 billion in Serbia
I'm buying a bike
> Homo-Nazis
I wonder about the origin of that because we have never had elections even with a regular majority - ever since communism fell
Yes it's worth  $90 billion
The refugees are crossing the border **illegally**, jumping over fences, running through the forest, and hiding in lorries.
Those are two very different things
It seems they're now trying to get on the German "market"....
All of the parties except for the patriots are pro-EU.
Well NASA is launching the JWTS on a ESA rocket From a French Launch Site so...yah
For the winter we have [THESE] awesome stuff :) - terlici (терлици).
I'm talking about the way the curriculum itself was built around the needs of the state at the time
**Bulgar (pre-Christian) names:** Kubrat, Asparukh, Kormesiy, Kormisosh, Vineh, Telets, Sabin, Umor, Toktu, Pagan, Kardam, Malamir, Saver, Tervel, Telerig, Presian, Omurtag, Krum, Boris, Rasate
Such concentration of wealth in the hands of few people and such big number of impoverished people is...unstable development on global scale.
The parents can appeal to the court, but the basic rules are:
Kebapche or Kufte (pronounced kyufte and literally means meatball)
In fact the most famous hotel (Marina) and best regarded hospital (Tokuda) in Bulgaria are Japanese or built by them
Most of them retirees of course.
In Russian koleja is still used for these grooves
[Свинско с кисело зеле.]#tbm=isch&q=%D1%81%D0%B2%D0%B8%D0%BD%D1%81%D0%BA%D0%BE+%D1%81%D1%8A%D1%81+%D0%BA%D0%B8%D1%81%D0%B5%D0%BB%D0%BE+%D0%B7%D0%B5%D0%BB%D0%B5&imgrc=ywAUsYPXr9fysM%3A)
For masculine words, there are 4 different versions of the - 'a', 'ът/ut', 'я/ya' and 'ят/yat'. Which one you use depends on the role of the word in the sentence (if it's the subject, you use the versions ending in t) and of the word itself
Still DnD and Warhammer are not that popular, but now you can at least explain the concept and people will start to understand you
In Bulgaria we must write in cursive in school
Sexism
Would be happy with Edirne and Lulekburgas.
No - the stone is part of the bedrock
Plenty of those
I don't think that's a thing in Bulgaria.
OFCOURSE WE SHOULD AND WE SHOULD HAVE STARTED TO PAY TURKEY WAY BEFORE 2014
...same as our presidential elections in Bulgaria few months back.
Because everyone else in the world is having multiple children while Europeans are barely having one child per family.
They formed bands (cheta) either in the home land or abroad in Serbia or Romania (I.e. the First Bulgarian Legion)
And maybe they are not trolls, but that is what actually most of bulgarians believe.
Coupled with the tax right off for electric cars, the carbon tax, something proposed both by climate scientist  and macro economist, is a step in to the right direction
In fact the Balkans are getting more civilized due to Western influences.
The Republic here is meant to be above ethnics or religions and treat all as citizens, who's issues should be cared for on the grounds of equal citizens, not divided by ethnicity.
I'm already bought my ac, it's arriving tommorow
This is common practice all over Europe, or at least it was before modern housing.
I myself only know the geographical boundaries of the region, as I am also not familiar with cultural delimitations, if any
Yes, because the EU doesn't have the power to stop them unless the member states agree, and they won't when China and the US can bribe them individually
I answered the former
You could say there's lodz of snow
Point to me a conflict like that in the last 20-30 even 40 years where the United states invaded it's neighbour because they were going to sign an economic treaty with a different union
Most of it started back in the USA by people that would now likely be identified as part of the alt-right movement, with the chief proponent being Alex Jones.
Slavi is one of the pillars of chalga, always has been
Even if you were dirt poor and the EU was doing fine
You do not identify the same way ethno-nationally or state-wise as your ancestors did 2000 years ago.
And do not forget, you do not have land border with anyone.
yes this is very sad moment in europe and world cultural history
Bulgarians had their version of the old Slavic names of the months until about 200 years ago, when we gradually began to accept modern Latin names.
Play FIFA
Prejudice
I don't remember many stories sadly, because he did mumble a lot and focused a lot on specific dry strategies instead of interesting adventures
There's some spooky stories coming out of those gulags but not many living people
So for all of you giving wonderful ideas about pizzas, you're replying to *that* type of person
I point to a hypocrisy on the political spectrum, not trying to discuss Podemos or Spain per se.
If you've never seen Bulgarian news websites, I'm actually glad for you.
The only reason we're even in this mess is because people like you have been fighting against any integration and measures to increase the EU's power for years and now complain it's ineffective
Lower Bathhouse would be a better translation
Nevertheless if you want to watch good movies I highly recommend French, Russian and German cinema.
We have a whole cathedral named after him
Looks like it's coming along great
The Bulgarians speak Bulgarian.
Like "wtf do they think we are THAT stupid
" That doesn't really make sense, does it
Ummm, I think you mean [this]
>like the Chechen, get massively oppressed
Everyone has the right to express themselves.
It's because people are actually discussing the ideas of collectivism and individualism.
"Tradition" на английски не значи само буквално "официална традиция" ;)
Well if you believe "Not in the 30s it wasn't" is funny enough and delivered properly
Russian interests in Bulgaria are strongly connected to organised crime and influence all three branches of government.
People use it for the bigger exams like for 7th grade (before entering a high school) and before entering an university or 12th grade
Found it a bit pretentious
Same in Bulgaria, we've been struggling to build in Thessaloniki because we haven't had it for like a thousand years now
The most corrupted in EU
Do you know that there was a time in Bulgaria that due to hyper inflation, money was...nothing.
I do give a shit
Turkey economy shrinks for first time since 2009
EU citizens travel freely without a visa to all countries in green on this map:
Magadan or Vladivistok are on the other side of the Globe.
I wonder if analog cameras would be welcome
These people on the streets, as well
Russia will sell us the most expensive gas, try to conduct assassinations and destroy businesses, infiltrate the state and media, insult and belittle us
It's distorted by the lens here, but I think it's quite beautiful, especially when the air is clear.
The church somehow correspondents with the mountain in the back.
Having a close language and genes can make you more sympathetic to a country.
It will either happen or the EU will fall apart, as the lack of this is the number one driving factor behind anti-EU populist movements or even Brexit.
From a political pov they're all equally shit at being objective and you're better off even using Facebook or chatting with people to inform yourself about politics
Who forced them into the fiscal position they found themsleves a few years ago?
And of course Thracians
Edit: Weirdly I got several replies with the exact sentiment in under five minutes, from different users as well
Elections are in 7 months
When a woman speaks it it makes me melt
Bulgaria's GDP Grew 3.4% in Q3, 2016
I don't get that at all
I absolutely LOVE that video thumbnail before you play it.
A Bulgarian here, we're still trying to fight too and honestly the progress has been slow
I havent heard of such a rule, altough in some houses not taking your shoes off is disrespectful
Hah...that is supposed to be tiny amount?
You go that way, the consequences for you may not be very pleasant.
That's actually a pretty decent overview.
Catalonia can't join
That was back in time in Bulgaria.
My neighborhood, I've heard, gets its tap water from Iskur Dam, which can't match Vitosha spring water or water from the various mineral springs in and around the city
It is nice to help financially or in any other way if possible, but most parents are just happy you are still around
In Bulgaria they have huge nice good quality stores whereas in the Netherlands they actually are small and they are marketing to poor people or people on a budget
I thought the picture was perfect and then I saw the cat and that made it even better
Why is the Danish cartoonists living in fear today not because of the cartoons he drew of Jesus (he did) or Buddha, but of Mohammed?
Imagine waking up after a Sunday afternoon nap and when you go to pee you find a smelly big ass turd in the toilet
most of them are literally just "how do i", with nothing else added (top one is just "how") and then there's "how do I force a period", "how do I get pregnant", "how do I kiss"
Don't really care sadly our version of Trump is still in office
Also, a beverage called "boza". Foreigners hate it, we drink it since childhood here and it's pretty well-liked
I want to LIVE in Barcelona but I don't have that choice at the moment
Yes it does
So for me it's very foreign thing - I know basic rule but I have zero inner feeling of the concept
Don't have to deal with quotas and don't have to deal with arrogant western europeans thinking those funds actually matter to the average citizen.
The responsibility for that failure rests squarely on your shoulders.
Млатя (mlatya) means “to beat down” in Bulgarian
[Shiroka laka] or [Koprivshtitsa]
and his bride bails on him
The last two new year eve it was hella cold.
I think it's funny how hard the US went after peaceful Iraq to install "democracy" yet refuse to put a single troop on Middle Eastern soil to take care of ISIS, who are much worse equipped and organised and are causing more havoc around the world with their Islamist ideology than secular Saddam ever could.
Edit: I forgot how to properly write in English
What's wrong with giving employment in factories to unemployed people in third world countries?
Hmm the main island of the UK is called - Great Britain.
Oman was never part of your Empire.
>  Latin America is light years ahead of Eastern Europe on lgbt rights and they’re way poorer
Ah yes, we have 3 words in common and the same royal dynasty AFTER we were freed from the ottomans
Can someone weigh me the positives and negatives
Borisov just has less and less reasons to stay and the earlier he resigns the better for himself
All the people I've heard use this defense happen to have a strong exposure to Russian media.
Anything above will make me want to die and I know that in Aug and Sep it is going to get even worse
Honestly calling Bulgaria “Ottoman Empire” aint that insulting
And we aren't buying tulips
They outweigh the deaths of what capitalism has done
But have you been to SFRJ Club Vienna
|Medicine|Military Medical Academy and Sofia Medical University|
Nice winter trekking sweaters though they cost around 100 euros.
That has been posted like a week ago.
Hever heard it before but hey learnt something new
that only works when you enter a train compartment and ask if the seats are taken
> ####Article 1
Like I said: dirt cheap debauchery
When the whole world is insane, being sane is a disadvantage
>previous American leaders have always been very pro-European
5 months working - enough money for all year - high income - high taxes - less money government has to borrow.
Can you imagine how happy she would be to see him again though
Jajajaja, lo se, por eso me reí tanto
Edit: some grammar and wording
It's not a matter of education or political engagement, it's a matter of complexity level
I wonder about the origin of that because we have never had elections even with a regular majority - ever since communism fell
An overblown story might not be the best basis on your opinion on the budget, the fact is the budget for HC has increased more than inflation
People who buy premium cars won't start buying Honda, Kia and Ford.
A mistake Europe doesn't have a unified military which could actually occupy land in Syria and Lybia and establish safe zones there for refugees and migrants in distress.
I am not Bulgarian, I am Polish, the very idea that you can dismiss an accusation towards the Red Army on the grounds of someone's nationality is pathetic.
Parts of Spain to an extent except for the militarism.
Few come back and of course some practising doctors leave too.
As a Russian - England
Wait you can
Both FGM and MGM are barbaric and pointless and should be banned.
And even if you want a day for it this is not the place you try to get it
How TF
I don’t know about the country as a whole but the town where I live(Pirdop, it’s a fairly small town about 80 km to the east of Sofia) has a fairly large amount of strays
Since people keep talking about Westboro.
Me too
A country declines to extradite it's own citizen
Plus we refused them soldiers for attacking Russia and we refused them any of our Jews
Actually Chicago has the strictest gun laws in the USA.
Anyway since I don't feel cold or hot it must be between 23 and 27°C. That's my most comfortable range
They make everything last instead of replacing things when they break
After the defeat, Ivaylo took the throne and ruled for a year until 1279
The entirety of China was going between 37 and 60 million people up until the modern age, so roughly the size of two Tokyos, and lower than the Roman empire’s of the 2nd century or Europe of the 11th.
Including the USA and Bulgaria.
in two beautiful eyes;-music-rays
I condemn the bombings, they were absolutely unacceptable, but so was the Serbian conduct
This regime of paradoxes left its traces everywhere.
For Dutch I'd say Harry mulisch - the discovery of heaven
Alright
The president outside of being the commander in chief is pretty useless as a diplomat so it doesn't really matter much whom he is more fond of.
But yeah, it's not very prestigious
12 years ago, lots of Moscow fertility clinics websites had pages for their lesbian clients
Original 100% idiot/peasant GMO free.
The guy that does nothing and almost no one talks to them, but he asks for money
Update, works just fine with a Bulgarian server
Some claim they found an alien powersource, explaining the beams of light, that at some point came out of the hole, some claim they found the tomb of the egyptian godess Bast
In my city we can't have a metro because every time they start digging they find something considered heritage and can't keep going
It's nothing serious but clearly cops hate criticism
Two words: DROB SARMA
Bright side - our next elections are in March 2021
I despise Kamentza with passion.
Surely, they get their wealth by working 5000 times more than everyone else, not by abusing market forces
Though I do see that there are many different competing theories.
Yup, if we don't turn the trend into a positive one, I'll probably leave in 2021
Indeed
Most unique/least contested/personal pick: Liutenica
For example women are coerced into shooting much more aggressive fims, than they are willing to
Thank you for your vote :)
We're doing them a bad "favor" by providing free housing and welfare money.
Very disappointed that no Bulgarian has decided to organise a demonstration
Considering how complex many of the issues we deal with are, I doubt that any significant fraction of your readership would have the necessary expertise to interpret raw data.
Nationalism is an artificial construct.
Historians can't even agree how many people lived in Constantinople or Baghdad or Cordoba at a certain point, let alone give precise estimates of the fatalities in any given conflict before the modern era
Its not hypernationalist.Its common sense.Anyone even with a small amount of historical knowledge of the balkans knows that FYROM is a complete joke created by communist Yugoslavia.Hypernationalits from Greece and Bulgaria want to annex FYROM,regular people want them accept what they are primary Bulgarians with some Serbian blood and Albanian minority and with stolen Greek history.They can be their own state we kinda fucked in XX century up so we dont deserve them.
Plovdiv, maybe
my meowmeowbeenz
So a lot of quotas for immigrants from South America for example, fewere for East Asians, then the rest, and muslim and particurarly mid-eastern at the bottom with close to zero, except for experts, scientists and the like.
Who the fuck cares what Erdogan says?
And yet, every ranking puts France ahead of the UK in military power.
Some people here celebrate the sunrise of the 1st of July
*except the turkish people themselves
And hitting them isn't discipline
Slavic countries would be more or less easy to manage (not you though Poland)
He had a pivotal role in reigniting the cultural identity of the Bulgarians by reacquainting them with their history
By opposing the cultural relativist project of the left i didn't mean deporting those who are already here, but stopping further mass immigration and demographic replacement.
Two completely different things.
see outside through the "wall".
Which is approximately 10 euro cents
It doesn't matter if they are economic emigrants and they send some money home.
In the summer i don't go out without applying sunscreen on my face and parts of body with direct contact with sunlight.
I have been here many times on school trips and as a tourist just a few years ago.
Bulgarian has a certain lexical and grammatical richness to it that I can't get enough of, not to mention our colloquialisms and proverbs
The 2017 aftermovie of the biggest EDM festival - Tomorrowland, which is hosted in **Belgium**, got a copystrike from
Yeah, same one
Trump and Putin have both complimented each other.
It's exactly the same in here
If you ask our ruling party and the majority of their voters, this ranking and especially our glorious 111th position is a fabrication of the West because they hate Bulgaria and are jealous of the progress we've had
We are on 64th day of anti-government protests here, in large part catalyzed by these photos taken secretly of our long-standing prime-minister - stacks of 500 euro banknotes and golden bars stashed in his residence drawers (presumably bribes brought by visitors)
This is the same reforms that are proposed today, really
Oh no, the man who has systematically been destroying every single good thing in the country over the past decade and even more is wearing his mask wrong
If you're that poor, that you have to beg people for coins, are you going to travel thousands of kilometres, to a foreign country, where you don't even speak the language?
Recetly USA is more common because of the elections you guys have
More service, more software (maybe), and more entertainment.
We have a village called "Churka" which means "dick"
You could be right about that
Yeah, I loved the "the EU is just rich countries helping poor countries because of the goodness of their hearts and socialism".
Second hard Brexit is the only option as Britain wants an access to EU market but without the four fundamental freedoms, which in this case means - no leverage to negotiate anything.
He started out as a bodyguard, so a lot of the things we make fun of is how thuggish he is
It seems that it's not a matter of free university or giving you a social net that helps escape poverty
It's fighting for freedom when its the middle east and terrorism when its in western Europe.
I think most Bulgarians see Macedonia as our little brother rather than a rival
We will see if both UK and EU can make a separate deal regarding City of London.
The law is all there - it's just not enforced
Honestly the only thing I like about our democracy is the set-up, I can't watch this being taken from me...
While Bulgaria is Sunny Beach and English pensioner's retirement home
Is it ban evasion if you make your own thing though
Both living and property
fuuucking I was really enjoying the cool and rainy summer I've been having here in Germany
As a native Bulgarian speaker I can't imagine anyone having to learn all the rules that are basically just guidelines
Even though we had mass protests this summer nothing will probably change in the upcoming election schedualed for march 2021, since if not for the ruling party the socialist(previous communist) party will be in control, something a lot of people don't trust
The U.K., France even, especially the Sarkozy years.
" - Russia probably
By the late 9th century Slavic was the official language.
he should have a Turkish flair...
It seems that there's been a rise in Eastern Orthodox believers in the last 10 years (according to wikipedia) and overall, I'd say it's only an issue if you bring it up during a religious holiday/ceremony or if you're in a smaller, rural area
I actually follow the guy who created the colouring AI DeOldify on Twitter (@ citnaj)
Nobody is taking shit with nukes.
Like are there drawbacks to dual citizenship, is it identity issue, administrative?
Heck yeah
Doesn't have to be residents, you just remove dual citizenship and its done.
"Heavily guarded"
Companies usually pay a rather symbolic sum (around a third of what you would normally get as a junior employee) to interns
Otherwise it is amazing to see such big wild animal on a road.
Say, monitoring general population - something UK power-having want to introduce.
How do you feel about your political representation in Lithuania.
I hope this explains it a little better why so many Bulgarians are protesting every day all over the country
The Sun is always depicted as male, even though it’s neuter
Well, then maybe it is time to nuke Australia completely!
We did a bloodless revolution too
It's hard to imagine something like that working here
One guy he went to basic training with was a chess wizard, and he could beat anyone with his back turned
we've got people dedicated to making sure we won't
>and it’s on a river
You have no idea how many times I have called Brasil 'Brasil' and not the Bulgarian Бразилия(Braziliya)
And literature should be mandatory
Yeah, you're right
There's also an optional "zanimalnya" which is basically a "study hall" you can sign your kid up for
A friend of mine has an American boyfriend and when his parents come to visit, they find the small cars quite uncomfortable
As trash as the healthcare is in the Netherlands, it's still lightyears ahead of that third world country the US
It is truly amazing how despite having basically a complete cultural overlap with Bulgaria, Macedonia has somehow preserved an ancient connection to Alexander the Great, which was nonexistent for hundreds of years, and suddenly resurrected in the last few decades
Yes because in Croatian (and all Slavic languages that use the Latin alphabet) the letter C makes the sound of the German letter Z, not K.
We don't have entire memmorials, but [these kinds] of grafitti are [very common]
Nothing more to add
I didn't copy my arguments it's simply want is needed and it definitely has not been implemented since 2007 as you assert
This one is better than the current one in my opinion.
But yeah, we're pretty proud
With actually competent leaders we could be so much better after 13 years of membership
here it's like a father-son thing.
It's... incredible
Why
Maybe I shouldnt use Anglophones tho, because most users with NZ and Australia flags are simply English immigrants.
My whole country's population is decreasing rappidly
By that logic, if Bulgaria was richer and spoke a different language, it would automatically be excluded from the Balkans
My aunt used to call her cat "mamo".
Most of the Turks on this reddit seem to have values that are quite a bit more progressive than those of the European Turks you see on TV praising Erdogan.
That had happened to all countries with capitalistic market orientated economies.
I love them soft boiled with a bit of paprika
Same thing happened here back then and it was the same guy dubbing seemingly every movie
Nobody expects someone from Ireland to know what a beautiful woman looks like.
We invented it
Also political correctness is not a thing here
Your sentence describes a property of the EU so you want to use that.
I like that they provide a counterbalance to the US.
Specific Marxist parties and organizations are verboten, not the propagation of Marxism itself the way Nazism is.
And what do we learn
Secondly, it's better nominal GDP per Capita which is not distorted by inflation
Trump's aides have taken away his Twitter account from him.
And what happens to Buick then?
But of course, even mentioning the two countries in the same sentence is how wars can begin on the Balkans lol (feel free to check r/AskBalkans to get a glimpse)
I can officially invite Bulgaria and all countries that scored lower than us, to join The Glorious African Union!
Look at the broader political context.
>As fo IT that suffers from the negative connotation that that's basically not a real class
1968 is the year the current and currently very outdated Penal code was introduced
Done
I fell for it 5 months later
Now i have never heard of that very ancient Balkan language, which exists to this day, cause even Greek is not very old.
Although Bulgaria is having a nuclear power plant, it still produces ~50% of it's energy from coal, why ?
here he is in a random display.
After that the whole school would be evacuated, the police comes with trained dogs and search for it but never found anything
I find it very entertaining how vastly different American Anglo-Saxons' names are, compared to actual Brits
Every time this shit gets brought up I see people thinking that the west is giving free money and not getting anything.
Fractions looked quite ugly so I multiplied everything by 1000 to get more friendly-looking numbers.
But i guess we have to help Jordan and Lebanon with money, idk why we dont
On the day of decision, two areas were considered for the first, 6 judges voted it was unconstitutional and 5 that it was
Hundreds of busses with voters will come from Turkey next week and the party of these two(BSP) relies on it to make a government.
I've done one each summer since I graduated from high school, so I've basically not had to rely on my parents for financing anything
And the last 15 are for trying to cram information in their heads
They make a remembrance of those events every year as far as I know
Either way he'd probably get judo chopped by putin
If they don't do something fast, they'll be in a very similar situation to ours :/
These are the actual things inside it - the video was shot in Bulgaria, on Vitosha mountain next to the Capital Sofia, with authentic Bulgarian kukeri and even more authentic Bulgarian models.
Gee, thanks, I didn't know
Everything
They gradually lowered the percentage of nicotine in the liquid until they were just vaping without any nicotine.
Erdogan says he is no dictator, but he sure acts like one.
Noone will undermine the UK with a bad trade deal on purpose, all people want is to make it clear that 'British exceptionalism' doesn't exist and you'll be treated as any other non-EU country that wants a trade deal.
this gives me hope
People living in apartments and being poor have no reason to make a lot of kids.
They are so finely tuned that they can't stop talking about skin color.
We call Serbs and pretty much every Slavic nation on the balcans 'Brate' - brother
I did not mean finding a job in London or any other economic center.
Thank you for this
Protest in solidarity with Romania, from Bulgaria
I knew that the french contemplate life even when shitfaced.
In Bulgaria it is generally negative, especially for the refugees.
We've always called you Чехия (Chehiya) so not much different on our side
He hasn't called for my extermination yet.
I learned that last one when I was flying aimlessly in Google Earth around the danube and I saw on the Wiki that Komarno and Komarom were one city but then after the dissolution of Austria-Hungary one part was left in Hungary and the other in (Czecho)Slovakia
It is because Bulgarians do not vote for ideologies and political concepts, but vote for "messiahs".
Happened to me more quite a few times
Be more specific than pointing at finance and demanding some mythical tax
What's the deal with childcare in Ireland
What did you gain by shitting all over your country ?
I don't like this map
I would use a train to Thessaloniki or Budapest
Yes in Russian as well as in Bulgarian is spelled like that: да. Ha det bra
Аvstro-Ungaria
You are more like Pennsylvania maybe
But I wouldn't call it friends, more like friendly
Third example is from an Italian guy I think he has been living here for 30 years, it feels like he has been living here for only a year
He'll, yeah
Nope, for example North Stream gas pipe was a direct deal between Russia and Germany.
LOL, price of the capital is the interest rates.
Americans may've invaded a place or two or ten, but occupation, no, don't think so
In the end what really links NATO countries is that they have to support each other in the event someone is attacked, although like you said there's   leeway there if you don't want to follow the spirit of the treaty
As (to my knowledge) it isn't finalised yet, what do you think the reprecussions are going to be
I haven't seen any animosity about Dobruja for a long while
It's not perfect but you have the direction right and I can only hope we will be able to catch up
>Russian Alphabet
Sure but my thinking with the Kurdish, from my limited understanding, they have Identity, what self determination and represent a big percentage of the population in certain areas.
We have open markets, supermarkets and local stores.
Hate to break it to you, but most people who don't consider brits european are the brits themselves.
But hey, our guy builds highways, eh
Now we have the same five guys dubbing every movie/show instead
Chances are she is going to loose the elections right?
I read and read and all I hear is
Now they will have to bear the consequences.
But it is entirely possible
There are many
Boris Johnson, Donald Trump, Vladimir P... Well maybe not him, but you get the point
Russian sucks so much at diplomacy.
[I love it
ayy one of my wallpapers
Religion - Yeah, that has no place in schools
haha, Boyko is the boss
I have had quite some time spent on EU4
The idea of what I wrote is that since the foundation of Bulgaria the name has always been Bulgaria and nothing else
It has dug too far into Bulgarian politics
They're just fucking with him because they're cops and cops clamp down on anyone who hates cops and expresses it publicly
We basically can't touch them until they start to be up for renewal in like 2025
I'm tired of half the parties in my parliament being paid by Russian gas money, and caring only about what Putin and his origarch gang say, rather about what bulgarian people say
Meanwhile the European Union: p-p-p-pwease s-s-stop that-t
The service actually stopped accepting packages after the 19th with the last truck leaving then
I can just feel my old English teacher glaring at me for this now haha
That looks like the drink of dreams
Jeez, these algorithms are getting really advanced
This continued in university where they just screwed with you instead
Currently the most economically important city in the Balkans and from a historical pov is one of the most important cities in the world
Our football hooligans and even some of the players are fucking morons but I don't remember stuff like that.
International affairs are a lot more complicated than that
You can prevent a continous mass migration of people from muslim countries towards your own if you want to avoid turning into a muslim society, which in itself i believe would be a step back from the cultural and political achievements of the dutch.
But more specifically they think that their kids will be taken away if they spank them (they really want to defend their "right" to hit their kids) or if their kid complains to someone that it's being abused and since according to them kids misunderstand and can't be trusted this will surely be the end of the "traditional Bulgarian family".
"Even with their high price and the advent of organic synthesis, rose oils are still perhaps the most widely used essential oil in perfumery."
Yours are liberal ( Democrats ) and conservative ( Republicans ).
The law is all there - it's just not enforced
It is not an old Bulgarian tradition, it is what people in that town started relatively recently to justify drinking in public on the 6th of January.
Yess
Tbh if it wasn't for your current situation with the toxic rulers I think you'd have been already in the EU
Оглеждам се като обран евреин. - "To look around like a robbed jew
I'm glad this is not a thing
Last/Family name - The name of the family, sometimes a profession or a name of an ancestor
Also students from other countries because our universities are cheaper
If Belarus gets integrated with Russia, it's game over for Bats'ka
Most unique/least contested/personal pick: Liutenica
They do not have the right of the self governing, nor the right to use their language in government or any other public matter.
It's often purchased with Ayran (yogurt drink) or Boza, that looks like chocolate milk, but it isn't. Try it only if you are brave
For me, without a formal education in the language, Russian is understandable when written but it's much more challenging when spoken
Salaries in Bulgaria are jokes if compared to cost of living.
Most things in the service industry, from food to movie tickets
The bleeding dry argument has no merit if you actually bother to check the statistics
The problem with your logic is you paint a picture whereby European countries have aggressively been taken over by economic means from the Russians, and are being cut off from the US against their will.
Tripe soup is magical but the smell is what *really* cures the hangover
I apologize, i am not sure i still follow.
Yet again, all we do now is speculating, in reality we do not know what the outcome of the negotiations will be.
Personally I don't think that there will be an outright war between my country and Serbia in the near future, but we definately aren't as close to them as our other neighbours
It's even better that it's a shit hole full of gypsies.
My dad, however prefers 17-21°. I don't understand it
The most common here is "zele" (cabbage) , but I've heard "marmalad " (marmalade) and "usmivka" (smile) as well
It's totally an absurd concept
In Bulgaria maybe the Trace region is the odd one out
I honestly don't understand why are we keeping them
And who decides what is fake news?
But a dozen kilometres yes
Sounds disgusting, but it is the most refreshing thing  thing in the summer
Immigration is a drop in the bucket amidst all that, especially because in some ways it's needed.
You need mechanisms to encourage people to acquire skills in occupation connected with tech stuff, rather than becoming waiters or kiosk owners.
America had relevance on the world stage only because Europe had PTSD from WW1 and WW2 and didn't want to play with politics outside the continent, not because Europe is less capable than America
Can we please stop the beard/flag trend.
Maybe you've missed them if you don't browse this sub daily
I didn't even talk about the way cities look like, the grey thing is mostly about the weather.
We're not holding millions of people of a particular group in an open air prison/zoo, in which case push back is understandable behavior from any conscious animal regardless of how hard you try to put it under your shoe, self respect mandates an attempt at reclaiming dignity.
They speak similar to our Bulgarian and honestly they are so cute when they speak it and I feel somewhat proud when I hear their version of the same language
Liberal democracy emphasize on personal rights, not on countries.
" without even taking a second to consider that hagelslag is not very popular *at all* outside of the Netherlands
That's would be an improvement probably.
And I don't think any French person would actually claim it
Some of them, like Sarkozy, have made a career out of how they will block Turkish membership even if the country meets all of its international obligations.
And the snowy mountains in the background create such contrast with the flowers.
I gave clear examples of those accusations.
Goddamnit that's how the cordyceps infection started
No, you are cringy
That Khan Krum destroyed all vineyards
1: Vote on which elements will be in it
It went nowhere and was largely seen as a joke/protest here
Everything will be simple and clear.
Interestingly, in Bulgaria we also use them for that
Western Europeans: Start the greatest war to ever grace the Earth
The EU is still an entity, one that enjoys it's existence and so do its non-British member states.
The UK instead of playing brinkmanship and cocky with the EU, better off do some efforts for smooth Briquit as i believe the EU will reply with the same will for civilized break up.
It's crazy to think this happened in the 90s and so geographically close
For all its problems(which are a lot) it's a better alternative than being in the sphere of influence of either of those two.
Are you implying anyone living in a place that is bad has automatically the right to come to Europe?
Most masters degrees are paid and actually quite expensive
I'm apologize to anybody who knows German
my parents live on that street, somewhere in the back of the photo
It's literally just a meme nowadays.
Trump's face says it all: "Dude, are those steroids even legal"?
> Unless you of course think that calls for boycotts validate sanctions
How does that harm anyone but themselves
I need to buy some Russian flags to go along with my Putin pajamas and fur robe.
But you probably earn in an hour more than the average Bulgarian does for a whole day
there are a growing number of those.
Look it up if you want
We have the friendliest angry people of Europe
As the structure above is already destroyed for good, the fallout shelter was abandoned but preserved
For example the tap water in Sofia is really good but the water in Plovdiv isn't and you have to drink bottled water, or you live in Pernik and have no water
Why, what did you think from glancing at the title?
And i personally don't know how that can be done.
All the more reason why I would not consider going to Paris in the near future.
Interesting
There were strikes such as roadblocks on major roadways, crossroads, highways and city entrances
I'd be logical to expect a Russian invasion if Belarus tries to get close to the West but can Russia afford to war with both of its neighbours and face much harsher sanctions?
France, Spain, Italy are good as well but less so on average.
Okay, so, here's the thing: high speed rail is a staple in Western and increasingly - Central Europe, but there is still no high speed rail connection to Bulgaria and Greece
Can't wait to see what will the Balkans look like
It's hard to believe that this shit has gained any traction but than again, looking at the other things those kinds of people believe explains the sad state of the American "left".
Woohoo, we are pretty proud of our empire
I fail to see how individual freedoms are against an equal society but ok
For some time the numbers on some maps wrongly assumed normal numbering
And we're part of a positive list for once
Please feel free to comment your opinion about this, whether you are from a country which had USSR influence or not (you can say your opinion from a 3rd perspective and what would you do with the monuments if this happened to you country)
Could not understand what you actually trying to say, but can detect you're trying to be sarcastic.
That's the bias and double standards i'm talking of, the blind trust that the far left is somehow more acceptable than the far right.
With the state of our military...
I recently learned that in the US you can get your internet shut off for simply downloading a new movie, and then Americans attacked me for being surprised at that.
You don't seem to grasp the simple concept that 100 years ago, when the above poster was made, race almost unoquivacally equalled a different cultural group.
It was created in Europe shortly after the Renaissance as an alternative way to organized society in order to replace the failing model of Medieval feudalism.
Also we went to Hilton for free and my teacher still greets my dad on the street because of that
Europe cannot have bad relations with both.
I guess Bulgaria is exotic for you :P
Because we're equal in front of the face of mother nature
The train system is expensive, goods and services require resources and someones time
You seem to be misinformed on what happened.
From what I found Russia does not spend more than the EU.
>What I heard was : people want more public services, and don't want poor people to pay for it, because it's unfair
That's how the EU is, the people there have dedicated their lives to writing regulation and it's the only think they are capable of, to them it's an instinct
Why not try our local version for double the confusion triple the cringe
Yes, but the Orthodox Easter was this weekend, so we get the 3rd off and the 4th off as well because the 1st was on a Saturday
Also you have to check up Graf Ignatiev str
To use so desperately whatever my nationality you believe is against my argument here means you believe in ancestral and national guilt that should dictate what rights they have to speak today based on what their ancestors or members of their nations did, correct?
However since they joined the Eurozone, they gave up part of their fiscal sovereignty and they can no longer default or inflate their currency on their means.
I bet nobody in the world can comprehend that.
It's generally people who know foreign languages and who are more connected to the outer world that have a better chance of realising this stuff
I don't see anthropological arguments as a basis to make current governance
I really think that they can be the place from which a more modern and tolerant kind of Islam emerges, or at least I hope so.
They also have to take them in no matter what the refugees want.
Френска любов. - "French love
I gotta tell you the only thing the Academy of arts speciazes in is producing alcoholics
Oh boy the things I've seen
Croatian - Hvala
well, vote properly on the referendum then :)
If your knowledge matches your years of experience, you'll find a company in Europe willing to sponsor you.
Can't think of another country that has a former PM on the board of Rosneft- so blatantly working for Russia
I’ve never drunk tap water in my life, actually, if we’re out of bottled, I would rather not drink even if I’m thirsty, than drink the disgusting tap water
It's a common misconception that the winters will now be nice and warm
Large regions in Russia were affected, so certainly many Russians died.
Our own cultural context is *very* rich
I approve
Britain and France did a lot of dumb moves at the time but nothing like that
To be honest even now I can't tell if the standard is British English or US English
>And I think you're wrong
You may have perfected it but you did not invent it
Well, any violation could be twisted to the purpose.
Make a blind test with your family.
Games like CS:GO, Apex Legends, Fortnite and more are free2play, because lootboxes exist
Such western superiority, wow
It's been better for the past few years, but if you go to a North Macedonian news website and see the comments (which I can easily understand, as the languages are nearly identical), it's... harsh
Ketchup and mayonnaise is a bit rare, I think.
Well, when in Rome
It can still have being stolen as a part of its history in Greece
The French Revolution was by far one of the most benefitial things to happen in human history.
Going bellow 2008 levels after he became president and started his reforms, as well as plans to slash corporate tax rate
Yeah but with a G which is a different thing.
The guy just does not give a shit :D.
I also know Dutch people who pay rent to their parents since their 14s. Meanwhile in Bulgaria 30 and still with your parents is relatively common
I tried searching for a tax right off or even direct subsidies but could not find anything really
If you care so much buy a fucking ticket and come here.
Ah ok, sorry, thank you for clearing that up
What else is different in your alternate universe, apart from Bulgaria not bordering Turkey and Serbia being even potentially a threat to Bulgaria
It's defined as brandy, different distilling method
I remember asking dad if Aachen was in East Berlin
I'd like an explanation for Greece's hatred on Jews.
Now it slides down to mediocre one.
Look it up if you want
Further more, Australia is not neighboring areas with large populations like Europe.
Tens of thousands of comments daily, only a few sources (actual people).
I thought the false flag morons were only in America watching infowars and reading breitfart.
If you look at what's been happening with the Kurdish population, there has been a civil war for a long time.
You know, like paying protection money...
Absolutely deranged people here have this idea that some mystical Nazis are out to get them, whining about upvotes, how this sub is right-wing, etc all the while each of their retarded post gets upvoted in the hundreds
I work online now and make a very decent chunk of money out of my education
Emperor Nicephoros, not a great emperor really, but a decent cup
Just think about that
And even though they don't have their own country,the stark ethnic differences between the gypsies and the ethnicity of the country they reside can't be glossed over
I look at it and it is completely incoherent - funny LOL!
Naah, bro, the Turks are already in Viena
) but I personally rarely see that happen
That's almost like a primitive UBI
My name is Anand the non-syrian Syrian refugee.
Sure, to which bank office i am supposed to be sending all fishes, squids and octopuses i catch?
I need literally 1 second on the internet to show you a number of girls that look better than any woman born on your island.
Like I said: dirt cheap debauchery
Should be the ol' reliable "Maika ti deeba"
That's rookie numbers, my backpack was over 6kg when I was 8
Other countries like Poland, even though devastated by the nazi and by the soviets ( to a certain degree ) have learned to live with the memory of the past, while solving today's problems and looking with bright eyes in the future.
Mister or miss Trucidator said it is a European Commission stuff, not the Brits.
I shake hands with men that are not within my ring of closest people, and the same goes for women as well
It's defined as brandy, different distilling method
There is also a difference in infrastructure cost between public transport defined as metros and bus routes etc, and traveling between cities
On top of the normal budget
Mmmm cyka blyat, are you speaking Russian ?
The only peaceful way to end such a regime is by somehow convincing the majority of people to strike
I think there are "brothels" but they are in the clubs.
and few others
The Kurds that will be a majority in Turkey at some point this century, heval?
I'm sorry, but shit like this dwarfs Eastern European corrupt politicans
This dude is almost as famous as levski
If all of Europe closes their borders to them, they can't come here.
On top of the normal budget
It's so great to see things like this
What you mean by the expression - they're easy to come by?
It encourages bad practices such as rent seeking via indefinite copyright extension and patent trolling.
What's more fucked up is what happens after that
All you need to know is that it passed a million trials of fire and survived.
I don’t really know if it’s still like this though
Don't look at USA, Canada or Australia.
It is impressive to me, that's why i took the shot.
The girl opened the box and inside
You have to admit tho, that's a pretty gangsta move
He's all yours
1)Byzantine Empire - we had a bunch of wars and we made them pay us
Meet me at the bar, I'm buyin'!
This is European racial politics, through and through.
Switching from a proportional system for your lower house elections to a majority two round one?
Check out the Soviet union or our countries during the Cold War.
It's one of the most spoken languages in Europe
So yeah, train travel is very affordable
That is the reason they can afford to live on child support and handouts from the government.
The four fundamental freedoms are freedom of movement of goods, services, capital and people.
I almost fell of my chair when I saw the statue with underwear.
Russia and Germany agreed to build a gas pipe which will deliver exclusively for German clients.
Yes, but i don't see such big amount of articles regarding Germany or France, both big economies and major players in Europe.
We can still hope, at least
The hundreds have a unique name - “сто” (sto)
Sorry, I thought you were being sarcastic.
Reform of employment tribunals
We were also part of the Byzantine empire for around 150 years between the 1st and 2nd Bulgarian empires, that's why they are two empires
It would be a repetition of the Second Balkan War all over again where Bulgaria, Greece and Serbia fought each other viciously because they couldn't split the Turkish territories they took over.
It seems that Macron's liberalization reforms actually did help the unemployment rate
Oh, right, you won't understand
I very much doubt whoever was on the ground pushing the button though he was downing a flying tube with civilians
Готов или не, аз идвам or Готов или не, ето ме, идвам OR Готов или не, идвам!
they know what they did
So, if I wanted to be optimistic, I'd say now's the time for the Pirates to shine and show they can be a strong and capable opposition, securing themselves more seats during the next election.
All my homies gtfo off Sofia to someplace else thanks to covid enabling them to work remotely
>I wouldn't call it primarily defensive
There was at least one *beheading* by an angry mob.
I thought you hated oppressive unions?
fun fact: it's true, read more ya greekz
No reaction at all
Even after the break up of the Soviet Union, even after all the economical turmoil, Russia was and still is a world power.
Removing all of the external female genitalia, as barbaric as it is, still leaves the woman capable of having kids (they wouldn't do it if it didn't).
Еби му майката Or боклук грозен Or в на майка ти устата Or пичка ти лелина Or маамкаму or да ти се невиди и "     " Or да ти еба майката Or курва Or шибан "insert profession " Or еби се Or боклук or деба твойта мама дееба Or бастун. But yeah по дяволите works
In Bulgaria we mosly say
I hope you guys win your fight with corruption!
In fact it seems a lot of people in France like to vote to the right side of spectrum
For me it's completely distant language but it's pleasant and melodic.
Will not recommend to anyone to be immigrant in Europe, just go to Europe, work, save up enough so you can start something or buy something in your country and leave.
>You really don't need an IT class as long as you know English and YouTube
Mission accomplished :D
I agree, the real perpetrator is Adolf Trump Jesus a.k.a.
That's what I expect to hear really, that basically everyone is wet and or sweaty but nobody cares
I don't understand anything from it and I can't see any other similar letters
If I am not mistaken
If you get pulled over by the cops and there are 4 people in the car and only 3 open drinks
The poor infrastructure means you had better have a durable car because you *will* incur damage
Does the US need to be mentioned here
I have no wish to be treated as a second class citizen and to deal with xenophobic remarks.
At least what we can do is try and document as much of it as possible so that it can never die out
Romanian beer is great, or at least much better than Bulgarian lagers - e.g.
(There were activities like baseball, baking, talent show, treasure hunt, etc)
I'm ok with that
As you probably know, cause you're norwegian, one can not carry heavy or professional cameras up in the mountains.
These are generally seen as resistance fighters or partizans who fought against Turkish occupation
* Japanese, because I like hentai
Jumping on this thread to present this [masterpiece]
VI VON
It's highly simplistic and colloquial.
Fixed the Gallup part and added some disclaimers.
Good engineering
I think it was somewhere in Budva?
Everyone being rich, cultured/rude, racist and probably more I've heard
That the US is more dangerous than Europe was obvious without statistics
Only Muslim  countries get to avoid WTO penalties and act like nothing had happened if things normalise
At this time of the year there not many tourists around.
I can go out anytime for jogging/running.
That's how I see it
". The university doesn't really matter
Dude, ambassadors can be rejected without explanations.
Russia has a GDP smaller than Italy.
Come on :P y'all are already so big
Isn't the grand duke of Luxemburg a bourbon?
Of course, no consequences, they are part of the ruling coalition after all
Han Krum,
Might as well call yourself New Angola and join the African Union instead.
It’s totally different if it’s cold but a clear sunny day
Amazing times
Russia and Turkey are destined to be competitors as history has shown.
From which part of Germany did you import it
Pretty sure the answer is "Everyone".
We can all dream about our past glory and the lands we used to have but that does no one any good.
Come to Bulgaria : same as the above described in quality, but cheaper than Medditeranean or Caribbean destinations whilst being safer than Turkey or Egypt.
I'd say every political side has its brain-dead conspiracy theories or ideas that float around and are more prevalent on the fringes.
good stuff
Easily remains one of the biggest songs of this century here
Belarus police is torturing illegally detained citizens
Real sad Dutch noises
Privacy who needs that, right
I always liked to say kill one bullet with two rabbits due to how well it rhymed (or flowed I guess) in Bulgarian
Will pour wine in the glass and wait to for some very devoted Brexiteer to knock on his nerves LOL.
1 lev - crap Lavazza capsule coffee from a street kiosk, 10 leva - lunch main course in the city center, 100 leva - two monthly public transport passes or three months of gigabit internet
>Since Turkey has been fuming at China non stop
I am waiting for this pandemic to finish to make my bucketlist and ride an ICE from Berlin to Frankfurt
How much time did this take you?
> This hypocrisy and ungratefulness is actually generated from the top
It all depends on the manufacturer.
It's not surprising that the flag was rejected by an overwhelming majority
Since April, Serbia is our only neighbour that isn't a member of NATO
A fake news disclaimer should suffice.
These ideas don't work in France, they never did, they never will
In general slavic "gore" means up or heigh, so it makes sense it should be used for a mountain which is generally up
Our entire language is impossible for foreigners but I feel like this word isn't even that bad
They are by far the main genetic sources of modern Bulgarians, followed by slavs.
Now is there anyone on this sub to explain me, how is that possible?
so what *do* you drink then - Gösser?
Not to mention that this will allow Thessaloniki to become the African entry port for shipping
The Bulgarian one is very very wrong
And once on EU soils they claim asylum.
They're not all mobsters, he said yesterday that some of them are contrabandists too
Cons: Very incompetent politicians, Corruption, Extremely low wages, high taxes, a lot of iliterate people who can be very aggressive, Not a lot of historical places and such(because during our 500 year long ottoman rule we were slaughtered our houses burned etc
This guy went through all the ancient libraries of all the few Christian monasteries of Bulgaria to try and find some historic info on who the Bulgarians were
And her name was translated as, I shit you not, Urshula lyoguin(read as you see)(Уршула Льогуин)
I was really lucky to have good foreign teachers and history teachers who were adamant on approaching history critically
Is it because of this that RTX 3060 Ti prices are so high in Europe (when there is availability of course)
Yes
[The Red Church near Perushtitsa] \- of late Roman, early Byzantine origin
I knew I have heard your name before, it just took me a few minutes to realise I actually voted for you :D I am surprised to see you on reddit and hope to see Save Sofia on the next elections as well
OP asked about the most probable one, not one with actual high chances to invade
Just regular butter
In Sofia I would say Vitosha bul
More like our little cousin who is in his rebelious teenager phase
Try again
But yet French residents are against them, why, why fear change
So for example "all" in his speech would be spelled as "'сичко", instead of "всичко".
Found it really strange how some people are such big fans of their club
I had been to saunas before but this was on a when different level
The blood will be cleaned off the ruins eventually, after all.
I just remembered another one
Easiest to find are various Irish and Belgian beers.
She is wonderful, thank you
I'm a subway boi
For some reason I am reminded of
* Svetlomir(a)
You are comparing apples and oranges.
Ukraine, with population of 45 million, is the largest country in Eastern Europe aside from Russia.
We almost always use Holland, Great Britain is the most common one and the term "yank" isn't really used, maybe you can hear it in sports.
I posted a question here to see what people think.
It baffles me how the EU don't have something simular
But see just because you think my opinion is that of another person doesn't make it so
Yes I've noticed that, however because English is my second language and I learned it primarily by reading than listening, unlike native speakers, I associate it strongly with the spelling of the word, so I have to consciously think about how to pronounce it
Why wouldn't Greece be part of the Balkans
Not talking about it can only help an employer to hire people on different wages for same or similar positions
From what i understood your claim is that people who supported Trump either:
The ruling didn't say anything about the legality of the secession of Kosovo.
I play Hearthstone sometimes, although i mostly watch others play as it is more entertaining, and I'm looking forward to a Kotor remaster.
How much more moderate would you make it by printing money
I believe the photo is taken at Schloss Nymphenburg in Munich
I fail to see how individual freedoms are against an equal society but ok
There are various folk songs (some of dubious authenticity) detailing different freedom fighters against the Ottomans, going all the way back to the last Tzar before the medieval kingdom was conquered
Usually at the end of June 30 degrees are the norm here
Armenians did have the upper hand initially because of Russia.
I know there's one in Spain
Indeed
To make sure that, what we take now is given back to you in the future
"Everyone I don't agree with is an idiot!"
And that's why I want them to be part of BULGARIA
The only way for this to happen is a specialized tax, similar to how we do health care
haha, Boyko is the boss
Forgive my ignorance, but did the UK move people into some Northern Ireland regions to secure the land?
When you get to Rome you get two countries for the price of one
Unless I am trying a specific achievement I usually end up playing with Sweden, one of the Germanic princes (if in the north I go for Prussia of course), Japan or Ethiopia
Здравей, казвам\* се\*\* Джон, удоволствие е да се\*\* запознаем. Откъде си?
Now I notice that the title says EU, so Greece after all, maybe
What's more I used to rent a flat in Hilltown haha
And isn't diplomacy is the art of making abhorrent people like you?
Haha yeah
It's the definition of a privilege that you want for free
"Айдемир" - "Aydemir" has Turkish etimology and it does not mean what you have described.
So we're the only EU country where coal has grown over this period
Because that's how you get invaded and "freed"
Napoleon had already lost more than half of his Grand army when he entered Moscow, was cut off from supplies from his military depos in Lithuania, and had been lured deep into Russia against his goals or initial plans, which had been to merely meet the Russian Tsar and his army near Vilnius to defeat them and force the Continental sustem.
In fact they were complaining cause they had to work during the season and once tourists left, they made a celebration.
It will count
It's a nice country for vacations
The Balkans were fairly peaceful when the term was coined
There is absolutely nothing in common between the British Empire and the EU.
But there is also the phenomenon called [the wisdom of crowds] There is compound intelligence when you aggregate many people together even if the average person may be quite stupid.
The celebration is an odd one - a cross is thrown in the river from a priest and young men swim or run (depending on how shallow it is) in the water to race and retrieve it
We were taught about the history of every region in Europe
**Czech** - 5% - 10% - Gibberish for the most part, with the occasional familiar word
This is heartbreaking
It's way more common on the seaside than by a pool
There's literally a district in Plovdiv named "The Trap". As the name suggests, it's very popular with tourists
Accepting people from outside was not on the table.
I've never in my life seen a documentary about the good things the nazi or the Kaiser did.
One dislike a country as a whole.
Hahaha, how nice of you
That Khan Krum destroyed all vineyards
Turkey is in Asia
Urban transport
We sometimes call the Germans "шваби" which in Bulgarian means people from Schwaben
Spanish - Gracias
Not really anything to do other than drinking either
Let's say that we are the most corrupted country in Europe
one in 30 women
Then you have to deal with the consequences.
You are allowed to keep the pound instead of the euro and London was built to be the financial heart of the EU
I speak 4 languages, in both oral and written level and i use 3 alphabets for those languages without being oxford educated, and not even working with people.
You are confusing Pskov with [Pechory]
To make every participant strong, for the greater good
The biggest difference is the almost crippling shortage of kindergartens and nurseries
In the EU you get not 1, not 2 but 3 Steps to influence a bill
So, I will start with Bulgaria:
Came here for the first time in several months, and the sub's changed a lot.
Cause you know what, in any interest there is a risk component.
So thats how he looks like, no wonder he doesn't want to be drawn, also the meth explains a lot
It is irrelevant if i give you example of Russia fighting the nazi aggression or any other.
In the Netherlands we still have Geert Wilders, in France we still have Marine Le Pen and in Bulgaria we had Volen Siderov
Pretty much but your justice system is better working than ours
Try 970 million dead in 2 years.
Russophile politicians loved this move and a lot of them used it as ammunition against the EU
We also have a "meme" kinda phrase - "Bulgaria on three seas
Are you a professional botanist or is it your hobby?
Got nothing to do with the Euro and Germany.
Oh well, can't win them all I guess
Actually 80% of Catalonians voted "Yes" for independence
Sausages, cevapi and burek are all superior to our versions there
Probably Romanians and Serbians do know something.
OP also mentioned in a comment that it can be a ruler born on the territory of the present day state (from a predecessor state)
>What I heard was : people want more public services, and don't want poor people to pay for it, because it's unfair
Or it could be that a relatively small group is reponsible for a disproprtionate number of issues?
He very well knows what he is talking about.
Yavorov then tried to shoot himself in the head but the bullet went through his temporal bone, he survived the suicide attempt but was left blind
I never remember those two apart
Buddy I think we got the right to call ourselves that
Wasn't the entire town burned down?
So one thing led to another and I won in my category (the girl from my school didn't win), so I was basically going alone to nationals
You really don't need amazing programmers for primary education.
For the other events we have some military parades
The names were "Няма такава държава" ("There's no country like this", it's kind of like expressing outrage at how bad things are) and "Има такъв народ" ("There's a people like this" which sounds pretty hopeful actually)
Let me tell you a little secret, just between you and I.
Well the police beat up a  teen while hiding behind a wall so it isnt public but it was recorded anywas so this sparked a lot of negativity  ... and the prime minister is still full of shit with no dignity to resign
[Kaloyan, Greek Slayer] his later Bulgarian equivalent.
> Cost: £232
degree of relation to them: mom, dad, aunt, uncle, grandma, grandpa, big sis
Why don't you read the pdf that you link.
Unfortunately Turkey is looking with suspicious the Kurdish fighters as they presume Kurds can be serious threat, hence they do not support them and prevent to certain extent further Kurdish advance in power.
And after the Brequit vote - anti-British sentiment started to show up.
Baseball hat to hide my ugly head
In soviet times it was known as the rule of the КАМАЗ. Nowadays it's known as the "black SUV" right of way
That is suprising as salaries in Russia are a fraction of the French.
So I'm not sure
C++ - If I could automatically understand pointers, memory allocation and all that jazz, that would be amazing
Your pension should come from your own contributions to a retirement plan (USA).
From my limited view both sides would like that to happen, but y'know
Well, his wife is Half-Bulgarian, so he had his Father-in-Law to teach him :)
They work in salads, sauces and meals
You have come across some less educated fellow Bulgarians
Personally I will not cry if the influx of drunken British hooligans in Bulgaria decreases.
След като Джон отиде в една кръчма минавайки през тъмната гора, той откри, че си е забравил парите.
Belgium, you can keep him
We have a more popular holiday on the same date (6th of Jan) which is St.
The Norwegians decided that the strength of their fishing industry is more important than having voting rights, so they stay out
Not a particular desire of mine but if it suits them, why not?
They're cool, too
The EU makes Europe a very strong power in international affairs, be it economic ones, political ones or social ones
And of course the president of Bulgaria must be a Bulgarian citizen by birth
Damn, seems like the dutchies are more sensitive to their might than anything Erdo said about them.
What the fuck, state railways can have profits?!
If nothing else, this will reduce the parties from 8 to 4-5 in the next parliament.
Bucharest standing out
How is he not a better candidate?
Every single food place regardless of general theme, also had this in the menu
&#x200B;
All members need to agree to someone joining, and you can see that Spain won't be best pals with Catalonia and they would most likely say no
To be fair I like the Bulgarian way of dinner far better than the soulless "eat and get out" style of the Dutch
AFAIK article 11 prevents people from showing thumbnails and snippets of news articles, like facebook and google do, but the hyperlinks themselves are fine
For example Завет may also mean a place sheltered from the winds.
That would be Louis XIV, who sat on the throne for 72 years
And if you read my comments you'll notice i use American English, not the British version.
In Bulgaria, we have a layout called Bulgarian Phonetic, which basically maps out the Cyrillic letters to a corresponding latin character
Serbians do have positive feelings about Chinese
I do not have the feeling i live in ANY Empire.
You don't have the right to put someone in jail because you're offended by what they said.
Another pointless statistic that tells us what we already know: Eastern Europe is poor - Western Europe rules
Now imagine you're born with a gash between your legs that bleeds every month
Looking at the ranking It does seem to be at least a part of it.
[Hellenic Statistical Authority - GDP]
That's how it's always been since humans have existed.
Judging by the red brick, design and location i'd wager good money this was built by the Teutonic Knights actually, so it would be German castle.
I think that's precisely what they're running from.
Is it possible to start a tread called - Flowers of Europe?
> Do Turks in Bulgaria now have all Bulgarian names
I am sure most of them are joking
Politicians of misty island, they have the right to warn the Brits.
Too Balkan for you , westerners
Parliament is currently at 240, I believe, and they recently gave themselves a raise
For modern chalga that's popular/good:
There could be a great demand for biological researchers, but there might also be a great supply of biological researchers, so wages dont go above what companies or the government are willing to pay for them
Well they are curently trying to start sex ed in 3rd grade
A rival has to be at least semi-equal to you
Also had the un-sugarcoated versions of the Grimm Brothers fairy tales
currently this is no place to run a business or have children
There are quite a few humorous videos around the internet of people asking them simple questions, and then filming their answers.
I don’t understand the whole race classification thing
For all we know it can be filled with the same type of people as the patriots.
What you talk about is - Turkey invading Bulgaria, which is a completely different issue.
I mean, parking spaces reserved only for rich people seems like a worse alternative
What exactly did we try to conquer/take from you
The names of the countries in English aren't the "official" ones
There have been some policies aimed at bringing Bulgarian diaspora back in the country, but with little success
As the structure above is already destroyed for good, the fallout shelter was abandoned but preserved
Also
Didn't only some NATO members bomb Serbia
The supplier will try more and more questionable ways to squeeze money out of the buyer and the buyer will still buy like a sheep
Desperate to show evidence of reform?
I think this is from the Zheravna festival
Decreased for 20 years with around 20k to 30k people
These people on the streets, as well
Outgoing president warns Bulgaria may lose EU Presidency
We mostly studied Bulgarian history, a big portion was about battles with the Byzantines or about the Ottoman occupation period.
You know these lists like "What the British say and what they really mean"?  Yeah, we do it too and everything in this lists is usually very obvious to me
Byzantium
Let's get together have a few rakias!
A TV show host/singer made a political party
Paisi hilendarski (paisius of the Hilendar monastery): so first take into account that Bulgaria was under Turkish occupation for 500 years
Look in good health, well fed and apparently playful.
In 8th grade, I would learn only French, Math, Bulgarian, IT, Music, Art and PE
The answer was a sick burn by google.
Very often actually
I don't think they are skewed, as in following intentional agenda.
Meanwhile in the US
He proposes to increase the rate of the so-called Contribution Sociale Généralisée by 1
We also have a ton of Chinese food shops and we don't post stuff about China, right
Can confirm
Who are you trying to fool that everything in your country is rosy and daisy
And after several years compare.
just the cat is different color
Yes, I agree with your statement.
Rakhia(ракия)it tastes like fruit flavored fire to me but otherwise its fruit flavored vodka
Props to the Ukranian government and to Babchenko
So leave the EU as soon as possible.
That's hilarious because it's exactly how you get approved for government contracts in Bulgaria
Oh well, can't win them all I guess
The state could offer a sum of money to any company that finds a vaccine for the coronavirus, this way there for sure are going to be companies willing to develop a vaccine because of the reward and the competitiveness of the market would still be there, so costs would be low
You can't only get benefits
I don't know for my current city, but the name of the city I where I was born and raised translates to loud/noisy
Those three ethnicity gradually merged and created a homogeneous nation.
No i meant that i am pretty sure that a lot of the Europeans that say that people from texas ride horse to school are most likely not from a city or really *not smart*. I wonder why would educated americans think this way about France and probably other parts of Europe though
Buy as many tickets as you wish, and visit the UK as many times as you want.
Wait wut 0:46 Did he just say Че съм войник-Che sym voinik(i am a soldier in bulgarian)
North Macedonia
For whatever reason we saw that usually lots of forests are on mountains, so we started calling forests гори (plural)
Yes, we are not destroying the planet, but ourselves and the flora and fauna
A lot of them have never spent any real time there beside being tourists
Mayo
I very much doubt the US can't get any high level info from Russia so maybe they were just lucky to get this one.
No, you're not
Wouldn't it be nice if we could strike some kind of global deal to combat tax evasion by for example taxing profits in the place they were really generated?
" or "Photo Shop Tutorial". You really don't need an IT class as long as you know English and YouTube
Then you put it in the microwave on grill until the sides are a little burned.
- A 403sqm house in the suburbs - [example]
Tension in Bulgaria's Harmanli Refugee Camp Escalates
Basically guerilla fighters from that time period (19th century) against Ottoman tyranny (or law, depending on the POV)
Yes
I've heard that in some places it's normal for a prostitute to come to you at the bar or somewhere, but I've personally never had this experience here.
We sometimes call it "The white house" because a lot of bathrooms used to be white in past
The
Sounds super corny, but I feel we don't believe that Bulgaria and Bulgarians can do good stuff and the result is a mix of self-hatred and nationalism :D
They are easing the terms, and are waiting Greece to show it wants real change
You should know that "Most Bulgarians are Gypsies
Not upset, I just find it funny that someone from Ireland thinks that way of country like Russia, which is widely accepted as one of the countries with most beautiful women on earth.
Yet, you won't see AfD getting in power in Germany.
It's slowly getting better
Bulgaria had an empire - this is a historic fact
They got some boats doe
Even though we were allies with Hitler and part of the Axis Powers, we didn't send a single Jew to the concentration camps, although Hitler put pressure on us to do so
designating professions (ex
Which part of the country are you from?
I have currently returned 4yx2k+2yx6k= 20k in taxes so I am pretty close
Mayor as well as the municipality council are democratically elected, and they have banned the march.
>and cause moderate inflation
Hypocrisy has nothing to do with this because they aren’t the same situation
Every single food place regardless of general theme, also had this in the menu
People angry about Brexit and people who think there are cultural differences between the nations in the UK
Interesting when Bulgaria was released from the  ottoman empire it was separated in to two parts one is the kingdom of Bulgaria and the other was East romelia so the Turks called us Romans for 20 years
Otherwise it's pretty spot on haha
> Muslim leaders have been to these camps
Amazing
If it's English (as is true for most), I play in English
So 28 should be the current Bulgarian president?
I find Europeans to be very prejudiced against the US, thinking they're better, more cultured, more friendly, etc
I think the former, looking at Turkey's score ;)
> Since we know the Nazis would never go back on their word
The stereotypical image of police is greedy cops hiding behind the bushes with a radar, just waiting for someone to fine.
Just because they're connected doesn't mean they're automatically wrong when they write that Eurozone economy is doing better.
[cucumbers]
Best way of social distancing: Put people into small islands
Can you source your bleeding dry argument
There is so much unnoticed beauty around us!
Already 30 degrees every day in my city, make it 40 next month, good luck
But it didn't shrink compared to 2015.
It only shrank quarterly, there's yearly growth.
Many people know about how the Danes stood up for their Jews during the Holocaust but so did the Bulgarians
On the right side of the picture.
>What would be demands in a European country
Good job neighbors, fuck 'em, send them straight to jail
IM DELETING YOU, DADDY!😭👋 ██]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]] 10%complete.....
IIRC We screwed ourselves over with the contracts with the fossil plants
Unlike the "west", there is no chance of a far right party winning elections in here.
Yes, we should change all existing rules for the liking of the special snowflake...
It's not some "white power,people with darker skin are inferior" thing
Every president has had to compromise *a lot*, and this one will have to do it even more so.
I personally chose to separate the actions of a state from its people in places where there's no direct democracy.
And the feeling is great, tbh
You don't represent the left wing commie, stop imposing your shit.
How to call small platic bags
But that’s my opinion ofc
It's called Islam/Muslim societies, and it prevents people from fully assimilating - i.e.
Australian-style immigration system with quotas, which put closer to European societies above the others.
There's one place where a Slavic state has invaded another right now, and it's not the Balkans
Next the EU functions nothing like the BeNeLux
that sounded familiar
* the name must not be offensive to the Bulgarian nation or state - it can’t be Bulgarochtonos etc
And that is exactly the reason why the UK is one of the most obese nations in the world
at that point they were already mixed up whit the slavs
I also am fairly burnt from the West
I'm guessing most of this was funded by Turkey, since it has interests in that city and Georgia would pretty much sell out to anyone interested that is not Russia at this point
You see, Hungary did it's part without funding, they installed fences pretty quick when shit hit the fan.
Is EarthPorn leaking
I remember being a kid ~20 years ago and “koledari” coming to our village house and singing on Christmas eve
Sometimes I think I live in an alternative reality
I do not compare the roots of the crisis in EE and Greece, not even communism and populism.
Pogroms on minorities were worse alone
Now a couple million Saudi dollars might change that, but I am optimistic.
For example, I can write "Yesterday I bought my first dildo" and you now have no idea what kind of mental image to have about it
If you can write something more about the pictures, it'll enlighten me.
When you get to Rome you get two countries for the price of one
I always knew rocky was one of us
The same holds true for European politicians.
Perhaps the major reason you'd consider him unimportant is because you're not a army officer?
On wifi I get about 450-500mbps
Still makes it Bulgarian though otherwise the Greek or Latin alphabet doesn't exist either :P
some considerable amount of people who have been calling themselves Turks in Bulgaria actually being Pomaks
I see it as absolute freedom of speech before the law.
[In Bruges (2008)]
It will be a clash with values of democracy and hopefully its own citizens will rise again in protests.
Fully 70% of undergraduates, says the ministry, fail to complete their degree in three years
BSP (Bulgarian Socialist Party) and DPS (Movement for Rights and Freedoms) should be added for Bulgaria.
Also in 1990s i believe EU and NATO signed a pact with the Soviet Union not to expand in some countries like the Baltics and Ukraine
Russia was a humiliated and ruined great power
They are part of Greco-Roman civilisation and usually especially before the financial crisis Greece was way richer and part of western world unlikely the rest of the Balkans
You've been very inspirational, Romania.
Hopefully you're a Russian troll because even Trumpers should know better.
Well looking at the number of players La liga has, its not that large - 485 players, and second league is 533
Really beautiful place with plenty of architecture from various periods
Anti EU, very pro Russia
The names were "Няма такава държава" ("There's no country like this", it's kind of like expressing outrage at how bad things are) and "Има такъв народ" ("There's a people like this" which sounds pretty hopeful actually)
We have singers who add phrases that they barely even understand, butcher the grammar and pronunciation, and the idea is that it's "cool".
As i wrote - open marxists are in positions of power in places like Spain and there's zero uproar as there would be if there were open nazis, or as there is for the far-right populists.
I mean, if what I'm hearing is true and big boy Boyko is trying to set his deals with the Russians so nobody can reverse them after, he has all the reasons to hold onto power
Most are gypsies with Bulgarian or Romanian citizenship.
To be fair, we could go a bit further back, to the Bolshevik Coup - without it there wouldn't be the massive hysteria and fear of the same across Europe which caused many segments of society to back the far right in both Italy and Germany.
Cyberpunk is a term used to describe a specific form of science fiction
Who invades and annexes territories from their neigbour?
They are boldly going where no other space agencies have gone before.
Way too hot
You live in your own deranged, messed up world
I don't believe in god and I still will plant a christmas tree in the room and someone being mad at it won't change anything.
because they are...if you believe that theres a floating man in the sky thats good for you but it IS stupid(from a scientific point of view )and having 90%+ of these people isnt a good stat
The American society doesn't reflect my values and the job opportunities I have in other countries, are far superior than those in the US
Most major cities have well preserved ruins, because they were major hubs in the past too - some started by the Romans, others continued from Thracian, Greek or even more ancient settlements
Britain took course for hard Briquit as May announced in her speech.
I live in a small town in the Bulgarian north-west.
e: shit that's not a building
One guy he went to basic training with was a chess wizard, and he could beat anyone with his back turned
Most normal/ typical - any town in and around the Balkan mountains (Kazanlak, Koprivshtica, Gabrovo, etc
Spoken I can understand the jist of it but it takes a lot of focus to follow and won't work all the time
A symbol of confiscating private property and destroying people's most basic rights of free enterprise, free movement, free expression and free economic relations.
The thread is about British support of terrorism in the middle east.
What do you use
If the claims in those papers linked, summed also in the comment below by the Monaco guy, are true - then yes, they should thank the French.
I don't think such stats exist, Bulgaria had to stop recording such things as part of EU joining process
As you can see, Greece has kept 5x of the cargo just as safe
You fascinate me, so who do you support?
Yee Haw
Who fucking won
NOOO
Members are free to do that, other NATO members just aren't obligated to follow them
When you think about it, WW3 didn't happen, which is good.
Everything that is being done is justified - at least by the doer at the time of the doing.
:)  But in Russian you would immediately know my gender
Wow beautiful
Jewish jokes
If we talk about commercial vehicles...i can not say anything, just don't know.
true story
They are ideas but they are not in vacuum.
Well I feel stupid because I don't see 2.1% there?
Yes, we cooked an egg omelet once
We have a city named Pernik near the capitol, and people always joke that you"ll get beaten up if you go there
|Architecture|University of Architecture, Civil Eng
If i had to "move" then probably Serbia cause it's right next to us, the language is similar, and i think prices are the same.
Can the government of Kosovo refuse entry to this train?
The reforms I linked are regarding entry requirements and modernizing the University system
Like tipping a nail artist or hair dresser
It wouldn't be controversial if they were just born abroad, but if they had longstanding connection with another country, it would definitely be controversial
This resulted in a non-verdict
Put them in concentration camps?
3k but let me indulge you)
People from all over the country move here for university and work, or they go abroad
How is it better
It's far too easy to get power and money-hungry when you rise through the political ranks without any fear of punishment.
", even though they can be a little embarrassed
Is there a P I R A T E behind that door?
This
I don’t really know if it’s still like this though
I don't really use it but if I'm searching for a something related to Bulgaria I prefer using the Bulgarian version
>The new French bac, which will be awarded for the first time in 2021, will look more like the school-leaving exam in other European countries, where continuous assessment represents a big chunk of the final grade, and subject specialism, such as for British A-levels, is common
Everything else like working for the well-being of the people, preparing and voting for proper legislation and dealing with long term problems and strategies, comes in second or third place.
the finnish word for plumber is also bulgarian for "pussy cleaner"
Me as well
Also as far as I know Merkel doesn't give tea with polonium to her enemies, as one (ex-)KGB agent does.
Also comes from the root of the world for Bulgarian, because the church accused the Bulgarian anti-establishment sect Bogomils of sodomy in order to destabilize them.
There is literally no reason for Montenegro to be outside the union.
Look at us
In fact the most famous hotel (Marina) and best regarded hospital (Tokuda) in Bulgaria are Japanese or built by them
What's her name
As my Ukrainian teacher said once people didn't notice she is a Russian(don't fight me she is indeed from a Russian family, raised in Ukraine) and people assumed she was born in here
Especially since it was the local Romanian and Bulgarian populace that was the subject
Same goes for Buzludzha
The state can build a giant monument to their hatred for us, we'll just use it for the shade
I love the comedy series 'Allo 'Allo!'
Russia was not affected by the Stalin's manmade famine, neither was Belarus, because it was a genocide against Ukrainians.
We were in London and decided to go to a musical/play in one of the theaters
More economic integration, direct election of EU Commission President, have EU-wide referendums for important treaties like TTIP, a well funded joint EU military, less dependance on USA, bigger focus on outer border control.
Oceania is not a continent - Australia is and Oceania contains Australia, the Pacific islands and New Zealand
The fortress in South Dobrugea was built by Belgian engineers and was branded impossible to storm.
Or that of Congolese people in France?
Russia is financing many far right parties in Europe.
There is a lot self teaching with programming, and a big effort to introduce kids to the basic concepts can be hugely effective.
It's a music genre that was full with cheap music videos, absurdly funny and dumb lyrics and overplayed imstrumentals
And I just found out that Total War Saga: Troy, which just came out recently was developed in Bulgaria by Creative Assembly Sofia
Well, duh, when he said everything he meant *everything*.
Huh...I feel sorry for all these retirees.
Here's the thing
So because we govern differently than you, we have no rights?
Tbh if it wasn't for your current situation with the toxic rulers I think you'd have been already in the EU
It’s space ship in the middle of the wilderness
Oh my god I need some right now.
And it is because i am getting tired of all that Brequit thing on /r/Europe.
Count us in on that,Bromania
It's a post shitting on the US while admitting that many students prefer traveling there over other places
In Netherlands you have HSR to neighbouring countries: Belgium, France, Germany, even England
Additionally they always brag about our medieval history between 600 and 1300
Physics classes spend 3 years teaching us about electric grids in order to create a large pool of disposable engineers
My *Dictionary of Foreign Words in the Bulgarian Language* says it was borrowed from the French *plage*, which in turn comes from the Italian *piaggia*.
No fondness of rakija
If you can't chose what products are worthy or good for you, it's your own damn fault and stupidity, own it.
It was pretty depressing to watch.
Yeah, turns out 74 isn't prime Kilimanjaro climbing age
I told you where most of the money to Karpathos come from.
Bulgaria is known to have saved its jews in WWII
Most people here like it mushy though
kakoi tui be brat
How much more moderate would you make it by printing money
Orthodox religious titles used by all countries were probably the same and i wont be surprised if they came from ancient greek.
Both written and spoken it's quite understandable, and we only need a little bit of learning and preparation to be able to write and speak in it too
The former Soviet Union hymn was installed as new Russian hymn some years ago.
Even though they won, most people forget and think Russia actually lost the winter war
And considering it's a lot worse in the USA, I get now the millions of people parroting how their country is the only important one, the greatest in the world and so forth
Dude China has done a laundry list of things to infringe on the rights of Uyghurs and to a lesser extent other religious minorities
Pretty much all slavic languages if you talk slowly
It's a beautiful town on the northern slopes of Stara planina with lots of culture and traditions from the Revival period
And to think we were so fixated on off-shore banking secrecy.
I loved every bit of my 4 years there as well
And i am hoping it'll not take years to finish the process.
катерица / katerica
East and west slavs could not look more apart from mediterranean people.
Couldn't the EU court do something about this case?
I guess we are talking about different things.
I don’t think there’s a single Bulgarian who cannot sing along to at least the chorus (even though I’m sure many are ashamed to admit it), and I’m I’m talking from toddlers to retirees
The janitors / dustmen / dishwashers, the low-paid undesirable jobs
We shouldn't underestimate the reach of state media.
>“The reform introduced the fact that the criteria used to select students is going to be based on the marks of their last years of high school, on their motivation and teacher’s opinions, and not at all on the baccalaureat,”
> шлагбаум
Actually i'm pretty sure this will aaaall be over by Christmass.
It's easier for me to understand all of these languages when written
Австро-Унгария (Avstro-Ungariya)
Well, yes, but all the good English teachers realised long ago that they'd make more money as private tutors
Bohater
There were a few front-page posts from the protests im the last few days
It's basically everywhere, no gendered words, easier grammar
The administration in the North is actually taking steps to redress some of the wrongs that were committed against them.
So, kind of like The Oville, except everyone is drinking homebrewed rakia
In other words taking money out of people's pockets to fund his nationalistic and world power dreams.
But lowering the prices of these goods is also a way to increase the volume people can buy.
It's just that a lot of powerful lobbies don't want a united Europe
Also I think I would be right in saying that no Bulgarians or Romanians would have morale in fighting Serbs
Who pays the man, municipality?
In my city (Stats Zagira, Bulgaria) a former military base has been made into a public park, with a skate park and indoors sports arena being constructed right now
Last summer a 20-year old hacker has managed to attack our NRA register and get the data of around 5 million citizens only to show how poor the national cyber security systems are
Also, because they are ugly, compared to 100+ years old buildings and people don’t like the contrast
Freud spoke of the narcissism of small differences, saying that “it is precisely communities with adjoining territories
The hottest dispute rn is Bulgaria vs North Macedonia and we haven't killed each other much since WW2
Dame Gruev is a Bulgarian freedom fighter from Macedonia, whom the modern "Macedonian nation" claims as its own.
Not even just that, but a lot of our folk tales don't have a lesson like "be a good person and things will work out", some of them are like "so this guy tricked everyone and got all of their money, he's so clever
Do you have any data points aside from Switzerland?
They are right leaning, but really corrupt at the same time.
It was all done by Russian armed forces and Putin had the only authority to give the order.
Actually, it's never too hot in Sofia.
I'm pretty sure you can't fly drones over Paris
By being in the EU, Sweden gains a lot more from other countries
Armenia is one of the few truly ancient people who have survived till this day.
In Bulgarian the words "precaka" and "preeba" both mean something like "screwed", but the second one has a stronger meaning and is cynical, because "eba" means "fuck", while the first is not.
Belgium, you can keep him
Edit: this is Bulgarian, forgot to mention
Dont know how
Who can understand british mindset.
To be fair, a high percentage of homes in a lot of countries are IKEA
And from my entire course of people (we had 24 graduates) I don't think anyone became a teacher after graduation - even this one girl we had who was supper diligent and both her parents were teachers as well
Do you understand how banks work, where their money comes from
Ooh, I fully support you in your endeavour, I just have no pączek to distract me from what that joke was supposed to be!
Mind sourcing that
Wasn't 1920 before the purges
Well, I do pay satellite TV (HBO), so in a way - could count it like buying movies made in the USA.
same story as in the Spotlight movie
Those conflicts are too fucking complicated to boil it down as simply
Ironic considering next year it will be even further under water
Why moving to Norway if Sweden is closer and there is a bridge between the shores?
If we cut their social spending this will solve the problem completely.
Claiming that the Roman legacy is yours if you're a Frenchman, for example, is cultural appropriation at best
Reformation and enlightenment, something Islam needs.
Eastern Europeans: Manage to be the greatest victims of this Western war
I do not understand the western mentality that young people should move out of their parents asap.
I guess people give them food :)
Britain-the-Great-world-leading-Trade-Power-bla-bla-bla is talking.
Че може, аз не знаех.
We have a first name, father's name as a middle one, and a family name from the dad's side again
Easy to understand tax code, easy to understand laws and websites by the government that are user friendly and explain all the necessary bureaucracy in a straight manner
We've had teachers between 7th and 10th grade taking the time in their class (homeroom or biology, usually) to dive into the topic of their own volition, read informative texts or show movies that educate about how easily HIV can be transferred, and talk about wet dreams and horniness rather than actual sex
For the other events we have some military parades
Amazing
I think for us is the national TV which is probably the least bad of them all
>We have a shortage of teachers because the pay is so low and the job is so hard
Which currently means at least one of parent must be a Bulgarian citizen, but in earlier times the requirements were stricter
I hate "Natasha and Boris accent" and can't help but judge people who have it
I find the divergence between Romania and Bulgaria after the Great Recession really interesting.
I was referring to how Trump often presents his opinion as if it comes from some increasingly relevant crowd of experts or something like that.
"Bash the fash" et al - Antifa's core ideology, and even outright public symbols they use, is about violence against other people.
On your own subreddit you can talk about your exit as long as you want.
As fo IT that suffers from the negative connotation that that's basically not a real class
It literally keeps them in school, doing homework and hobbies
Russians in Crimea were not subject to any kind of genocide or ethnic cleansing to necessitate any adjustment in borders.
Game of Thrones Season 14
And when we get richer, thanks in part to EU funds, we get to consume a lot more Western goods, stimulating their economies again
Anyone have nicknames for Bulgarians
Yes, bouth price/tsar [Alexander Battenberg ] and prince/tsar [Ferdinand ]  were not born in Bulgaria
When you try to illegally join another country against your own founding treaty and exterminate any inconvenient minorities in the process, you tend to face consequences as well.
Not exactly extreme left universites tend to be about gender studies and shit like this, while technological progess comes from universities like MiT
8% is a good move
I'm not kidding, our press is *that bad*. Some people genuinenly believe that
I've never been there but I have the impression it is at the very least as well off as Croatia.
From corrupt Politicians (most communists stayed in power), Trough the gypsy minority that has whole self sugregated group of wallet thieves,
Boyat nastana to me is a song that could have been or anthem
We do use a lot of English loanwords when talking about things related to technology, but we are not speaking in English.
You were doing good until the gdp part.
Wait a sec, where is Republic of North Macedonia
Well, I know that our "rightwing" populists are with *sponsored by Russia* tags.
It's ironic given how often alt-right people complain about violations of their free speech
I have it on good authority that Vladimir Putin **HIMSELF** hacked every single voting booth in the United States so Trump could win.
I can not predict what the outcome will be.
You kan read everything you neen about it [here
You don't like the city but you don't have to be a shit about it...
[Слави Трифонов и Ку-Ку Бенд - NO MERCY]
Their level had dropped by 14 points since 2001
Either the short time between the Balkan wars or during Simeon's golden century
If the system is rigged then heads will have to roll
Well , I nominate [The Black Sheep] from the band Ahat , the most famous Bulgarian metal/rock song .
I was talking about these migrants.
I mean shit, okay, my bad then
But untimely to me they are both in the business of deepening wealth inequity.
[Moya strana, moya Balgaria] by Emil Dimitrov (My land, my Bulgaria) is definitely like an unofficial anthem to Bulgaria
Where did they get those numbers from.
The way they do it, via interbreeding instead of genetically modifying, which i believe will successfully work, opens vast opportunities for bringing other extinct species back.
I guess people fell for it because it was only a few years after Chernobyl and it was on the state TV channel
But we usually celebrate it on [day of the week] and call it [some weird Slavic word idk]
If computer languages aren't acceptable, I'd go for Korean - same reasons as Japan, obviously
You can read some and you might understand the concept.
A lot of old people would express support for countries that have a socialist-like regime, like Libya under Gaddafi, and hate the American interventions in the region.
Kinda helps that he was crowned at the age of 4
Bulgaria is the least developed and needy nation, and also it's a pretty small economy
8% is a good move
I can also spot a Scandinavian pretty easily, especially if it's a tall woman
Meat is a lux that most of them can't afford
The Kurds i'v met at university were quite nationalistic, with flags et all, and absolutely hated the Turks and Turkey.
There is a town in Bulgaria called "Дупница" (Dupnitsa) which literally translates to Assville
And her name was translated as, I shit you not, Urshula lyoguin(read as you see)(Уршула Льогуин)
jesus, that's bad
They usually attach themselves to the power poles on their own and use the electricity for free.
It's like me posting something about Saudi Arabia in r/Europe
Or like the actions of The Dutch East Indian Company, one of the most brutal forces ever in the history of Europen colonization.
Yeah, I know, I speak some Turkish.
We get heated
You know that the current Iranian government is an Islamic (shia) theocracy, right
No Soviet-Bloc country was ever independent
She was born in 2003
Because they are not dying out, only companies like HTC and Nokia, who kept thinking overpriced crap would sell
1,000,000,000,000,000 - квадрилион (quadrillion)
The US is actually in the bottom half in the world in this dataset
It's relatively good
It's a music genre that was full with cheap music videos, absurdly funny and dumb lyrics and overplayed imstrumentals
In Europe I've always felt I'm free to be who and what I want and most people don't give a shit.
[In no way have apparatchiks of the moderately pro-Russian Bulgarian Socialist Party ever tried to influence public discourse.] (Sorry that the link is in Bulgarian.
For me it was Brussels
It's not just the media however.
Some "collect" metals and then sell them for scrap.
[Here is a comment thread from reddit from the last time this was posted
- Six one-bedrooms (~70sqm) in a poor area - [example]
Nobody in Europe is looking seriously at his tweets or any other social accounts the orange orangutan has.
Looks like Willem Dafoe
isnt she Ukrainian lol
Britons have their luxury and sport brands of cars.
Some names of animals are also different.
Like the UK does
Wow, is that really the entire country of norway
I mean one year is approximately 365 days :P
Unite Bavaria, Austria and Switzerland and have the ultimate Alpenrepublik
I agree that it's a part of our history but it's largely propagating lies
RTX: OFF
We are the joke of EU
It seems that a stalemate of the French social contract has formed, where reforms are wanted but not accepted
What would happen if everyone was as stubborn as them?
Ah, how noble is their revolt against the status quo!
How does a Dutch guy learn Bulgarian
His VP(which I personally don't like) is a 2 term MEP from PES.
Rural - I sound like a broken motorcycle, just , RUuuRr
You didn't answer either of my questions.
Po diavolite for Bulgaria is good, but not correct
The first digital electronic computer
Reeeeeeeee
If USA didn't ivade Iraq, didn't help 'moderate' rebels in Syria and didn't kill Libya's dictator they would be seen in much more positive light
Well, if the changes do take a significant effect all at once I guess it'll be justified for U.S.
Top searches in Bulgaria (in Bulgarian) currently: most of the results are "how do I sew my own mask" or "how to stay safe during COVID/grippe" and then
The rest in my opinion were bunch of spoiled blokes.
Laughs as he eats five baklavas
Strong, feminist women, until it comes to making money (for their country).
They are in position to dictate, not you.
I was so fucking angry
I only resent how people (Bulgarians) tend to elevate it over our own language sometimes, in the sense of "coolness".
**Ukrainian** 20-30%. This is the last one which I would say is understandable to me, even if only at times
Bulgarians are also known for being very negative in terms of the government.
Did you know that in Netherlands they have this tradition
I guess the famous ISIS invasion of Greece missed them
Going bellow 2008 levels after he became president and started his reforms, as well as plans to slash corporate tax rate
UK prime minister is expected to trigger the Brexit legislation on Wednesday, which means the UK is to start leaving the EU officially.
Koprivshtitsa: [1] [2]
You have come across some less educated fellow Bulgarians
It's just a simple "Добър ден" (have a nice day) or "здравейте" (hello)
Each time some lunatic dictator comes to power nowadays they are elected
You're right
I'd say it's just friendly competition.
Don't know if there are any battle ships left in the service with the navies, they are considered kinda obsolete.
If the economy grew by 0,5% in a quarter they say it grew 0,5%.
The guy who collects all the garbage
I still think Erdogan is a bad leader besides that though, seeing how "well"  Turkey's economy is doing
If you're gay you can't shake women's hands either because you're getting  executed
Rindfleischetikettierungsüberwachungsaufgabenübertragungsgesetz
Yet twice as accepting of gays.
We need to see what happens to these businesses after their owners are stripped of them
That is why no one cares about it.
"The pessimist complains about the wind.
Fuck yeah
Also we all hate the gypsy so
It wasn't really pretty and I really can't understand the hate towards us
I use it as short for pakistanis.
I have seen only crescent shaped ones here, be it with or without filling.
No one listened to them but tried to gain personal profit by entering  into alliances with the Nazis
We’re talking like 1 or 2 years tops
What do I have to do to earn this much in Finland
Let's hope Briquit will actually help them, at least a little bit, with accumulating wealth.
I always feel good when people who pull shit out of their ass get more educated.
Well, Bulgaria has the fastest shrinking population on Earth
Cause it is very easy to make a sensation.
If they prefer nothing over the EU, then the EU will change
800 comments and no one has noticed that this is total BS
How did you get that from his comment?
We have Ikea since the early 00s, and its known as a high end furniture store
I would highly recommend studying and living here
Катерица (kah-teh-r-ee-tza), etymology suggests "creature (or object) that climbs".
I absolutely recommend it
I was so fucking angry
With the above I am simply answering the question
basic mathematics, basic science, Bulgarian history and basic human history, a foreign language (English to be exact)
Clinton isn't getting locked up, swamp isn't getting drained, Mexico ain't paying for shit.
What system would be better
Не за “For crying out loud”. Как изобщо може някой да реши че това е в едно и също полукълбо с верния превод?
probably in the form of a minority government + shadow backing.
I learned on QI that death of cyclists went up after the invention of th seatbelt
Also i tinker with WoW as a hobby, but i don't play it anymore.
Were those 16 degrees over Sofia recorded on some mountain top
Ah that's nice man
The point is that Riga alone has much higher population than all of Iceland.
My biggest argument for us getting 4% is that peevski spend too much propaganda money if he wasn't "afraid" of us.
Exactly
For the second, it was claimed that the documents had not been submitted in time and it ought not be considered
Tipping culture outside of food & beverage especially
Joking aside, ultras/nazis/meatheads/wannabe gangsters are a thing in the major cities unfortunately
Everyone in Bulgaria sides with Cyprus!
Yep
The choice whether you would like to extend your internship (either continue in your previous company or find another) is also up to you but not opposed by the university
I've just done a month touring the Netherlands in a camper (working my way around all of Europe over a few years) and The Netherlands and the Dutch are by far my favourite place in the world; I feel home sick for The Netherlands when I don't feel homesick for my native UK
Yes, with a little tweeking those wind turbines could pass for the flag of the Third Reich.
OMG, stop with what you don't like, give an example what system you would like to see, and maybe thoughts on how to get there.
However they are not cheap at all.
We dont have a lot of USA centered news
Yes, thats what lash on people is there, my grandfather was attacked and bitten a few times 4 or 5 years ago
We need lustration of the people responsible for the mafia during the transition and we need to start from somewhere
Anyways, I don't think you should take this so personally.
* the name must not be offensive to the child - it can’t be Asshole Petrov or something like that
Nobody ever talked about Vikings in your History class
We were not under prosecution or occupation from other nations at the time, so the Soviets had no reason to come
Each country has one crazy haired blond person who's ready to fuck up the country
It seems that it's not a matter of free university or giving you a social net that helps escape poverty
We don't think of you guys as rivals at all
Also I prefer a president that looks like a business executive over a mafia hit man
Many of them haven't been renovated for more than 3 decades.
As, for example, huge percentage of the pickpockets abroad are not...
There is the socialist party, which however is not exactly left since it works mostly to the service of some oligarchs here.
As Europe is completely asleep and passive towards the enemy, any help in waking and mobilizing it is heroic.
In fact, for the size of its minority language speakers it had easily the worst language laws in Europe
Where did I defend migration from eastern Europe?
Many cities, towns and villages located in the area :)
There's no such thing as "basic science" in the Bulgarian education system
Cons: low standard of living, bad government,the peoples are toxic af
The violent ways are quite a few but ughh
Even some low paid workers, while in Bulgaria is a common thing even a high paying workers to speak garbage english (source: I've been to a few conferences where I literally cannot understand what they're talking, since their accent is the worst, no idea why they're even trying)
I hope the Craiova Group can prosper together
Didn't 21 MPs rebel
We learn about communism extensively in history class and there's no problem with that
But it happened this year
I think the question will be whether the EU recognises this common travel area the way it recognises Schengen.
My closest people - we hug out for greetings and for departures
Let's hope so
And despite teaching tolerance and love , mainstream islam's role model is still Muhammed, so it makes it pretty easy to excuse a wide range of disgusting shit
Andrews)
That is up to the USB-IF to decide
The Economist group is not known for making good studies.
Glad you like the city tho :)
Can't you just have a day to hate the worst regimes that have been created
It all makes sense
In Bulgaria it's around 25, maybe a bit lower
, and that I got to know everyone as well as I could
>This paper evaluates the effect of fuel prices on new vehicle fuel economy in the eight largest Europe an markets . The analysis spans the years 2002 – 200 7 and uses detailed vehicle registration and specification data to control for policies, consumer preferences, and other potentially confounding factors
So sad we have to sacrifice this to make a profit for some company
And I want drastic, sweeping changes, but none of the changes I desire would serve to undermine the basic principle of the EU—that is, an union of States with one common market, freedom of movement, and an unified European idea
But it's pronounced sus
For example, when government made [this  hilariously bad anti-gay video] couple of weeks ago  most comments were very supportive and disguisted by people who made this video
Don't actually know what Bulgaria did to be fair
The entire EU economy has been depend**e**nt on the
It sounds French, so it makes sense to me in some way, but where the fuck did that sh come from
Unfortunately only proof was the story of this businessman and I do not believe him 100%. His actions are not very logical
That is called reasons to keep the status quo.
The only exception I  in the word for grandfather - дядо - it ends in -o but is treated as masculine
The country is made up
Trump promised a wall, now he's talking about a fence or even saying it's not needed because of "vicious rivers".
Reddit, being almost all text, still works great on throttled internet as long as you don't try to load images
I dont think its really funny but, "да дряскам" is a close translation to taking a dump
Bulgarians celebrating Yordanovden
Madara Rider - One of the few remnants we have of the Bulgars
Mission accomplished :D
Human nature is a very simplistic and basic concept in the 21st century.
I like it, but I don't try to cook it myself
What's the sea temperature in Lisbon?
I'm not biased of course
Bulgaria was founded in 681 and now if you come and visit Bulgaria you will be surrounded with history predominately from the communist era (44 years)
It was a frequent motif for them to steal a (often magical) girl's clothes while she was bathing to extort her into marrying them, or killing all her guards just to bang her and then fly away
Yet reality isn't so culturally relativist - the reality in which "civilized" settled people like us create science and standard of living that drops child mortality rates to almost zero and increases lifespans to above 80, whilst their savage ways of life produce nothing of worth to human progress and see their children die in huge mortality rates (check out the stats, it's true).
Higher (+100€) minimum pensions for the retired , the transfer of social contributions from the retired (except the poorest retired) to the workers , the removal of the local housing tax except for richer people were pro lower class laws passed by this government without the protests, another wage hike has been given plus the removal of fuel tax
I would definitely puke from the gelatinous thing.
The quick blood tests that most laboratories use are hypersensitive, so they often result in a "false positive". They are designed like this to make sure that they will catch even the slighest infections, but when they missfire on a negative person, they tend to scare them a lot
But that's just kinda how nationalism works
But financial support and stability is the point of the EU
We're basically fucked but what else is new
Religion - Yeah, that has no place in schools
The same goes for the relation between say Britain, Germany and Austria and so on.
Lol weren't they losing in the North
If Euro survives - EU survives, if Euro fails - EU fails.
Imagine being forced to work for free now . Imagine waiting to by TV even if you have the money
Not everyone you disagree with is a nutjob.
The Roman state is decidedly Italian
that is most interesting indeed!
Bulgaria has a bit of an issue with the idolisation of historic figures
It caused me no emotional trauma, it didn't make me resentful, broken or with issues.
Not accepting the result of a democratic election when the other side wins is a good way to start a civil war.
Generally people wouldn't tell the difference between Rugby or American Football, but we got some fans of both
If our modern society were to fall apart tomorrow, these people would be prepared to handle it
But is this therapy free for thr inflected or they have to pay for it
We talk shit constantly about our government BUT that does not mean you can join in, you can't.
1)Byzantine Empire - we had a bunch of wars and we made them pay us
so what
Because Bulgaria has the biggest natural decrease of population in Europe.
they are not coming to Vienna again!
We have more beautiful women than most of the world
9%.  We're not fat alone
But not if it's the one attacking
All kinds of traditional dress are welcomed, though since it's a festival in Bulgaria the vast majority of people wear the clothing typical for Bulgaria
How about all the opt-outs that the UK have?
I can assure you that if nothing changes here, most of these funds will not be spent transparently but instead sink into a circle of businesses close to the government
Much love from Bulgaria
And probably one of the longest in the country  Sofia - Varna (around 510km
All the Dutch are so quiet
This is unlikely to seem funny to people who don't speak Bulgarian, but here's something i laughed about recently.
Beautiful :')
Yeah, it is a shame that Black Sea regions of Turkey are not as famous as south coast.
you're two hours away from paris by train so i can live with a bit of dull in my daily routines and in the weekends you can go outside of luxembourg easy
This is EXTREMELY not true and if that's the case in France, you are in a bad need of education reform
I've never seen anything like it in Bulgaria or other Balkan countries
At the service stations they have cctv set up so that you can look at from different parts of the highway ahead, so you can judge if it's safe to set off with the snow etc
I thought we are talking at european level here.
(Which is *very* rare for the Balkans)
Built between 12-14th century
Fuck
Yes
It's my perception issues I suppose.
If your public transport commute is 2 hours that's it, always
I feel sorry for him
Completely meaningless and worthless in a forum or debate.
Athens
The ones afterwards did too, to varying degrees of validity
And his supporters follow his lead and hate Europe for it
And if we talk about trade, they have better connections with Asia than Europe.
The catholic church doesn't endorse slavery, of course it has changed.
So 10 000 000
Its either маймунско а (maymunsko a) "monkey a" or кльомба (klyomba) wich I don't think can be translated as something other than @ .
* We call SUVs and 4x4 vehicles "dzhipove" after the Jeep brand;
Now imagine you're born with a gash between your legs that bleeds every month
Same in Bulgaria
China doesn't just put Muslims into concentration camps (as if that's not the most horrible part) but it tries to suppress Islam on every front
Trust me on this one
The average tourist spends about 1400 US dollars per week.
If I’m tired I may accidentally answer the phone like that in English also
The Yellow vest supposed(as said by the BBC) demand to decrease entry requirements is backwards
Bulgarians look up to all Western European countries
Go vote AKP or DPS or DOST or whatever.
Do not want to talk about all asylum seekers.
Their quality of life ones are highly criticized as anglocentric and biased.
It will count
The Texas independence movement is literally a meme, meanwhile Scottish independence has pretty significant support
Bulgaria and Macedonia are the same nation (at lest some years ago) so I don't think that they should fight each other
Nobody denies they can receive EU funds as proper taxpayers.
Snow already melted in Sofia mostly.
Trump is a retard but he wasn't going to get rid of NATO no matter what
, and that I got to know everyone as well as I could
In fact, even though Bulgaria was aligned with the Axis powers during WWII, most of their Jewish population survived the war
Ivan Vazov,
ã is not a Bulgarian letter
Or are the Kiev Rus a separate entity altogether
Asked to comment on the leaked document, a government spokesman said it was focused on "getting on with the job of delivering Brexit and making a success of it."
I was taught in school that the Ural Mountains are the border between Europe and Asia, not this thick white line
Turkish society stable right now?
What is the average distance and how long it takes to complete the chosen trail?
Greeks seem a lot better than us at knowing their extended family, keeping in touch and an overall strong sense of community
At first we were neutral but then we had no chance, we had to join the Axis or we would have been invaded
Even creating chaos and because of lies and conspiracies
The authorities officially banned the neo-Nazi march, however they could not prevent it happening.
And somehow the right looks up to this fucked up country.
Most of the bears were abused, the ropes used to train and handle them were tied to rings pierced through their sensitive noses
- According to Sofians, the rest of the country is backwards
Also why when you buy alcohol you put it in newspaper or some kind of paper to hide it
Why are they proposing a new law that is the same as the old one, unless
Retired elderly, English, American or otherwise, who just want a calm lifestyle
We survived 500 years of that by the Ottomans.
No you don't need to take more money, that will only increase your debt burden and prevent the necessary reforms you must do.
Turkey is not in Europe and not in the EU why the frick are you even posting things about it
Look at 2002 just before the reforms, 10% just like France
Did not have a problem bringing my partner over, as long as you were quite and respectful, it's all good
Now let me remind you something as obviously you're really dumb.
And i can not answer your question about Turkey backing up Bulgarian Turks.
Said hero also had to weigh some gold as compensation for his father's unjust execution
And I just found out that Total War Saga: Troy, which just came out recently was developed in Bulgaria by Creative Assembly Sofia
Brexit is good for Europe in general, simply because Britain was always acting and wanted to be treated as the special kid on the block.
I really don't like this trend of American political correctness being exported to Europe
Curious, is the propaganda working against the ordinary Romanian?
Macedonia
There's very little morality on the world stage and a military alliance is definitely not the first place it should be expected in
Got nothing to do with cheap labor and many working hours like the Chinese.
Haha...i can tell you, Greeks claim the coast of Asia Minor as theirs, while Turks claim some Aegean islands.
Fairly cheap compared to zone 1 or compared to other european countries because i mean £12 at lets say Nandos for half a chicken with chips isnt exactly worth it but its cheap for London standards
They can protest whatever they like.
If you're eating something sweet and you dont share it with someone who wants some
There are protest now against that and people want a new procedure with more candidates
The Rail Baltica is already under construction and it will link Helsinki (via ferry)
and anything that brings chaos
There was another version on the etnonym, 'sable hunters', I think...
There are 2 groups
It comes from a possessive form, like "maminoto" (mommy's [kid])
Created the Cyrillic alphabet
There were rumors that he was Estonian
Canada is here because it used to actually be one of the 7-8 top economies when it joined in 1976 and it is still part of it today, because the group is more political than economic nowdays.
It makes sense to me as a Bulgarian speaker because we also have djezve, and it's the specific thing you're talking about while something like "kavnik" would just be a general coffee making thing (if it was a word)
No, if the dictatorship is too confident and powerful it can withstand civil unrest without giving an inch
Hopefully the British government will start the procedure of leaving the EU as soon as possible.
Some letters are placed differently on the Russian keyboard so it slows me down
The article is not about NATO or military expenditures.
Britain has a secret and super classified plan to reconquest its former colonies and add new ones in order to become a global leader on trade.
Sun is neuter, Moon is feminine
Some women have 1 child, some 2, some 4 and some 0.
Regardless of your income, it's out of your control
That's how it's defensive
Are you 5
The point was about so-called "regressive modern leftism".
I guess the famous ISIS invasion of Greece missed them
The Mada rider is carved into a 100-m-high cliff near the village of Madara in north-east Bulgaria and has an engraving by one of Bulgaria's early khans
And he clearly denies climate change
You think they've run out of lies to need any ammo
That's why I think most of this is empty barking, I do not think Turkey will follow through with its threat.
There are in the Netherlands
They look cute, calm and well fed.
I believe it might have confused people that I describe particurarly the Alt-Right since the OP started his comment with them.
Ew it looks discusting how can somone drink sausage
Reform of employment tribunals
lol, get fucked liechtenstein
Are you guys that crazy over googlebox or the result of my company's survey are very biased?
Some of them were part of the [battle and capture of Odrin (Edirne)]
Despite everything else, the crisis put back things into normalization.
Or else it would be called....Slovakia.
Until Europe continues to have unassimilated citizens from parallel communities the problems and clash of cultures will only get worse.
The question is not a popularity contest of which specific group you like the most, it's about which of the two central sides would be better to come out on top.
How nice would it be if one of these days Russia wakes up as a real democracy and works together with Europe on the big challenges of today, like climate, equality etc
After all this is the guy who already left twice during protests
However, I've seen foreigners speak fluently, so it's not impossible
You can never appease anyone, unfortunately
I studied automation, but back in time there was no work, so i applied in qualification center for getting a certificate in carpentry.
Bulgaria surnames end in ov/ ova or ski/ska
The whole point of espionage is to gather intelligence on important people like her.
It might have no effect on you but be sure there are people who would love to see the DDR or the USSR back
Where did they annex a territory, where did they down a civilian aircraft, where did they attack passing trade ships, where did they deny doing it
Borisov just has less and less reasons to stay and the earlier he resigns the better for himself
Comment and post your opinions, please.
Yes, but I have seen Чешка Република often
"The far rights" acros Europe were gone, dead as an ideology or a potent political force.
We live in an area that typically has very good air quality but on days when an "inversion" happens and there's no wind, its like looking out into a wall of smog with almost 0 visibility
Its mostly spoken in the Southeast, alongside the border and especially in the Kardzhali oblast/region and also in the Northeast in the provinces of Razgrad, Shumen, Targovishte, Silistra and some parts of Dobrich and Varna have it as their mother tongue
(Nixon administration)
I'm on the other side of the political spectrum to you, so we'll probably not agree on many things but here I go :)
Dude, my phone is 2-year-old Nokia, what HDR i can use?
That's what im saying , I'm not justifing Russia I'm pissed that we still let America meddle in ME and we eat their shit
The Gambia as far as i know is tourist destination.
We also have a lot of dialect words
We should detain anyone who has no legal papers.
Pretty ironic for the country that holds the location of Auschwitz within its borders
) I wasn't really interested in history and when I learned that the Soviets in the end of WW2, when we were allies with the Axis and before the end of the war we switched sides with the Allies, declared war on Bulgaria, invaded as, abolished the monarchy with a fake referendum with 95
to the bulgarian (and romanian) cyber thieves that are constantly arrested for draining credit cards
Of course, everybody I know does
Ah yeah, fair enough
Overall, I'd say it is hard not to spot a foreigner, even if he has lived for a long time in Bulgaria
Is that supposed to be an argument?
That doesn't lend itself well to conspiracy theories
no tyrant can arise in a highly educated country, but if anyone points out a highly educated country where a tyrant has taken power, then their educational system fails to teach people to think for themselves.
the EU has to make it hard for the UK to leave so the rest of the EU states don't get ideas or otherwise everyone would want to leave
any time from the 8th of Octomber 1912 to 30th of May 1913
The guide told us not to step on moss as the moss contains the most radiation
They probably just don't understand how the internet works
He also made the first laws of the Bulgarians and won us thrace if I'm not mistaken
Really obvious for anyone with half a brain.
The rules and regulations of WTO are good enough for the trade between UK and EU after dissolution.
In 9th grade we continued with Medieval history, and that was very Europe centric, ignoring the Ottoman Empire
Most youngsters have tried at least once and most adults around middle age and above see it as as the worst thing ever
It's made in Bulgaria, for us...
It didn't happen a lot that my mother called me "mom".
"It's the truth" that Donald Trump can't read the alphabet?
Bulgaria's second largest city and 2019 European Capital of Culture: Plovdiv
I cannot remember a single time when I've eaten meat on pizza, let alone sea creature on pizza
Of course a single person who is popular like Ronaldo will get paid a lot because there dont seems to be so many people like Ronaldo
I remember having at least one day that was 5 classes - it ended faster and it was delightful
OMG yes,you made my day, thank you
haha
For me his reaction is the most convincing argument the compromats may be real.
Ehm, no
No, why would people speak in a foreign language that they've learned in school, instead of their native tongue that everybody in the country understands?
It's absurd to claim that the people who lived in Gallia or Hispania are somehow descendants of Romans and can lay claim to their achievements
It's just that no one tries to enforce the law
I see his face in the stone under the bridge - I think that's his face
2: Is the proposition acceptable
The UK is heading towards Hard Briquit.
While Bulgaria has kept the same exchange rate for 20 years now
NATO killed one thousand
The protests in Serbia were one of the things that inspired the Bulgarian ones
They've been at a solid 0
I agree if we maybe switch the focus on profits to well being it will be better
The way Poland has been going, I'm willing to bet they're going extreme far right
High school - Students go to special classes tailored for their particular skills and start preparing for the university
Examples being кебапчета with лютеница and шкембе чорба among many others
I don't have anything against the ordinary people in Russia, but I fucking hate all the Russian propaganda shitting all over our internet.
Forex traders must be having such a fun time right now, one way or another.
It's always been interesting to me how we trade some sharp words or expel Russian diplomats or something every couple of years for one reason or another, yet relations never deteriorate beyond that
Boyko is in mafia mode
I find that battery rather disappointing.
Yes, we are not destroying the planet, but ourselves and the flora and fauna
BNT looks like a model of fair agendaless media compared to that
Тоя в началото като се обърна с гипсираната ръка и разбрах че предстои нещо много специално
It's definitely an interesting language and has the added benefit of being useful as well
*How do you live
Because that's not what NM people say
I would really like to see some official age distribution data of asylum seekers.
Currently Poland is the largest net benefactor by far, but in 10 years they should be close to the average EU GDP/capita, freeing up a lot of funding for other poorer eastern members.
Which ones are more popular in your countries and are consider more 'standard' compared to the other ones
I just hate them so much mhm
Far more recently, in the 1990s, merely two decades, not two centuries ago, Serbia committed horrific genocide against the Muslim population in Bosnia.
And considering all the evidence, the main reason certain people do not assimilate whilst others do is because the former come from societies and families with an ideology/culture that is too strong to overcome and commit to complete assimilation.
They managed to joke with the Germans, the French, the Italians, the communists, even with themselves as English; it was the best way to point out different national peculiarities, and to laugh over the past.
Just a personal observation - more nationalistic countries tend to have higher birthrates.
Well, it would be kind of strange if someone who you almost don't know asks you "how much money do you make?", but if your neighbour or friend asks you - it's okay.
[In the late 1990s and into the early 2000s, Germany was often called "the sick man of Europe." Indeed, Germany's economic growth averaged only about 1.2 percent per year from 1998 to 2005,]
It used to be the case that churches were required not to be involved in politics in order to keep their tax exempt status.
All new buildings have them, but if you see some unrenovated old ones then they likely will just have simple ones
On top of that, there is the new party Yes Bulgaria, which is also catering to the same vote base.
[This here] is the most grandiose thing we have
The expected cancer from r/europe.
There's a huge gay porn company there, so that might be why it's such a big number
Think about how often we see images upvotted with anything good.
A bit safer, especially when it's flu season.
True, but bear in mind that Bulgaria, and especially Romania are quite large countries by European standards.
Lack of sunlight is not good and can lead to depression
I'd guess Hungarian
My friend is living in Sweden and he described the amazing heating systems many houses there have
The question is whether it would be better if the regime came out on top and won the civil war, or if Assad was defeated by the rebels and his regime collapsed.
Yes, Bulgarian has singular and plural "you" and "thank" is just a verb
This really can make you punch the guy who says it
It's more common for girls (Anna-Maria, Teodora-Luisa, etc) but it's gained momentum for boys, too (along the lines of Asparuh-Aleksandar, Vladimir-Asen
Most of these brand names didn't really became words for the producrts due to popularity, but because they were the first brands to offer said product in Bulgaria
At the risk of revealing personal info, I know people that were extras in a straight to DVD Morgan Freeman movie that was filmed there
I would go with the years under Ottoman yoke leading to the Liberation of Bulgaria - a time of хайдути (haiduti), legions that were prepared from abroad, organising the peoples in secret for an uprising
That we are thieves
Czech republic and Poland should give the expelled germans the right to vote as well.
US, Canada, Australia, New Zealand, Ireland, Scotland
220grams of good chips - 1 euro and 10 cents
It's used I think because It's very far away, in every aspect and meaning
Are they not effective, or are they only used to transport flowers and strawberries
Germany has between 4,5% and 5% Muslims, not 1,9%.
We ran out of basic stuff in the matter of days and doctors decide to quit their jobs because of bad working conditions (we have under 10 proven cases of infected)
And if you're not familiar with CDPR, they are a game development studio from Warsaw and actually have a very good, rock solid reputation among the gaming community
If it didn't work, state media wouldn't be a thing not only in Russia but in other countries as well.
Do not close your eyes, Russia is powerful, it is a threat and economical difficulties will not stop that trend as it never did stop it before.
I'm really worried about Poland
1.7% in the eurozone is actually a lot better than 1.6% in the US.
It is a Bulgarian polling agency which is run by a guy with questionable motivations.
Where I'm from, we use our personal ID for that.
It is not just a smear campaign against our beloved former communist party.
You avoided the socialist disaster that ruined Eastern Europe, what happened?
We have a saying in Bulgaria "soup with grapes" meaning it's a bunch of different things that don't really work together and I think it applies to English
2020, free movement of people between those three still exists
Encryption only assures you that the messages you sent is the message being received and that nobody read it while in transit.
You can taste it when you breathe, you can feel it stinging your eyes
Who could have thought they'd come back so fast and be so malicious
An did you read the words "islamic revival" in one of my comments?
Boris, Krum, Asparukh, Presian and Tervel are still popular to this day
Here in Bulgaria we have a lot of them [wiki] . Even in my small town there is one of the few intakt roman bathouses [link] .
Last time a big group of them went to France and started living near a church they were kicked out like dirty dogs.
You can't fund islamists against an islamist country
Long exposure pictures make waterfall to look outstandingly beautiful :)
People usually associate green olives with Greece
If the EU does not take care of Eastern Europe someone else will STEP IT UP EU THIS IS YOUR CHANCE
I would too
We basically can't touch them until they start to be up for renewal in like 2025
Most Bulgarians would name a different politician, depending on their political views.
Racist joke's? Yes
Kindly refrain from twisting 'the cons outweigh to pros' into 'there are no pros', cheers
Hello from the other side ... of the box
The things I'd do to see him step down and let Donchev take over...
Yup
* Asparuh - the Khan that founded Bulgaria
This is the one most appalling habit of some Western European countries
With actually competent leaders we could be so much better after 13 years of membership
Absolute catastrophe for the kitchens all over the globe in particular and the entire solar system in general.
Is this what is referred to as catch 22
Australia and Argentina are nice but too warm for my liking.
What's more I used to rent a flat in Hilltown haha
I would never bring it up if not asked
Low effort...hmm, go hiking in the mountains for hours, stumble upon beautiful flowers and take shots.
Scientific subjects like Chemistry and Biology aren't taught in 12 grade but Physics is and it feels forced
I've been voting for the Reformist Bloc lately.
This is a silly law and just removes any incentive to setup an HQ or factory in France
Edit: Found more photos: [1] [2]
what's up with you people (croats, serbs, slovenes) - relax!
And I mention something about bbq grills not being a common item here, for example
He's a communist by heart and ideas.
Cause it is not only buying and refurbishing, one must think of estate taxation as well.
Yeah but I don't think the kind of Russophiles that want to ally militarily with Russia are half the country.
We have a disinformation campaign sponsored by Russia all over the Internet.
Well stop them from immigrating.
The population exchange treaty on the other hand was not signed until 1923.
There was a reason the Ottomans were able to expand as far as they did in the 1300s-1600s.
They also like to pose for pictures :)
It did a halfway decent job
Restricting the destabilising influences of the Saudis and their best buds USA in the middle east would also be crucial.
The answer to this question is also Turkey
We vote for parties and each party gets a proportial number of seats in parliament
[Here] is how the most watched media tries to discredit RSF
Paradoxically, a Russia that returned Crimea to Ukraine would not be Democratic since it would be in clear violation of the Russian constitution and against the will of the people
Oh gosh
That's real bad
Literally the only issue Bulgarians are progressive about is abortion - I think around 90% of Bulgarians support it, it's so excepted there isn't even a debate
Thank you and good luck
However so far nobody described me as pro-EU.
Oh I think my old facebook account still has the French flag over it so please upvote me and give me gold for my heroism
Became a People's Republic right after WW2, and then transitioned to democracy in the 90s.
About a third of your population does want to get in
How can we learn how to pronounce names in Russian, German, Italian, Spanish, French, English and even Polish, but you can't?
This is easily the best subreddit.
Hence the correlation with Serbs liking the Fascists who mass murdered them.
Information is warping in the eeriest ways the more society depends itself and it's exponential progress to *the Internet*.
And most importantly, even if you wanted to have it a lot - you can't! Eat too much and it will give you the shits
I'll be glad if it stays that way, but it's disconcerting how your relations with them have deteriorated
What they want is not relevant, they are not the ones making the decision.
Wut, I didn't know that
There were even protests by parents
I didn't want a slavic accent so I learnt English from my babysitter at the time (foreigner, native speaker) only to realise, wait, slavic accents sound kinda scary, I wanna be scary
That whole thing is a can of worms but the guy is not taken seriously by a lot of people, even his mannerisms and general behaviour/speech is ridiculous
1% deserve their wealth because they contribute to society so much more than everyone else
If you have a **part-time job**, even if it's a very cosy paycheck, but you're not in the career-building stage of your life (e.g: you're still in university), the only thing you'd be expected to pay is probably an errand from the store here and there
Trump-the-Clown can make a political fellatio to Putin-the-Tall or vice versa while Britain watching them with divine feelings.
In Europe there is and always was.
We have quite some songs that might fit some of the description in the OP, but it’s hard to think of a single example of a song that was as massive as Despacito
It is an old Bulgarian tradition.
Besides that according to the laws of Bulgaria all political or any other organizations created on ethnicity/religion/extreme ideology can not be officially registered by the state.
Well i am from phone
And I will take capitalism instead of communism any day
You're not catching anyone's attention or sympathy.
I can't find sources on who did what exactly but apparently Serbia tried to sue 10 NATO members and it had 16 at the time so I'm assuming the rest weren't involved much
We all speak meme on this Blessed day?
I'm my country you'd be switching people without a job with people without a job so not much would change really
This lead to people being cooped up indoors with the teacher of a subject these students don't even *have* on the curriculum
I don't know about that, but they turned to be speechless.
We are on our way to end up with a Russian stooge as our president.
There's a coffee machine, and that's about it
I wouldn't be able to handle it
Highly recommend
No, Russia then warned the world that Bulgaria is preparing an immediate military invasion of FYROM.
Took over most of Europe, was then defeated by a coalition and exiled
Unpaid internships are not illegal but extremely rare
I'm gonna set aside the military agreements as they are well known
That has to be the absolute worst colour scheme i'v seen.
Specifically for Scandinavian countries, there is a sizable minority of people who are huge fans of their metal and mythology
Da leya tuhli - To pour bricks
I wonder if there is a correlation between the ways of preparation of coffee and the amount, too.
It's a Dutch tradition and you guys are entitled to it,American SJW's be damned
During the 15 minute break in the middle of the show a girl comes out, carrying a "briefcase" or more like a box that looked like a box for medical emergencies, with a defibrillator or something like that
How else would you be able to read all your emails from multiple devices and from a browser if they din't store them and were not able to decrypt them?
in the spirit of the conversation, was it even called Mongolia back then?
As for foreigners  - they just assume we are talking funny Russian and don't make difference between different dialects I think
I'm curious, does Carl Zeiss make any products for B2C or only industrial products
Hungary is such a fascinating nation to me
That is already happening: Bulgaria is upgrading its main line from 65 to 160 kmh but it still has no high speed connection with its close countries like Romania and Hungary
Over the last 30 years all kinds of shitty laws have been passed in Bulgaria
To be honest even now I can't tell if the standard is British English or US English
), Serbian, Croatian, Bosnian, Slovenian, Ukrainian, Russian, Belarussian, German, Dutch, French, English, Spanish, Italian, Portuguese
I use them all, but mostly I use various local stores.
> Here religious types are usually fairly low-profile
It is simply *not true*. It doesn't happen in every country, and even when it happens, it is nowhere near the astronomical scale it happens in the EU
What else is different in your alternate universe, apart from Bulgaria not bordering Turkey and Serbia being even potentially a threat to Bulgaria
I wonder if he would allow me to get a skull cup
Not destroyed just moved and whoever is interested should be allowed to visit them
Just replying about the destination, not condoning using it.
They work in salads, sauces and meals
When did you last check their food prices?
Even if they are 20-30% its enough, when others can't name anyone.
The news channels in my country haven't said a thing about it
Without legend it says that half of south France is Balkan culture...
Older stereotypes of course boil down to "hahaha, you have more gypsies than we do".
Besides thats its all good ( to all bulgarians seeing this please dont scold me if i told anything wrong lol im not in track with what happened to the kid)
Don't be ridiculous
By foot
When i was a kid, this was the best place on earth for me...
And another note although people were killed by NATO, it's participation still pales in comparison to the actual Yugoslav wars which killed 130k people
I think we should encourage them to take education more seriously so their kids can grow up to become productive citizens.
That's how the EU is, the people there have dedicated their lives to writing regulation and it's the only think they are capable of, to them it's an instinct
If they cancel Brexit it would leave them with a cheaper pound and destroyed pride
* **Dimitrov Constitution** \- enacted in 1947 and named after the National traitor and butcher Georgi Dimitrov, this Constitution defined Bulgaria as a "Pеople's Republic" with pseudo democracy;
* [Sveta Nedelya Church] in Batak - the place where hundreds of Bulgarians were slaughtered by the Ottoman army in 1876's Bataka massacre
I don't know much about them but the gist is outrage at the rampant corruption, and one of their goals is to cut the "nation's representatives" (parliament) by half
[To be fair, you're successfully screwing your economy rather well without the help of the EU]
I love the current flag but that is incredible
Universal Music **Belgium**.
Although the "Yes, Bulgaria" thing is actually a coalition which includes a green party.
Come on :P y'all are already so big
That base was converted into a museum few years later when the mandatory service was discontinued
I can not grasp how there are people on this planet who like german.
Others move abroad with the hope they will forget some painful memories.
„Можеш ли да говориш така?“ - Can you speak like this
I think this is where the stereotype of how "Americans are ignorant" comes from
EU has a lot of problems, but to leave it because of that is like cutting your foot to prevent stubbing your toe on a table
There is no need to be religious in any way to celebrate Christmas.
I got no idea, but i guess that's one of the basic questions of a military alliance, organization, union etc.
What is there then
The oh so precious, to the likes of you, western civilization won't exist without globalism.
2) Sheep often end up on the highway and if you hit a sheep, you have to pay for it, and the farmer gets to set the price
) right wing populists
Also worth mentioning, if you zoom in you will notice that by far the larger part of people is between 20 and 35 years old
Before that I thought it would be more like north against the south thing, where we (south) would not wear shoes, because...
* We call hot tubs "dzhakuzita" after the Jacuzzi brand
>Only **Yeltsin** and Medvedev were 100% Russian
This is deportation, not extermination
To be honest, in Bulgaria some cities have gypsy ghettos.
Romania
No private business was taken away and gifted to friendly oligarchs, unlike the lottery and the "Eight Dwarfs" recent affair
Similar thing happened to our Commercial register this summer
&#x200B;
It's surprising to how many highly regarded historical figures this applies
I don’t have a problem with you calling it out whatever you wish to call it.
Probably because it is super easy and common to import them, since Greece is right next to our butt
I am against conscription, but a short period of basic training can be useful without being too intrusive to your life.
Tourism is vital for Turkey's economy and the Erdogan thinks of himself as a the man behind the economic successes of Turkey.
Cheers, mates
More like 15 minutes with the preparations LOL!
I get excited when I hear it every single time and I don't know why
I learned that last one when I was flying aimlessly in Google Earth around the danube and I saw on the Wiki that Komarno and Komarom were one city but then after the dissolution of Austria-Hungary one part was left in Hungary and the other in (Czecho)Slovakia
And this is not specific to chocolate only.
Irredentism explains a lot of the choices Bulgaria made in WW1 and WW2.
Merry Christmas in European Languages
Montenegrin - Hvala
You know these lists like "What the British say and what they really mean"?  Yeah, we do it too and everything in this lists is usually very obvious to me
It would be like a Germany/France in the Balkans, just had to do some developing to catch up with them at the time
Westerners: Bulgaria isn't in the balkans
Unfortunately these days there is a lot of wind, big waves and fishing is impossible.
Can not remember if Poland at that time was entity or already split between its neighbors?
In this small sample, however, UK + Poland consist about 60% of the population, so the result for non-EA9 will be heavily dependant on the results of those two countries.
A lot of it isn't well researched but there is a certain charm in looking at an ancient temple or fortress before it saw excavations and is officially open to tourists
I want to try what he's been smoking
* Dragoslav(a)
If someday the EU is an option, it would easily be the winner.
Radiation levels are ''OK'' at most of the places in Pripyat, except near the Hospital or the Red forest
Before they were monarchies
Most of the people use Windows and Office, but we don't buy it.
Given how much of his legitimacy rests on his ability to deliver economically, any sanctions would probably hurt him a lot.
Yeah
Massive riot happening today in the largest refugee camp in Bulgaria
They are to be considere refugees only in the countries adjacent to their own, we should send money to them there but we shouldn't let them in Europe, also from what I've read 60% were male 20% female and the rest are children(a lot of young males present themselves as childer) so what kind of refugee would run away from war and leave his family behind, it's obvious they are economical immigrants and we have no reason to let them in Europe
Your contacts are also given to foundations and social groups, dealing with HIV+ people, that provide psychological help to deal with the shock and fear
those guys were fucking cool
I do not have any information about that, but if you get accepted in a Scottish uni before brexit hits they will definitely pay for your education
Naturally there would be few attacks on it meanwhile its members have lots of opportunities to attack
3% increase in GDP over five-years and a 0
Oh come on, what was it, something about an asteroid gaining mass and crashing on earth due to higher gravitational forces?
According to some UFO-chasers, they were digging to find some mystical or alien artefact
Well played sir
Nobody's talking about Trump or US politicians and politics.
Lol
Another pointless statistic that tells us what we already know: Eastern Europe is poor - Western Europe rules
Wow - hard to believe so much time has passed.
The people of the Netherlands will save Bangladesh one day
Not sure whether it counts as fast food or just a restaurant chain but I would love for the Bulgarian chain Happy to open in the UK city I moved to
But what are they opposing or what to happen
His pension is a joke
The first poll is in 1945 when literally half of the French population is supporting some kind of socialism but the second is in 1994, after the USSR itself had collapsed
Minimum salary in Romania is 446
Didn't the Russians give you Dobrudja in 1878 in exchange for Budjak?
Literally never heard of any of these lol
This happens here as well but mostly at less known pubs where 90% of the customers are just people from the neighbourhood :D
I've been in classes as small as 23 and as big as 30
On a different note, wow imagine what this woman lived through
Saudi Arabia is quite homogeneus and quite well in terms of birth rates.
Is this what is referred to as catch 22
Just 1 chicken
An American comes to Europe and they need to actually request a type of rental car they are comfortable with (I.e automatic transmission, a bit bigger, etc)
Names should not be translated or even transformed to fit the pronunciation of some language
Although it's impossible to master a specific accent unless you were born with it.
Joke is on me, to the rest of Europe Bulgaria either doesn't exist or is some enigmatic twilight zone of mystery
In Turkish it means that the person with the big balls (sometimes just the balls like a man with balls) has a lot of connections and money i. e. powerfull
Lidl has different strategies for east and west
Not as much as a tradition but more as something you do in general here
Again
But every country has their regional variations on exact ingredients and their ratio
Before that French was linqua franca.
Честно казано то тва и в английския работи пък и не виждам как е минус.
Now you have a better shot
Carrying a cleaver in your pants seems like a terrible idea.
rakija is meant to be shared
- 2 weeks worth of food for a single person like me .
What I didn't know prior was that every national contestant is to go to a summer camp with volunteers, where we will basically have fun for free
I'd add that **-ski/ska** could also be applied to toponymic names, **e.g:** Ohridski (of Ohrid), Sofiyska (of Sofia), etc
He just has less to lose than the rest and is ready to lose it to gain a lot more.
I absolutely recommend it
Yes, but that's business as usual, you rarely have a year when everything is going smoothly and no sector has difficulties.
I believe Britons put a hedgehog in their pants with the Briquit.
Sounds like you might have a tough time, since you have to ask.
You sure are, but what happens if someone is not a gay?
OK here we go:
Wildernis hasn't existed here since the 1600s
Some English are but many see them as our countrymen and our people.
At what time you guys in Turkey have your morning meals, 10 am?
Don't be scared of making long posts!
This is a band of rebels or bandits
Yikes
I know americans like to describe people fighting wars as heroes and villains, but in most cases they are neither.
I got many pictures of Karpathos, including shots taken while hiking up the mountains of the island.
The bac is an entrance ticket to university, yet too many students drop out once they get there
I completely agree European countries must start spending more for military and security and become less dependent of the US on that matter.
Simpler way to put it is to tell him that there is a common european language, just with heavy dialects
Who the fuck am I kidding, nobody would make such research.
>10 years for 10km autobahn etc
Millions to religion
It makes no sense to exclude Bulgaria from the definition
IS Shifts Focus to Softer Targets for Attacks in Europe, Europol Says
"It wouldn't be fair to the people of Scotland to ask them to make a crucial decision without all the necessary information..."
At least there won't be any hidden exclusions of rules, or special agreement for the City of London, or anything else.
Wait this is an option
Tu es un chien
every day more epic than the last
Why
First you stated that capital was not cheap cause the euro is a strong currency.
That's even weirder than the "moon landing was fake" conspiracy
By year 900 we were already technically an empire, had our own writing system (cyrillic!) and church, so we were doing pretty good compared to the rest of Europe!
Nobody is going to cry when you leave the EU.
you are full of shit and haven't even read the proposed reforms
It's Bulgarian literature so nobody cares but the one I had most difficulty with was nikolay haitov - divi razkazi, or wild tales
I don’t think that’s true but I guess it might be where you live
Killing him to protect the oligarchy, never mind that the Populares were themselves a party full of aristocrats sounds to me like a very modern, rather forced reading of the situation but again, I am not particularly familiar with this period in history
"And the best argument for democracy is taking a peek at non-democratic countries" u/ZmeiOtPirin.
What I consider an empire is irrelevant
Seriously though, even the smaller cities I've been to in Romania are stunning compared to Bulgarian infrastructure
Krasimir Avramov with Illusion back in 2009
I couldn't keep up
BSP majority is literally impossible.
The shot was taken the same day as the post.
However i've never visited England and never wanted to.
Not that strong of a link, but I'm not entirely wrong at least
Yes but Christian's role model is Jesus who is a hippy.
And help SA make another humanitarian crisis in Yemen, bigger than the one in Syria
Also, don't get shocked by the long lines at The Louvre.
You're making way too many assumptions without actually having any facts to base your conclusions on.
You played as a time traveler from the future who went to the Roman Empire, the American Revolution and some other periods that I don't remember now
Cyrillic was made in Bulgaria
And yes, Greeks do prefer blonds.
Can't they just pull it out in time?
If you make it cheaper than a shitty jail for life, you will get a lot of innocent people murdered by the state, a LOT.
I did a year university in Florence and remember my landlady telling me about how cats bright bad luck and while people may feed them most Italians would not let them live inside.
Out of curiosity, how many of you actually buy lootboxes
How else will my mom share pictures of her favorite soap opera and follow Gokberk Demirci
I would not recommend that sub to anyone.
After a certain patch I find it pretty exciting to start as some North American tribe and try to fight back those filthy colonisers
Rose valley in Thrace
Whaaat
Just as i read the articles posted on this sub regarding Britain and comments of Brits - i am becoming more anti-british.
When someone in Romania does something stupid, where are the ''Latin'' memes
My best guess would be the language.
TTIP is projected to increase the EU economy by 0.5% by 2027.
Do you think many users will be able to read it in this sub?
I remember when the first private national-wide channel in Bulgaria BTV lunched in 2000 and they were showing some Asterix and Obelix animations all day long.
The remining meaning remaining outside the village.
Dutch organisation
If you burn the male soldiers alive to prepare them you can't use them later in combat, are you stupid?
Taxation has nothing to do with what our hospitals and roads look like
Coincidentally Germany, France and Italy rank lower than Romania and the UK which have almost identical coverage.
As much as I despise this kind of violence and hope things change for the better, it is refreshing to see a politician also get a face full of pepper spray
Before Coca Cola and Pepsi became ubiquitous and before new brands of drinks were established, the main flavours of drinks were lemonade, blueberry and etar
It is a world power and it will continue to be in the foreseeable future.
Or if having a seizure
It's impossible if they're European
Don't you think it is better to start collecting taxes in efficient way.
We both thought it was safe to be our R-rated selfs and talk shit all day long
It went nowhere and was largely seen as a joke/protest here
> majority of their voters, this ranking and especially our glorious 111th position is a fabrication of the West because they hate Bulgaria and are jealous of the progress we've had
I know it's just my bubble but nearly everyone among my high school and university classmates, as well as quite a few of the students I teach now will all be voting the same.
Camped there with the buddies in 2011, barely remember a thing from smoking so much weed
So we really like to take the piss about his colourful vernacular
Because they wave a Spanish flag.....*in Spain*?
People who work get paid health insurance from their salaries (taxes).
Well, when people used to live in the villages they had farms and big houses therefore it was also normal for each family to have 5-6 children sometimes more
Greeks hold fast to demand over guarantees
Turkey’s effort to join the EU is on life support
The refugees aren't actually that many to seem intimidating, visually, judging from my city and what I've read.
Stalin, on the other hand started to fill concentration camps (after the war) with people who opposed the new rising overlord system of mother Russia.
On the other hand, most adults above 40 years old think that cannabis is as bad as heroine while they drink spirits every evening
You live in America and you are Turkish.
(which in my language literary means the Dutchy of Dickland :D)
Did you just completely give up?
I bawl my eyes out every time when I watch Children of Men
There are streets named after him in Greece, for example
Basic income is a bad idea right now.
Not realising the consequences is absolute mindlessness!
Edit: We were the only country in Europe alongside with Denmark, who did not obey Hitler's orders and did not send its Jewish population
> Bolarus
Also the free education only applies for EU nationals like myself which anyways stay here and return the investment everybody else has to pay
I'm surprised North Macedonia beats out Bulgaria for visiting Greece
Yes I agree they acab is stupid but it's free speech
Any funny cultural differences and situations?
It is a general misconception thinking of all snuff as sniff-snuff.
Instances of relocation of jobs affecting public policy in Europe?
Някой, който няма познания за идиоми и фрази. Същата кочинка е със субтитрите на филмите - много е лошо полижението там
The "official English name"? Mate, what
Let alone when most of the world is well below their level of development
Wuppertal's on my bucket list as well
What's PSP, is it Patagonian for something
Can you link me a source on the increased taxes for lower and middle class brackets
"Due to unforeseen difficulties, the Genghis Khan exhibit will be replaced with Winnie the Pooh exhibit
And him not issuing any orders whatsoever in that period is a myth, AFAIK
You don't know how reddit works do you?
I answered your question if it is a cult.
Personally I don't watch TV but my mom wants to have TV when she comes visit and I was planning on getting some basic TV plan anyway so it's a win/win for me
If they can join Kosovo, then I do not see a problem with giving majority Serb areas of Kosovo to Serbia.
And we kinda tend to group the 'Scandinavian countries' together
Half a litre of beer ("big beer") would be...
Yet people still migrate in mass to the US
I do feel connected to the other European countries and I love Europe as a combination of history, culture, values and everything else.
I know there was a law where a company could not slash jobs in France if the company was doing ok globally
Solar highways, sacre blu what a stupid project that was xD
We had a concentration camp before '45?
Every day on my way to my university, I walk through a park filled with remnants of ancient monuments and columns with all sorts of inscriptions on them
Shit I hate being an average Bulgarian
As it is not summer season, there are very few cafeterias and restaurants/pizza places opened and the place is very calm - really appreciate that.
It's good beer
Coast of Bulgaria - for a hour or something, and it melted right after
It’s totally different if it’s cold but a clear sunny day
Against: Dzhambazki, Kyuchyuk, Nekov
But how much taxes did Jeff Bezos and Tim Cook pay
If you are asking about vaporizer, mine is Innokin iTaste VTR.
This isn't reflective of the whole country but at least in my part of it, and in my social circles, it's a prevaling theme
* [Kazanlak Thracian tomb] \- the tomb of a Thracian ruler;
Don't know why but tsar simeon wanted another alphabet so the Preslav literary school made the cyrillic alphabet named in honour of their old teacher Cyril
How is this possible in the capital of country in the heart of EU
I can immediately spot a non-native speaker even from other Slavic languages, let alone from other language families speakers
If I were born in Turkey, then I would have a Turkish flair.
Most of the evidence against Erdogan started coming in after his relations with Putin soured.
Why are all Palestinians, including Christian ones, equally repressed and occupied by Israel, yet there are no Christian Palestinian suicide bombers?
Demoralization among both Syrian and Iraqi forces is obvious and out of doubt.
I'm just pointing out that the whole thing would lead to situations that most people would find absurd.
You can almost always hear the difference when a foreigner is speaking Bulgarian for just a few days, so when somebody says to me "Hello, good morning" or whatever in Bulgarian I always say "nice
Barroso says controversy over his new job shows EU is hostile to US
A train from Germany to Greece will be economically inept
Slavi Trifonov - Gleday kak se pravi]
**Grades 8 - 12:** your longest break is still after the third class, and your classes are now usually 7 per day, 6 if the Gods are merciful
Calling the Cyrillic alphabet anything other than Bulgarian, especially Russian
No offense to Batumi locals but it looks extremely ugly
We are still the poorest country in the EU, the runt, the laughing stock of the whole union and this guy is bragging as if he won a football match
We're always left out :(
It looks really solid but there question marks surely?
I could not understand what exactly bothers you.
That's normal, they're stocking up on food, not poison
We have a village called "Churka" which means "dick"
So any reform be it education,labor or tax is met with unions,students or residents stopping it
There already is enough negativity everywhere.
The ground floor is ,,партер" (parter) and then the one above is ,,Първи етаж" (1st etage - pronounced as in french)
And then of course, playing at the beach
BSP, DPS, Ataka, VMRO are ALL paid by Russia.
It's crazy how Vucic  marketed himself as pro-EU to Serbs and foreigners  when he doesn't act the part
When you're already educated, you can not apply for school, cause at that time we had something like high school for carpenters.
Let's count them, protests in Bulgaria, Hungary, Serbia, where else in the eu are there protests
A lot of people get discouraged very quickly when they come here, and they just get by, usually with English or Russian
The map shows a decent chunk of east and southeast england alongside London.
I have not watched the bulgarian league in the last 6-7 years but I don't think we have had anything like that.
For a bit younger unrelated people we have "батко" and "кака" which are translated as "big brother" and "big sister".
Let's hope Ola continues his legacy :(
I have no issue with Israel historically speaking.
And it did create many business opportunities for western companies.
I am not in the position, nor i have the knowledge, to foresee or judge what will be the impact for the UK, on the international stage, if Britain gets any closer to current american administration.
As in other cases, the adjective means "good" rather than "meh".
Edit: I do appreciate the fact that EU leaders have been able to reach an agreement, though, it felt like a pretty tough fight
It's not like these crossings haven't hurt Europe yet.
>Two beautiful eyes
You can bet your ass if this happened in Poland or Romania the response would be much more severe.
We needed to know everything important about every country
Assuming I work a low-wage job in a high-pay country just because I'm Bulgarian ... smh
You don't deserve this and everyone should cherish Atatürk's legacy.
Because they are a complete fabrication
You're welcome :) Not my find, though, but circulated by friends on FB.
Again comment here also for a better explanation
After a couple of passes that was that; no words uttered
Cyrillic was created by one of their students Climent of Ohrid in the capital of Bulgaria - Preslav.
His stories about scorpions fucking *everywhere* have inspired me to check my shoes for arachnids before I put them on to this day
I meant NGOs operating in another country.
It's not very popular, but as far as I know, it's unique for Bulgaria
I am unfamiliar with the term UNASUR.
And gee, I wonder why no one trusted Stalin
I'm laughing so hard at this right now omg
That's sad
Accept the result and try again in 4 years.
That's why people see 2% growth and interpret it as being on the right track.
Well if you believe "Not in the 30s it wasn't" is funny enough and delivered properly
When and how Ottoman Empire conquered Sudan or Chad?
And honestly i could never understand such mind set - what can you do for me?
Or as my Danish friends like to call it, radiator fluid
This is so good to see
Better living in a village than to be squeezed in that small space article describes!
From an objectivist point of view - yes, they are freedom fighters no matter what methods they use or the consequences of their actions.
Sofia claims to be the second oldest city in Europe, as an area of continuous human habitation since at least the 8th millennium BC, but others have inhabited the area 30,000 years ago.
He appoints the General Prosecutor by a fake vote from the High Judicial Council
I get that the whole "save the memes" thing kind of ended up backfiring, but I think the whole point of it was to show that the proposal was so ridiculously broad that it would end up effectively banning memes, or at least make posting them such a headache that most people wouldn't even bother
Russians have very specific facial features in my opinion, I'm confident I can recognize one in a local crowd
Wouldn't it be good if those that can walk give 0
Well here they fire them for not following the ruling party's guidelines with one of our best journalists working as a taxi driver in Sofia
BTV is owned by a foreign company
Once a Bulgarian, speaking English, presented a Scotswoman as a lady "from England". She got mad and shouted "Scotland
Не се сърди човече
There were similar movements in Greece and Italy
Oh thanks that was the only sentence duolingo taught me xD
From one alphabet to another, not from one language to another
Всички знаем, че голфу двойката е за България :D
Why is Thrace white on the map?
Not willing to be scared of something doesn't mean said something doesn't exist.
BERLIN: Anti-Trump Feminists chant "Allahu Akbar" at "Women's March" against Inauguration
And I would support prosecuting all involved and Geshev should resign in this case
Turkish family minister says she witnessed ‘inhumane treatment’ in Netherlands
"Oh, the EU office gives me good benefits, but look, the Russian office has a great deal from me if only I put in a good word for them at the next staff meeting
never seen one or heard about it.
Cyrillic was created by Slavs, for Slavs
In which country's internal affairs doesn't Russia meddle?
Can confirm
Usually young people gather by the sea side or up in the mountains the night before, drink, listen to music, sing or just generally chill until the morning
I'm from Eastern Bulgaria or " the province". I mean, they call everything the province except the capital Sofia
If norway ever stops doing well without the EU, it's always welcome to join in my opinion
In that context, it is interesting that Greece has actually been able to successfully force another country to change its flag.
Omg, I noticed that yesterday when lots of Reddit comments started calling him the 1% darling out of the blue.
The students that get good grades in school usually start to go in 7th grade
> corrupt ass oligarchy
But no Belarus ^^or ^^I'm ^^just ^^blind.
Ha, jokes on them, my country has no chance to qualify for the world cup anyways
In theory internal extraditions should be a good tool to fight crime as even petty thiefs are international with open borders
Two words: DROB SARMA
Personally I identify with Europe (i.e. it's values), culturally I also identify with Balkan and Slavic states, we have quite a lot in common (listening to the same kind of music, laughing at the same jokes, having similar folklore and traditions, etc)
Although during the 70s and 80s, the communist government thought that Turkish people held a way too positive view of Turkey and that they might want autonomy or more, but the communists were also paranoid idiots so who knows
Media these days is such a joke.
For anybody who wants to copypaste
What if i give your German wealth that puts you in the top 10% of humanity to someone from Chad in the bottom 1%?
Imperial twats lol
The same way the French were ruled by germanic franks which in time assimilated into the latin/celtic culture.
I disagree it is fortunately, on the other hand it is unfortunately.
*and at joining Germany in alliances
I see it more as a whistle-blowing on a national security threat that nobody does anything about and the step to a smearing campaign is quite large.
Either way it looks good
I have made quite clear that my impressions come from the island of Karpathos.
That is why you win only when we are fighting on 4 fronts.
The word Cumhuriyet means Republic.
British prime minister mentioned that in one of her statesments.
Nah, you're [LithuanJah] come and unite, you can't hide it, rasta brotha :)
big bang from geshev - fabricated audio tapes haha
Imagine being in a wheelchair for reasons out of your control
Although Bulgaria is having a nuclear power plant, it still produces ~50% of it's energy from coal, why ?
That's a very disappointing data set
Students always had to be selected for tertiary education
i was just about to say it, thanks for making it easier for me
As if they had a choice
) is the perfect meme target - it's the poorest and most backwater region in the country, plus they have a funny accent/dialect
:)  But in Russian you would immediately know my gender
You guys have a dope ass country and flag
Well the police beat up a  teen while hiding behind a wall so it isnt public but it was recorded anywas so this sparked a lot of negativity  ... and the prime minister is still full of shit with no dignity to resign
In short - QWERTY but different flavours
Stop thinking you're exit is so important to bother the rest with it.
The Party Conventions were covered and now the US is mostly reported on in terms of the pandemic or whatever the Trump gem of the day is
7 months only
I've actually heard the comparison made that France and Belgium's relationship is comparable to that of Bulgaria and (North) Macedonia
You think they believe you guys who bomb them all the time
>The European Union is full of American military bases
Forgot в - means "in" and is pronounced vuv
Just go through some old Yurop vs Yank posts and pick whatever ludicrous claim any side beleived about the other
Just saying they seem way more friendly and brotherly compared to, for example, our relations with N.Macedonia
she spoke no Bulgarian and had never been
Pumpkinhead in action
Unlike the old ones that were not meant to go on phones but for niche applications, before of course they had to standardise
From a neighboring country: "Aah
The thing you get is ease of access and preferential treatment for your companies in those countries.
>It would have made for a fantastic space, and location to be repurposed into a museum documenting the ills of totalitarianism, and the symbol of using that building would have been immense
As I was wearing a suit and a tie she asked me if she should wear her jeans, I was like WTF are you serious wear a dress or something.
But I agree Turkey shouldn't be in same category with us
But from what I've seen from my friends to the North, the fields are almost ready for the first harvest of grain
Because it is staged and the smoke makes the situation seem more dramatic than it actually is in real
And even though they don't have their own country,the stark ethnic differences between the gypsies and the ethnicity of the country they reside can't be glossed over
Why should i be disproving the statement that Europe has had more wars than any other continent, as as opposed to those who make that statement bearing the burden of proof?
It is Eurasia, that is the real name, and it is not super continent as you suggested.
Maybe it refers to communist times
The mountain is 6-8 kms from the city center and if you live in the neighborhoods Dragalevtsi or Boyana it's a walking distance until the National Park Vitosha starts.
When you have shitholes like Skopje and Chisinau its not even close.
[Chushkopek]
Go South though and I'll have a problem
Kick Orban
And why did not he take his family feud to court and instead went to the mafia
We have this dish called "zapekanka", which roughly translated to "baked", but "zapek" also means constipation, so one day Facebook exploded with pictures of a [dinner menu] offering tourists "Constipation with yellow cheese". Also, the word for "tongue" and "language" in Bulgarian is "ezik", so the same menu offered "Language in butter".
Did you watch Trump's latest press conference?
This [picture] is an actual example of that.
That guy is Erdogan's little bitch.
This was a game we used to play on one of my Erasmus exchanges
The desire to create a powerless society in order to trump the basic human right to private property, as anarcho-communists desire, is as despicable as Fascism and Islamism.
One of the cities I lived in
Now you are some sort of federation or quasi federation, and the scars of the civil war are still visible in your society.
I'm sorry, but that's just disingenuous
In recent years the capital Sofia excavated and put to show in the centre its old crossroads of [Ulpia Serdica] they also have 4th century Rotunda, and some other pieces of the old town on show now
I meant it in the context of news generally coming from Scandinavia.
It removes their ability to do dynamic changes to be competitive
2: Is the proposition acceptable
Boys have penises is a controversial, hate filled statement.
Each consecutive decade of numbers follows the pattern: двадесет (dvadeset), meaning “two tens”, followed by “и {number name}” (and  {number name}”) and like this up to a hundred
We love our anthem
Nothing which you would use daily.
Germans are everywhere btw
I am more willing to believe that people living in rural regions (of whom there are more in Bulgaria and Romania) don't have the easy access to processed calorie-dense foods that urban dwellers do.
Help tech startups with some no tax incentive, they will hire young people from University and if they succeed they will bring more in tax over time than the initial bonus
Pronoused the same
The most known gypsie names in Bulgaria are Gucci/Versace/Armani.
Don't know should i include Bila, as their stores are in supermarket ( not hypermarket ) category.
And build the foundations for the several shit hells that we have now?
There are 28 in the whole country - 17 in Sofia, 3 in Varna , 2 in Plovdiv , 2 in Burgas,  2 on Trakia highway, 1 in Sunny Beach,  1 on Hemus highway
Naturally there would be few attacks on it meanwhile its members have lots of opportunities to attack
Plus since you're connected to the EU economies you support you also benefit from your own transfers to them, not so much  from international ones
Its really easy to find weed if you search for it even in smaller towns such as mine which has around 70-80k population but that doesn't change the fact that majority of people here think that weed is a demonic creature
Австро-Унгария (Avstro-Ungariya)
Social-democracy, is the term you are looking for.
Many people would like to see @Nigel_Farage represent Great Britain as their Ambassador to the United States.
I just can't understand it
Bulgaria has no interest in stagnating neighbors and can only benefit from prosperous ones.
For anyone who doesn't consider foreign occupation/aggression and rape moral good.
Be strong brothers and sisters
Hayde, opa doesn’t come close tho, it’s not even among the biggest hits of Andrea here
Yes i realized that once he wrote the USSR was democratic, hence no reply.
That rhetoric goes beyond borders
No it's logical fallacy
It's hilarious you are actually quoting the Turkish Government's official numbers of Kurds.
Morons
I mean, ideally I'd like a party without Erdogan's support, but then DPS isn't exactly a shining beacon either.
I know many americans were really buying that promise, but it was never a thing in Europe.
Sometimes I forget that we are literally bordering Turkey and we are right on the doorway to Asia
To be honest, I'm not that familiar with the "business".
And it's not like we're talking about something from 100 years+ ago...
And you can't be mad about it
In this case, it's not even fourth grade, nobody actually says "Po dyavolite" in real life
Sugar
Never been in Bulgaria
In Sweden, among other places, the elimination has had no effect on inequality, and there are signs it has actually spurred growth
Not even some old forgotten word that means that, it's our modern day word for it
"Don't f*** with me
The Ottoman empire / Turkey
You think they believe you guys who bomb them all the time
But i do not believe all that will be done out of hatred.
Most houses are old, moldy and with old windows
You forgot "You, bloody, damned commie
The only flag in Europe created to stop revisionism that often leads to wars.
Bulgaria was [indeed much larger than shown here]
If you think that is bad - the shortest travel time between Sofia and Silistra is 11 hours
France tried that and it failed miserably, currently it has a higher than both Germany and the UK corporate tax, and higher taxes on the rich, at one point going up to 70% of income
National Security (army), Police, justice, infrastructure etc.
What the fuck guys
However, that percentage drops significantly when shopping outdoors (in local marketplaces for fruit and vegetables, for example)
You know that the current Iranian government is an Islamic (shia) theocracy, right
If the Ottoman Empire was anything like the Spanish in Latin America, you would probably be speaking Turkish today.
Why is it we only fear that the muslims will suicide bomb in a crowded market if their feelings are insulted?
Actually at the moment I make somewhat less money as opposed to if I had followed my original profession, but my current job is also a 100 times less stressful and less demanding than teaching kids about literature
I always thought Germans were the most
It is a must here in Bulgaria
For sure the deal both parties will reach will not be as comprehensive for the business as the current situation, but if things get nasty and messy, both the UK and the EU will lose.
This has nothing to do with who is actually ruling, who is responsible for the state, who leaves a mark on history
I can only speculate she's in some religious sect that is helping her, or she's completely gone off her rocker and devoted all her time into this, cause I can't fathom how she's continuing to do it for 5+ years
Borissov got upgraded
Our communist leaders allegedly set up companies in western Europe under the nose of the Soviet Union, to do some money laundering as soon as they saw the the communist downfall coming
In Bulgaria i remember there was a police scandal 2-3 years go where a policeman falsely accused a girl for damaging his uniform.
People are not voting for AfD because they're cool, they're voting for them because you do indeed have problems that need urgent solving
No one is talking, or at least I'm not talking and neither is Macron for the implementation of fees but for a reform in the bac, as well as fixing a standing issue of low social mobility thru education
And believe me when I tell you, as an Eastern European, they aren't the only symptom
Was it as prosperous as it is now before actually Spain joined the EU and ease the trade with the rock?
) Very very polluten
Even the more controversial parts of the Regime (like the attempt to ethnically cleanse the 13% of the population of Turkish descent) are quite often justified by communist nostalgists, if not straight-up praised
I am really proud of my country taking measures and deciding not to play because of the pandemic
Democracy means that majority rule
They set foot on every continent.
Basil II the Bulgarslayer is the most obvious example I can think of
A lot of people start going in middle school
I believe it is very possible the importers to buy not-so-good-quality Asian made things and sell them as good quality in BG.
LOL
The three main ethnicity started a civil war which actually nobody in the world could not understand what do you fight for.
The entire northeastern region (Vidin, Vratsa, Montana etc
People use it for the bigger exams like for 7th grade (before entering a high school) and before entering an university or 12th grade
Do you genuinely believe enough Americans come even close to caring, so they went out of their way to hire an Armenian.
Winters are the worst because he’s very isolated and gets completely cut off from the outside world
|Desislava Peycheva Dimitrova|Desislava, daughter of Peyko of the family of Dimitar|
Only tax that was implemented was the fuel tax, no other changes to the tax code have been done a part from what we already discussed
Bulgarian is actually an exception as it's a Slavic language and we use articles as well but we have no case system, only remnants of it (there used to be one but it was abolished some time ago)
Е браво бе
For the most part only approved photographers are allowed to take photos (modern devices like cameras  and cell phones are banned) and the photos are then upload on Facebook after the event
LOL...i pointed out we had and still have the same problem in EE.
6 months (or one full semester) is required, and finding a position is entirely up to you, but companies have strong policies in favour of interns
Greetings from Bulgaria
It was one of the major European producers 10 to 15 years ago.
Montenegro on the same distance to Serbia as with Lebanon and Bahrain.
He was never my favorite anyway
Had exactly the same experience during Sofia Earthquake back in 2012, thought intruders broke in trying to steal my bed lol
Greek islands were the weak point, but i assume it is quite difficult to seal off maritime border.
Problem with Denmark entering the public view now is that all these rightwing monsters around the world are going to try and ruin it
Great Britain blocked decisions for further integration in the EU.
Yes it has many problems accumulated during the years to be dealt with.
(actually it's probably still the Britts that are the more unwanted tourists, us being marketed to them as a cheap place to booze up hasn't picked up the best of their clientelle)
/r/Europe for the past few days
Edit: But my classes have always been at around 28
The Napoleonic wars
Because Ukraine simply doesn't have the infrastructure or the legal framework yet.
Or Pinochet saving his country from a rapidly rising tide of Marxism that swept other South American countries, resulting in Chile going from one of the poorest countries on that continent to currently the richest and most stable.
Kindly refrain from twisting 'the cons outweigh to pros' into 'there are no pros', cheers
It's annoying because I live in a town where we have a large population of Muslim and Turkish people, many of my friends and acquaintances are of that ethnic and we live nicely without any issues; It is when those parties and brainwashed people start following the example set by Erdogan and/or related political trouble, then trouble might be just around the corner.
I don't know about grammar being easy
His pension is a joke
Shame on the authorities that could not prevent neo-Nazi march happening again in the Capital.
I think Bulgaria might be because of the large number of British tourists that come
Being protected from violence or the threat of it is a fundamental human right.
If I were you I'd rig the Danube bridges.
For us human rights are more than crucial
Romanian liberal MP: PSD governing program could lead to crisis
The corrupt politicians aren't the disease, but the symptoms
At first I was short-sighted and angry, now I am just sad about it.
Ich habe ein apfel
If I have to though - I'll definitely choose Scotland and possibly Glasgow again
There are prostitutes on the roads.
If we exclude all the massacres and genocides, that is.
It was a train carrying LPG, five confirmed dead, some are with heavy injuries so this is expected to rise
Its during this time we began heavily contributing culturally though a large bit of it is lost because the ottomans like destroying things
Turkish nationalists want to bring the Bulgarian Turks back to the fatherland
They've paid a lot of attention on tourism and making it overall pretty neat and tidy
I am less worried for the German car industry.
) and bury that shitty statue under it, as one architect did indeed propose
When you chew tobacco your mouth tends to water.
Before that they lived a bit north i think, in the area of modern day Samara.
They went to the language test and it placed them in the C1 course immediately
There might be something there
Really
Quote by memory - After leaving the EU, British citizens may need visas for visiting any EU member state.
And spend most of his time conquering and killing people
I know you like to project your believes on other countries because of your lack of knowledge, but your problems with slavery and racism are your problems.
Cool
It depends on the courses of actions that the Union takes
EDIT: TIL UK as well (thanks kind strangers), however Danish kroner are pegged to the Euro via ERM II
i dont know how to beat this one
They are a lot, but mainly two: The Clashers and 'Айде БГ. The latter make top 15 lists and challenges, and The Clashers makes tech reviews and stuff
Hence your answer to the question why i consider it a despicable ideology.
Tell him Eastern Europe is a no go zone
Too late for most places east of the Berlin Wall, sadly
Oh my god are you kidding
Eurozone growth surges in February, composite PMI highest since 2011
I don't people here say immigration is low, rather they're saying immigration isn't nearly as negative as Britain's Leave side was saying.
Learn from your history
"Meh, [as if] I care".
I don't really know how credible that is.
Yoghurt (not the Greek variation, although similar)
It also feels pretty undeserved getting this money in view of the state of the rule of law here, which is virtually non-existent
There is also the factor that this was the situation before he came to power and would be under any regime that actually took the opinion of the people into account
What that legislation will for sure do - boost the black market.
This ranking may be indicative of the guy making burgers at McDonald's, not of the math elite.
While the official language is Bulgarian we do have a significant minority of Turks who speak Turkish if that counts
What are the exclusively African philosophers such a curriculum can study?
Way too hot
I mean Czechia produces more cars than Italy, who would have thought that 15 or 10 years ago!?
Not to mention that the plot was real anyways
Obviously, coats of arms have always been drawn by boys...
I believe this is what a true "troll" is - someone who writes nothing but meaningless insults on the internet.
> I don't know what that means
When I was learning it I would confuse store and magazine, because store in Bulgarian is "magazin".
I've seen what nail artists over there charge $60 for and it's a rip off
UK as well as the EU will have to cope in the future.
He's bullshitting you, most likely he was trying to sell you the idea of "Europe" consisting only of upscale places in order to sound fancy
You did that over the span of 5 centuries all across the balkans in case you've forgotten
I'm positive they have an internal quota to keep the numbers that high.
I thought that Belgium, Swiss and Luxembourg spoke only belgish , swissish and luxembourgish
Could you give me a link to read this
Nobody has a problem as long as you are not messing with them
Not a single Bulgarian will stand with Turkey on the Cypriot question.
Or as how someone French would pronounce that second g.
Is Europe going back to the times when there were countless duchies, fiefdoms, city states and small kingdoms?
In Bulgaria college or university degree counts as tertiary education.
I'm talking about the idea politically promoted during the socialist times that we're only and purely Slavic, on theory originating somewhere around the Baltic states.
German is also very popular, followed by French and Spanish
* Dancing bears
Its really easy to find weed if you search for it even in smaller towns such as mine which has around 70-80k population but that doesn't change the fact that majority of people here think that weed is a demonic creature
Pronunciation is a big reason for that, it sounds very confusing and the orthography is equally puzzling
то на Балканите вече така се нацепихме на народи и народчета, че няма накъде повече...
A mistake i hope we can fix in the future.
Why would you want to say Bulgarian Republic or Italian Republic instead of Bulgaria or Italy
to the bulgarian (and romanian) cyber thieves that are constantly arrested for draining credit cards
Ivan Geshev
All Germanic countries (except the UK) have more obese men than women.
I edited my post with a list of threads about the protests that got removed.
I like playing as the Romans in such games.
>But protests have also erupted over other issues, including calls for higher wages, lower taxes, better pensions and easier university entry requirements
Maybe 'boasting'?
For example all Moroccans have by birth Moroccan nationality which cannot be renounced.
I really feel good when i read such news as it is a proof, that the high-tech stuff and cutting-edge technologies are not reserved just for western countries and Japan.
They all have crazy blond hair
on a stuffed deer
People in the West laugh at people with Eastern dialects and vice versa
You can't really chill/eat/cook with the same clothes you go for coffee with friends
They said without problematic history
We do get people, in small numbers, who move here from abroad
I think their regional accents also have a role in that though
There's also the term "tsarski pishtov", literally "the tzar's gun" for when you completely switch the papers with something you've filled in beforehand
What about inside the transport tho
With all due respect, I arrived to Bulgaria from Vancouver almost 6 years ago and fell in love instantly.
Just get a good ol' map and write "Not Russia", "Still Not Russia", "Definitely Not Russia", "Not Even The Same Language Family as Russia", "Not Siberia", etc
They were never farmers or producers or something
What kind of adverse consequences did Greece suffer for this transgression?
I thought only a person can know his own desires and goals, and the rest can only judge that person by the messages he sends and decisions he makes.
"That'll show them not to be unfriendly to us
You paint a picture of a stance I don't really hold
After years of our government  and prosecution doing nothing about information that Russia had repeatedly tried to poison a weapons manufacturer and his son who were arming Ukraine, they were at last spurred into action  when Czechia said that their deadly blast was meant to go off in Bulgaria and ruin the company's reputation
Think of it as the second g in garage
Right now the 33
How many lawyers use GPG/PGP on a daily basis with their clients?
Someone help me add the flair, please
If your fears do realize, this would be the last betrayal and a sign of forever divided Europe.
I can confirm this
Should there be no political consequences to that?
Universal Music **Belgium**.
The are ways to be environment friendly without building ugly skyscrapers.
On one hand the weapons manufacturer, Gebrev, disputes some of our prosecution's accusations against Russia, on the other he accuses them of shielding the Russian spies
The rounds were just spell a word from the list you've been given a few months prior
Mmm, Germans, French, Italians, Spanish, etc
My point is that if the European Union is to prevent it's member states from being "dominated" by another power, than the E.U.
Why does an extra large pizza cost €40
Our middle and last names usually end in -ov for men, -ova for women
The latest one was in 1999, right?
But he's yet to seize control the way Putin and Erdogan did
This is a silly law and just removes any incentive to setup an HQ or factory in France
When we were little we used to go there on the cheshma and we would tell stories about ghosts and we were sure there were *chumavi* (sick with the Plague) ghosts, that still came to this place at sunset to look for their loved ones
3rd one is "how do I know if I have magic"
The unusually cold winter helped the Finns as well.
We consider Macedonians to be Bulgarians, but they hate us.
It seems your History classes really were shit
For me it has to be [this] It's a harvest song from Thrace
The only way to help them is with investments.
the support for the non recognised occupying forces in Northern Cyprus
That's why it's not the same situation, and in my opinion, isn't hypocritical to be annoyed with such headlines.
Yeaaaah, you are talking out of your ass
* Krum - the Khan that made a drinking cup out of the Byzantine Emperor's head
The most beautiful sounding language is, undoubtedly, the one the person you love is using to speak to you
I believe Juncker's preposition, if accepted, will create the legal base to make a mechanism EZ members to focus on the huge problems in some euro members and will give enough flexibility those problems to be addressed without the permission of every EU member state.
Of the two listed, i would prefer Russia, but Turkey is more likely to join if Erdogan is gone.
Of course all of the gypsy panhandlers ARE fake.
> "just achieve utopia bro"
In Bulgarian, the need for this change isn't really a need, grammatically, but it's leftover from an earlier stage of the language and it's pretty much mandatory speech - it just sounds better if you do it, than if you don't. (I'm sure this is subjective but you can just tell when something sounds *right*, you know
Actually in older times there were male rituals in rivers and lakes (incl.
We were idiots
Uhm
It seems that Macron's liberalization reforms actually did help the unemployment rate
Historically we have always sided with Germany in conflicts and during communism our dictator was friends with theirs.
Last summer a 20-year old hacker has managed to attack our NRA register and get the data of around 5 million citizens only to show how poor the national cyber security systems are
Even SU has significant problems in some faculties
Why do you equate society with taxes?
Is the joke that Trump doesn't know geography?
I'm fine with second-speed Europe, rushing into Schengen or the EEA is going to do more harm, than good.
I know about the 'mixed people', causing unrests, too...
...but the richest 1% is way more wealthier than the rest, and the middle class in Sweden has a better standard of living than the other middle class
The news channels in my country haven't said a thing about it
When I see some americans on reddit talking about eating "breakfast for dinner" on some subs my head starts to hurt.
Not even just that, but a lot of our folk tales don't have a lesson like "be a good person and things will work out", some of them are like "so this guy tricked everyone and got all of their money, he's so clever
There are just eternal interests no friendships.
In the Netherlands
Some of the accents in the Rhodopes are very weird and sometimes hard to understand
I remember my teacher said that the haiduti fought for revenge while normal revolutionaries fought for change, don't know how true that is but generally, the haiduti are positively viewed here
Even these days we see tensions between Flanders and Vallonia in Belguim, and growing separatism in Scotland.
The Marxist nature of the USSR is in my view ridiculous to deny, regardless of its other - imperialist, despotic and colonial attitudes.
And even if you want a day for it this is not the place you try to get it
Oh God
That is, you appeal to this rebellion ideal that doesn't actually manifest in these protests
Sorry, your link only provided a preview, so I couldn't read it.
Oh, you'd be surprised how many students graduate with pretty poor grammar, but that's another story
Especially college in Bulgaria is ridiculously cheap
I don't know products prices in Romania but looking at ours we get worse quality but expensive foods here
And we had really hard time, in fact the current euro crisis is like a kid's game if compared to what the east have been thru.
Вери гуд инглиш, туу! Хау дер дей сей уи донт!
The problem with refugees will be the complete lack of respect and historical and cultural ties to the land they are gonna inhabit and the people living there.
The ones that actually did are the ones people actually mention whereas those that robbed and killed anyone are generally forgotten
Because they're never gonna give free access to men (of if they do it will be to everyone).
If Greece isn't keeping its part of the deal why should the Eurozone keep theirs?
Wow, if we just jad a good snow in Southern Bulgaria
|Albena Marinkina Yavorova|Albena, daughter of Marinka of the family of Yavor|
You can not swallow saliva though!
They are certainly more numerous than you alone.
Are you sure for Greece
Hate those gays haha they're the worst I totally hate them
I personally went to a Bulgarian tutor for the 12th grade exams and I went to courses provided by the university I wanted to get into for their math exam, since it is much harder than the end of the year exam in Math
Huh haven't seen Bulgaria here yet
If (and lets hope not) there is a war , would you like the army to be led by a capable and experienced person or an inexperienced party hag.
(Can start actions for infringements when it wishes, if it wishes and how it wishes; it's the main proposer of legislation at EU level).
But isn't Trump something like Thatcher who was notorious for fucking with miners and such?
On the off chance it sounds rude, better safe than sorry with those things, although the bridge things is real, like how hard is it ;/
I would say that countries in Eastern Europe percieve weed in a similar way
They have products for B2C. Every big hardware store would have their cement mixes
Do you have any evidence of this claim?
Eastern Germany is ruined compared to Western - and it actually was better off historically before 1939.
My washing mashine settings are french
Well USB C is already on it't third major USB gen and it has flexibility and room to grow even more
The forecast is for -20 this weekend in fucking Bulgaria...
Yeah
But if I had to decide right now between 20 more years with the same "EU framework" that you talk about, and the dissolution of the EU, I'd chose the later
People think we speak Russian , the cyrillic alphabet is made in Russia or we are part of Russia
Can you source your claim
Are we responsible for the countries suffering from colonialism?
It might have no effect on you but be sure there are people who would love to see the DDR or the USSR back
Yep, read some Askreddit right after the election and got the impression the guy have prepared for over 10 years to run for President
My got, for so long I was wondering why don't we have Kebab in Bulgaria and what was that mysterious food, it turns out it is Kebabche (seems kinda obvious now, don't judge).
Ha ha ha...Romanians think in versions.
For some of our parties it's not a joke
How is this possible in the capital of country in the heart of EU
I'll be in my bunk
To be honest, I don't think you would meet racism coming here, it's more likely to meet curiosity "Woow, where are you from, do you like it here, tell me more about yourself" stuff like that.
The important thing now is UK not aligning itself with Trump-the-Clown regarding his policies towards Russia.
Have to agree with the ranking of Romania.
It's happening in my country with some nationalities of tourists too, though I can't really tell you who's in vogue now and who not
It's almost like Europeans outnumber Brits in the r/Europe subreddit.
Then he started testing me by asking me some basic Russian words (idk how he knew them) which were very similar to Bulgarian and I knew them, and with that, he became absolutely convinced that I was pretending and lying
The answer is obviously no
Interestingly, in Bulgaria we also use them for that
Обилно in Bulgarian means abundantly.
I'd love to argue but
So their grandfather had a long lost baby brother - the father gave the baby away when the mother died, and it was just impossible for him to take care of all the kids + a baby that needs nursing
The guy just does not give a shit :D.
If I am not mistaken
Romanian labor minister: Public salaries below EUR 882 will double
So we should have been happy that we got to experience/know/see it despite it being 8 centuries old, because nothing is made to last forever
Bulgaria was hit quite hard by refugees trying to go for Western Europe
Let's add Bulgaria to this exact pot, too...
It's pretty much "OMG this person studied abroad, let's call him for an interview
Congrats
Don't mind me, I'm just a history nerd :)
The level of ignorance is astonishing.
Chocolate, Banks, Watches, Rich, Expensive, Neutral, Direct Democracy, CERN.
Many countries do actually, meanwhilte states with huge wellfare and serious taxes all over Western, Northern Europe, the US or South America have riots.
It was the regular people who did it, not some evil corporations.
An eye for an eye
Most of them would only go out past dark if another person is accompanying them, preferably a man, but certainly not alone
It's just not Russia's business to dictate what sovereign countries do.
He was a major figure in Bulgarian history which should not be ignored
Yes, Iceland is probably the only European spot left, where one can touch the pristine nature in all it beauty and wilderness!
Caesar's reputation is so stellar that the titles Tsar and Kaiser were still used into the 20th century while not too many people know about the atrocities he committed during his military campaigns
Phone
40 - 60% - Czech is very easy to understand, in my opinion
Greetings to all users here
I got the article in 1 sec and its a very basic prelude to the whole situation, which includes cheating with the help of the disability commission, living on public land with stolen electricity and so on and so on.
Air pollution is one of the biggest problems here
Весела Коледа!
"Deep south" I've never heard Limburg described like that before
Gotta be the big man himself, Justin "Honor killings aren't barbaric" Trudeau
After that, it depends on where you want to go after high school
Nationalism was developped as a socio-political ideology that aimed to achieve self-governance for ethno-national groups around Europe at a time they were all ruled by around 5 monarchical empires.
Putin, of course
Depends on where you live i guess
What kind of racism this sub has that seems to bash particularly Russian and Turkey, not, say, Spain, Italy, The Netherlands, France or some other.
Unfamiliar with the term - titbit.
ends in -ов, -ова, -ски or -ска, although the latter 2 are more rare
Million = милион (milion)
We must stand by Ukraine against Russian aggression
Back Assad obviously he won't loose the war, there is no point in prolonging it
Banning her from the press meeting would have been worse in my opinion.
there was that kid that was sent to prison for making a joke on League of Legends or something like that
Why would they wanna invade Bulgaria
That better
They receive their British pensions and live in the countryside of Bulgaria where they can't spend much, because everything is cheap or they grow it themselves
“В името на плаченето на глас”
Our typical "main news broadcast" is 30 minutes, 15 of which are events from Bulgaria and 15 - international news, so daily, the US gets
You could check out the St George rotund Church if you're interested in your own Greek history
I fuckin love [these] They are more usually made for Christmas Eve, when there should be odd number of meatless meals.
They also made Surviving Mars, which also did pretty well
I try to match it but I'm always too hungry, so I will usually have finished my meal a long time ago
I wonder why on earth it takes so long for the west to finish with ISIS for once and for all?
This probably a bit of illogical and unpopular opinion, but I approach this from another angle
At the very least it seems others weren't forced
The party is registered and is supported by the Turkish government which lead to several Turkish citizens being kicked out of the country as they were a threat to national security.
This line of thinking never ends well
In 2013 the 4th biggest bank in the country was forcefully bankrupted by the state under his command, so that he wouldn't have to return his loans and he would be able to steal the bank's assets
Hope Bulgaria follows suit soon.
It's not only that
There's also an active mountain biking community (if that's what you wanted to know about).
Bulgar names like Kubrat, Asparukh and Tervel
In fact i think the biggest export from eastern countries to Britain is manpower.
00 and 10 000 000,00 are both right
That's a bit of a one-sided view.
The data
High ranked economist stated that if UK exits the continental union, it'll turn into nation of lobbyists.
There are plenty of buses, you can walk almost everywhere and work is 1 min walk from home
Vasil Levski or Ivan Vazov .The people wanted to make the first guy (Vasil Levski) a real saint, but the church did not accept that
She refused debates which is just weak if you claim to be a democrat.
You mean that ISIS is directly taking advantage of the refugee crisis?
They were also murdering the peace keeping forces of the UN
>On February 14th Jean-Michel Blanquer, the education minister and a former director of ESSEC, a top French business school, is due to unveil his reform plans for the bac
for Bulgaria it would be juuust a bit of a plus.
>pro-rich reforms have already gone throug
) Not if your last class was cancelled, not if a teacher was absent and no one could replace them
Our parents/grandparents badger us constantly about it, but realistically they know that things happen slower than they did in their time
'' It just doesn't have any soul
Picture must've been taken during the summer i guess.
And the Western Morava valley from Serbia
Thanks neighbours :X Some of this surely because of your own growth, we're supposed to hit over 1 million Romanian tourists this year!
Bulgaria needs urgently to start investing in cleaner energy and reduce the amount of old cars.
It helps with tourism tho
get yourselves tested, people
Probably going to be what our next civil war is about
Never thought the US will make such a sharp turn towards isolationism to a scale unprecedented for many decades now.
It’s tough
I don't know how it is in Romania but in Bulgaria pensioners vote for the party that stole the pension funds multiple times
His Bulgarian is practically shit
Depends on what standards are set obviously.
Sofia-Varna (520km, 8h travel time) with a sleeping coach (there are options to reserve a cabin for 1-3 people) is €17, about 10euro with a discount card
Lol, where are you - Varna, Plovdiv, Sofia
Who do you think you are to send troops or gunboats behind your borders in your neighboring lands and seas?
The grammar, on the other hand, is quite strange even for speakers of other Slavic languages and foreigners almost always make the same mistakes that to a native speaker seem so silly and will reveal the fact that you are a non-native within seconds
Wallachia and Moldavia are getting more turnout than the old Hungarian provinces
Don't go to a country with a completely different language without knowing some BASIC sentences, like asking if they speak English, being able to ask for help, or even "thank you
Джон мейд хис уей ту а тавърн тру дъ дарк форест, онли ту файнд аут дат хи форгот дъ мъни.
Whole of Europe I would imagine
Also the paranoid fuck sleeps with a glock on his drawer, despite being guarded by our national security agency - again presumably because he is so deep into schemes with criminals that he's afraid for his life, or the gun is just a habit out of his murky friend-with-racketeers-and-mafia past
Everybody is liberal/progressive beyond imagination
That's a plus
Гууд лък трайинг ту рийд дис, съкърс. Бът иф ю мениджт, ю ар пробабли славик, анд ай ем стил импресд, комред.
My reply was - I use my real names and you can find my facebook profile and see what i really look like.
And literature should be mandatory
Not all Dutch people of course, but this seems to be one of them
That's laughably little to be honest, and in my opinion, not worth the decrease of sovereignty or the Americanization of the EU's business models.
I'm certainly disappointed that we have 51% but its also not that bad.
I hope Europe (and especially West Europe) moves to a more gun-friendly future.
And the thing us that very often on international level our government would support some policy while domestically would execute exactly the opposite
It was a human rights and a demographic catastrophe
So we're the only EU country where coal has grown over this period
At all
He's a politician and a KGB agent, maybe he
:D Then I remembered "The hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy"
But i really am getting sick and tired of it.
There were little to none thracians when the Bulgars came
The idea of what I wrote is that since the foundation of Bulgaria the name has always been Bulgaria and nothing else
i dont know how to beat this one
Австро-унгария - Avstro-ungaria
Brace for a massive butthurt from him.
I felt the urge to just say that not all 7 million of us are part of these protests (in fact is a very small percentage of the population) that do
Threads like this are a good example of what happens when you get a brexit brigade on deck.
Don't feel bad
FYI to the others, this is every Balkan man when he comes home after months spent in the West...
What are her political views
Of course it's Boyko, he's a legendary meme icon in our country, something like Trump to americans
If I remember correctly it's forbidden to shoot porn in Bulgaria
German language was a taboo for a while.
We just picked a socialist pro-Russian president.
OKe I'm out
People wear them because it's comfortable.
Please don't use personal attacks.
DAE think that easterners are stupid because they live in poverty on purpose
We have the mighty czechs, and the powerful slovenes at our side!
One thing however is for sure, the tensions will make some countries to raise their military expenditures including non-european states.
The stupidity is quite alarming
it will evolve to some closer system no matter what's the first system that will be established after the unification.
It's like the divider between the old world and the new
Haven't seen it in Bulgaria yet (though we do have some Russian stores)
Last time we had 25 parties and here is our [ballot] You mark the party on the left and then on the right you can mark a preferred candidate
/r/Europe: science denial and totalitarianism
You should play around it with it.
Injecting a further 1B in the economy would easily add 1% to our GDP growth.
- 2 weeks worth of food for a single person like me .
As you said yourself, the muslims we are talking about (and in fact the vast majority of recent muslim terrorist) are here because of past immigration, and in most cases the perpetrators aren't technically immigrants themselves but the children or grandchildren of such.
Actually, he witnessed a dear friend of his sacrifice himself to save him, all avoidable if it wasn't for the tyranny
I have, if after an hour of driving on highway your kidney stones haven't broken, it's a good highway for Bulgarian standards
Hmmm nope
Interesting
For: it's Slavic and phonetic, meaning it will be easier to pick up for many countries
Basically a motor connected to rotating blades down your sink drain that allows you to put food waste down the sink instead of putting it in the trash where it may start to smell
Man you should visit the Balkans
Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov says the Baltic countries have shown no gratitude to Moscow for letting them "go in peace" after the Soviet Union collapsed.
I cannot fucking believe you also *tip* for that
My God, just checked the statistics!
" It comes from labelling their language as "gibberish" centuries ago, and it just stuck, transcending borders between us
I'm form Bulgaria and I pay 15 euros for 1gbps internet
Awww, looks like u offended people over the internet.
Another example that the real size website is garbage
Not homemade ketchup, it is pretty great.
There are whole apartment complexes that are closed and for Russians, only
I hope the same thing
Haiduti
When i was a kid we had a costume competition at school one year and i won second place for dressing up as Baba Yaga.
More like our little cousin who is in his rebelious teenager phase
"Don't you know that the bird is the word,
White people just don't have nipples *this* big.
[You can trust a thief, but you cannot trust a liar.]
ends in -ов, -ова, -ски or -ска, although the latter 2 are more rare
The thing that surprised me the most after I moved from Moscow to Bulgaria is when I lived in Russia everything around was in Russian
These kids are too old for that "study hall" option
] Don't know how he even got there, but everybody made fun of his English and overall incompetence
If the Chechens are oppressed, it's by other Chechens
I was touth about North and South America,  Australia and Oceania
The increase is only 1 billion euro which is by no means tremendous as compared to the entire deal
Most Europeans are ahead and a few are behind so there is no rival
Works just as well
You win
> It's the North Macedonians who have am entirely different story
Both have sharp point and long body and that is where resemblance stops.
It is interesting that two neighboring countries can be on the opposite sides of the spectrum.
And i think hard Brexit is better option for both UK and EU.
Although with mandatory FPTP voting,which we also voted on in a retarded referendum today, they still win
These types of filters would required an unimaginable amounts of computing powers, on par if not greater than Google itself
That is 53 year old Mark Rutte
It's part of the big three broadcasters in Bulgaria, the other two being Nova and bTV
I wouldn't want to move Bulgaria in to theCET zone.
Oh, damn near every fairytale featured some beheading, torture or other brutality
Do you check other girls out?"
But frontex is on the border already.
America can turn upside down, or shoot itself on the moon.
Edit: same with ThyssenKrupp, Schindler and Otis
Liberal Democratic Party (Turkey)'s satirical tweet about the government's perspective of Europe nowadays [x-post from /r/MapPorn]
Or did you really think 2015 was the worst year for Spaniards ever?
And not all his supporters wanted to leave, so there wasn't any chance
The increase has been growing exponentially, not as a wave that stopped, [here are the statistics]#1960-1970s_labour_immigration), between 1999 and 2005 alone the Algerians increased by +18.3% and the Morrocans by +19.5%.
I'd rank it better but  I think we're kinda talking about different things
Imagine getting 1000 lev and only seeing 600 of it, but not only do you have less money, everything is more expensive now, cause corporate tax is higher, that means you have less money,higher bills and higher prices
Some photos here and there, but not much
The thing is: this BS is not about Netherlands at all.
And Pirinski, being born in the US with a Bulgarian father and a Slovenian mother was out of luck
I don't think so
Lets hope those new developments bring new excitement to the stats.
Eastern European managers at their finest
why am i reading this with a french accent in my mind
Point is, the EU gives europeans power and influence, while helping literally everyone in a way
The taxi drivers are notorious scammers, it's insane
The stones around are flower's environment!
Another reason is,when for example a pack of 300 gypsies moves to a German/English/French town to abuse welfare after which you get the local medias writing articles about that
Streets in a lot cities are made hundreds of years before skyscrapers existed,  they are narrow and not very straight, so it would be very hard to build a building as huge as a skyscraper all also they are ugly and stand out way too much for an old city center with old beautiful buildings
They just see two sides still and chose one.
Talk about blatant discrimination
There's 6 months until the second round.
They didn't liberate shit
Ukraine at the very least knew that the rebels had access to a Buk system and didn't do anything to notify airlines flying over the war zone about this
Yikes
The title is misleading
Especially since it was the local Romanian and Bulgarian populace that was the subject
Professionals are paid to follow orders.
* кльомба (klyomba) - I have no idea what it means but it sounds like something round and blobby
It is not about refugees in general.
If you look at my profile you'll see i never posted in some British subreddit, in fact don't know if there are any British subreddit.
It's ridiculous, isn't it
A lot of people have either been in Bulgaria or know someone that has
In Bulgaria people put mustard/ketchup/mayo all over their pizza before eating
15 km away from hometown
Yeah, like they'll matter if there's no one to judge you.
Without it, your post makes good points.
And the anti-EU sentiment that the crisis has fueled is also damaging to us.
The balkans doing better than western europe ?
Italian - Grazie
Why
Try telling this to a Greek that Ancient Greece has nothing in common with modern Greece :)
Europe's population as a whole would easily have crossed a billion people if it wasn't for the two world wars and the horrific consequences they had for our demography
there was ice-cream
My country never fails to amaze me
That's such a shallow view of how a democracy as large as the EU operates
So yeah that's good results I guess
Bulgaria
Of course a smoker or an obese person should pay more for his health insurance.
This is what a growing identity is about
It sucks though because it's not   objective, cause it's widespread and because it's not some harmless little myth but something big that actually affects important political decisions and ends up hurting our chances at prosperity
I think people here trust neither Russia nor the US as a military ally.
Nobody has a problem as long as you are not messing with them
We're not and we don't. The other thing is, we usually get asked questions about the Yugoslav war or some bullshit about "the powderkeg of Europe". It gets old considering we didn't take any part in the Yugoslav war and haven't been in a war since WW2
Spoken I can understand the jist of it but it takes a lot of focus to follow and won't work all the time
That is exactly the reason why so few people are fluent or at least conversational in English
I guess libertardians still use that word.
If they are arrested in Bulgaria and sent back to Germany there is a good chance victims will testify and they will be convicted
Please respect the culture
People who aren't comfortable with it can wait in the queue for the normal toilet
I suspect the motives for the assassination of Julius Caesar were probably many and varied among his killers
I didn't mention or mean the UK.
Movies and TV especially
Yes it is possible, but I do not know for now
It's kind of ironic, but all the people with some kind of power - even...
Russia got decimated in Finland
Wait a sec, where is Republic of North Macedonia
the thing is the balknas have split so much over the years that they didnt even bother
Death tolls on the roads were decreasing until the mid 1980s.
Emmanuel Todd speculates that so and so is true but he presents no real proof but offering more assertions
In fact we're expecting an enlargement!
[I am pretty sure Bulgaria's PM will win
Now I know why
[\[22\]]
So around a thousand people
And of course if you don't pay for a hotel ( like 100 euros per night ) it cuts your costs.
But I come with a fantastic suggestion for all Eastern (and some Central) European countries: "Not Russia".
I don't think that you understand Trump supporters
France tried that and it failed miserably, currently it has a higher than both Germany and the UK corporate tax, and higher taxes on the rich, at one point going up to 70% of income
These ideas work everywhere
Names, by extension, are very versatile - you can have *Ivan*, the default name
You won't see elementary students going to private classes
Ha, western Europeans squabbling over historical claims and living in the past, typical!
Thanks
We have quite a decent variety in Bulgaria as well, but the picking itself is not as popular as in central/eastern europe.
Glad that came to an end and most of us don't have to face a moronic dictator right now.
Montenegro is such a tiny country though that I don't think the EU would even notice a difference with or without them.
Can you please move the Iron Curtain a little bit further east?
Kosovo je Makedonska je Bugarska!
Ah that's nice man
Get back on line, even Romanian politicians feel like puppies (no offense neighbors,  we like you) compared to our greedy fat grease fucks
If anything because of the rampant corruption and amazing incompetency  a low taxation level is preferred
In Bulgaria black olives are a standard
I was going to school alone ever since 2nd grade
Still full of shit, we can tell.
It is from afar in the case of the most moralistic ones, like Germany, the Netherlands and the nordics which don't have big roma population.
I lived there for an year and a half and I have to say there are some things to see, it is by the sea which gives bonus points and I like the general calmness that the city brings to it's citizens
Additional things you might want to check out is boza, a wheat-based creamy sweet drink, banitza, pastry filled typically with cheese (balkan cheese, not that yellow stuff), and tarator, basically what the greeks call tzatziki but made with bulgarian yogurt, garlic, and it's a soup instead of a salad (it's ideal for hot summer weather)
Disregard flag beside name, is not true.
Schools are for education, not fun.
Koprivshtitsa: [1] [2]
Losses like that create generational holes that can never be filled
For me, going to Bulgarian classes was necessary (mostly because I had only been in Bulgaria for about 3-4 years back then) but math was unnecessary - our school teacher taught us more than what I learnt during the private lessons
They basically tried to make the point that Bulgaria's territory belongs to Turkey.
Turns out, and I actually got into a fight over this, I should have somehow forced myself in front of him and taken the money out of the cashiers hands and replaced it with my own money, and then argued about it with him in public like a bunch of lunatics
Due to the fact that Serbs liberated earlier from the Ottoman Empire they had more time to make it a trully imposing city.
I would like to be able to watch the NHL, but I guess its more canadian than american?
4 Improvisation] for a more calmer, contained one, a personal favorite
Ye the inclusion of Vienna does make the claim dubious.
By the time Malta joined there was only one microstate - Luxembourg which was in a block called Benelux.
I've met foreigners with the *slightest* accents and excellent grammar, to the point I didn't even know they aren't native speakers, I just thought they were from different parts of the country
For example, in the US crimes motivated by racial, ethnic, or religious hatred are punished more severely.
500 year long Ottoman rule which stopped all country development for 5 centuries
Bulgaria has nice beaches
Can not blame any of these states for taking care of their own citizens on the first place.
Generally, the less urban, the higher chance of it being something else
I think it's important for countries to have documentaries that show their enemies/foes in their true colors, not some bias propaganda.
This is the first day since the April snowfalls to have such temperatures
I don't have much info on the filtering requirements on article 13, but I have not seen any proof or documentation that says it will censor content, or affect memes in any way, besides the echo chamber
>I assume the government uses Bulgaria as a positive example
But yeah pretty much correct
But if you make a wrong one get ready for a debate boyo lol
Damn, most of this also applies here,too
Will post the picture in another sub and they will tell me the name.
To force a singular Bulgarian identity and make people love the country which is just codeword for the ruling regime (BKP at the time)
On the bright side, it seems like people who believe this have become a laughing stock and are taken less seriously
223-234 TFEU to see what does the European Parliament, as an institutions, does in general.
Did the French leave Europe while nobody was looking
Exactly
The offer is still up, I just wasn't looking at the right place:
I don't know about grammar being easy
Any argument against brexit applies to Scotland leaving the UK, much more strongly
But I will agree that we were greedy and should have put diplomacy above some useless lands and quick profit
I'd rather invest in Mexico and Russia right now, tbh.
Texas - where everything's big!
Keep in mind that doesn't mean you hate other people.
It's bad to have child protection laws and agencies, because these agencies will kidnap your kids and will send them to the Netherlands to be adopted by gay couples
What I find interesting is that young scandinavians want to leave the EU
Some of Sofia's districts and neighbourhoods, translated
Even in the supermarket we could barely afford a candy bar (which came in around 3 Chf - about 8 times more expensive than what you would usually pay for the same brand back home)
I'm also a number of other things as well and I feel no internal struggle.
Neither of those governments denies the Holocaust (unlike i.e. the Armenian genocide)
A TON of laws have passed SPECIFICALLY for poorer people ! Like higher (+100€) minimum pensions for the retired ? Like the transfer of social contributions from the retired (except the poorest retired) to the workers ? Like the removal of the local housing tax except for richer people ?The ONLY law that was passed specifically for rich people was the removal of the "Impôt sur la Fortune", which was scientifically a terrible, terrible tax which did not succeed at transferring money from the rich to the poor
Thank you to all the western Europeans that founded the EU keeping peace on the continent and which will eventually turn all of Europe into a great place to live
As a Swede posted the picture, i would guess the plane is SAAB.
Is EarthPorn leaking
Fuck you for making a joke about this.
And of course, allow anyone that likes to leave the country on his own account to do so via an airport/ship.
They're going to be so shocked when they find out EU plans not to give them access to the single market without freedom of movement and yearly payments!
Funny thing is, they tried to do the same bullshit propaganda with the Netherlands
Ireland is 21 places below the UK while Lithuania is leading the EU.
Rest in peace
Anyway, at one stop a crying boy and an elderly woman (his grandmother, probably) come on
We call Romanians 'Mamaligari' - basically eating mamaliga (maize poridge)
First are younger people that move out of big cities and buy some house closeby on the cheap, all while continuing working their jobs remotely, planning to do the same in the next years
I wonder what other 'justifications' people gave.
A lot of people do consider those evil.
I don't see anthropological arguments as a basis to make current governance
Pity that UK and EU will divorce, hopefully it will not be messy and nasty.
Some of these seem way too innocent to be credible
We are all *really* jealous of america and admire/worship it constanly
And so on
Don't want to trigger people, but curiosity begs - what kind of people are we talking about - recent immigrants
Hever heard it before but hey learnt something new
While this doesn't exhortation what happened, it's not like Russia was trying to find a way to murder Dutch people
We say in it's mother's (or ant) pussy or in geography's ass
The rest can be found in English [here]
Pretty much 90% of your argument is strawmaning what I've said and what it actually meant instead of taking it at face value
like osman oktay said they will do anything to spark riots as excuse to lock everyone, shut down the country, no protest
Why am I asking that
In one of the muslim parallel societies across Europe that have formed like cultural colonies due to the migration from Mid East, Africa and Asia.
Honestly, what's the point of it and how do any possible benefits outweigh all the negatives?
I think most people would read it phonetically as if it was written in Bulgarian.
Even if I trust the ones in power now who's to say one day a dictator won't come to power?
I'd guess Kurdzhali province, since it's right at the southern border and it's populated primarily by ethnic Turks
Also general von Mackensen having the command there helped a lot.
Russophile politicians loved this move and a lot of them used it as ammunition against the EU
Anyway, I enjoy browsing this subreddit and learning about the other European countries so much
Playing 15000 kaba gaidas right into your ears :P
This guy is so retarded I'm ashamed that he's Slavic
With the rise of nationalistic ideas, nation states were build on political and ethnic grounds with a lot "population exchanges".
Also I believe the industry and the government are trying to attract more foreign tourists because the Bulgarian will never pay 10-15 euros for umbrella and sun bed (if this is how it is called) on a beach that is suppose to be free for everyone
>judge it as according to the times he lived in as opposed to the times we live in now
The declaration of independence was issued in 2008, not 2007.
BTV is owned by a foreign company
However this articles is for currencies.
There I found a 1980’s translation of “The left hand of darkness” by Ursula Le Guin
**Bulgar (pre-Christian) names:** Kubrat, Asparukh, Kormesiy, Kormisosh, Vineh, Telets, Sabin, Umor, Toktu, Pagan, Kardam, Malamir, Saver, Tervel, Telerig, Presian, Omurtag, Krum, Boris, Rasate
The Dutch have hands down the worst English accent
This event is important because with the creation of the Cyrillic alphabet and the development of a Bulgarian culture, during the time of Simeon, the Bulgar nobility is completely assimilated into the Slav population, creating what can finally be called Bulgarians
" However, ***правя*** can mean ***do***. For example, ***Правя нещо*** commonly means ***I'm doing something*** although it also means ***I'm making something***. So it can be translated as both ***make sex*** and ***do sex***.
However I have never seen a police officer drawing their gun
I don't understand comments like this
So tying that with your first comment you're saying Russia has learned it's lesson not to overspend on military?
And within a month gotta start using liquids with 0.3% nicotine, at the end - 0%.
so what
Coming from the other side of the iron curtain, I remember my father complaining how before 1989 he war was presented as almost 100% Soviet effort with no mention of things like the North African campaign and the war in the far east
And many on the far left admire Lenin, doesn't mean if you dissaprove of Capitalism you must approve of GULAGs.
Ivan Vazov,
That
Tsar's party was NDSV (note that I am just transliterating, not translating the abbreviations)
I know my mom was once bitten by one and my brother got scared by one
To me its literally a day when I have a nice dinner with my family and exchange presents.
Turns out his wife was pregnant with twins and after some quick calculations prices for care were ridiculous according to him
21-22C - Thermostat is set at 22C, but don't think it's uniform around the whole room
For the Bulgarian author - probably Elin Pelin (or Iordan Iovkov).
It is implied
Ayy, didn't that cat get a statue?
That guy think the UK should send boats to retake Ireland.
looks like a civ leader screen
All stereotypes have a grain of truth in them I suppose
CIA, FBI and the intelligence community at large are on the same page.
I don't know of any specific job that gets called out like this here but there's a common saying that you should study hard so you won't have to work hard, which is wrong on so many levels
at all times, even during the evening
Real recognizes real and all that
wait for it
Of course, my female friends have it a bit tougher
Thank your brother for the support from me :) , as a matter of fact what H.Ivanov said the other day was that if we tell and explain our cause to at least one more person,just the word to mouth will get us the needed votes.
For: Ademov, Ali, Hyusmenova, Kouroumbashev, Malinov, Mihaylova, Pirinski, Radev, Stanishev
The Dutch have hands down the worst English accent
To make sure that, what we take now is given back to you in the future
A true European
It's technically 40 BGN for just 1gbps internet
Volya is led by a complete moron known for his shadowy business.
NOOO
Why Germany
It's way too expensive otherwise cause game prices are not region adjusted and nobody wants to spend half of their monthly income on one game.
Russia is being slowed down thanks the idiotic government
In Bulgaria I've heard the Chinese investment promoters say the same: we have long diplomatic relations, everyday people in China totally know about Bulgaria and like it very much, blah blah
Even some low paid workers, while in Bulgaria is a common thing even a high paying workers to speak garbage english (source: I've been to a few conferences where I literally cannot understand what they're talking, since their accent is the worst, no idea why they're even trying)
As far as I know the only European country who still uses the name of its founding in 681.
The numbers speak for that matter.
>**Art
Do you have to relocate to another city?
This right now is just uncertainty, it's peanuts compared to losing the single market.
Bulgaria shocked me
I think this is an interesting possibility to discuss.
I think there is a big chance its confirmed to pass tomorrow.
But as long as you attend school and watch TV, you'll be exposed to proper Bulgarian
Деба crew
Policymaking level 9999
We live in Europe
On the other hand, we have russophiles that have no problems making the choice.
(Edit: To stir things up, I actually love and eat only two types of pizza, Margarita and Marinara
Жули до дупка, вуте-е-е!
We had to learn where every country in the world is, what its capital is and some basic facts, including climate and exports
Most people call it "маймунско а"(monkey a), I just call it "at", bacouse it is shorter and easier
You have no time for anything
max 5-10 minutes across all news broadcasts, but most of that are repeats of the same news, which is fine
Greece is
Continent: I don't know
[Flowers of Europe] While hiking last fall, found this flowering plant and butterflies around it.
If someone knows other way around, please share it!
Ive noticed Bosniaks kinda draw their words out while Serbs just sound like Russians/Ukranians/Bulgarians
I hope the Craiova Group can prosper together
You forgot to include the Moon :)
They are never gonna make America great with those subpar tons
Six of my classmates won beauty pageants
At least her bank account does which is much worse.
Well here they fire them for not following the ruling party's guidelines with one of our best journalists working as a taxi driver in Sofia
Voting is compulsory, but any consequences for not voting are unconstitutional, so the only effect this has is that the voting information ads on TV mention that voting is compulsory
Let's not start on the gypsy neighborhoods.
In my country (Bulgaria) they sell good things with good quality, and it looks like they are going not for the big countries but for the medium type of countries,  that don't have very good economy and at the same time they don't have the worst
It's just that no one tries to enforce the law
> The possibility of criminalizing “insulting the state or its leaders” is again being discussed at high levels
The main reason for еnglish-speaking dominance comes from citations.
If that doesn't count then during the period with Khan Krum
For example, Britain has lost more money in revenue since Brexit, than what it had spent on Europe in all it's years on the EU
Pretty good compared to most jobs in the entire country
In fact most money are coming from the States.
Boyko
That's your rival
Labels make the cartoon" Garrison.
There were delusional redditors claiming this will destroy VW, that collapse was inevitable.
Thank you
I sometimes ride the train to my town even though driving is faster and sometimes even cheaper (when with passengers), I just really like trains and want to give the national railway company a few more rides to that destination to make sure they don't close the route
Yes
Interestingly, today Montenegro is a de facto member of the eurozone as it has [unilaterally adopted the euro-currency]#Direct_usage).
>Despite spending as much on secondary schooling as other OECD countries, France no longer achieves corresponding results
And because of higher salary i have to squeeze myself in such small cube that will feel like suffocation.
TBH you can easily lump the balkan, world, spanish and russian civil wars into one big 50 year-long conflict, and future history lessons will almost certainly do so
Holding the door is not in any way shocking and small talk is completely useless waste of time.
So what you are saying is it is impossible to make a international political movement ?
Where have you seen in my posts complaining?
If you judge the people of the past by the standards of the present, of course they'd fail to measure up.
>Cartoon Network
Really
You can set a desired arrival time which is very handy
On the right - core ideas like personal freedom over government control might lead you to the fringe ideas of NWG in the same way the core left ideas of social equity end up leading you to Marxist forums or Soviet Apologetics.
In Netherlands, the bike is part of the formal attire
It can't work without a functioning justice system.
Some times in reverse order
After the defeat, Ivaylo took the throne and ruled for a year until 1279
As someone with some inside information from one of our news websites(spent a few months there working as a data scientist), I can confirm that there was a small but very organized group of trolls, quite possibly on someone's payroll.
I can see how this can make a scene but how can they force you to pay without beating you up
But they're not which shows their hypocrisy and how they don't really stand for the things they say they stand for
yeah but i dont get why were still pissed bout the ottomans, turks and ottomans are very didferent and there is no point in shaming the turks coz of their ancestors
As for university, they are not really ideal for making programmers, unless a specific department is really good for some reason.
The cat doesn't look like stray one.
There's so little resources available it's crazy
Two years ago Germany did not have minimum salary as well.
This was step 1
A funny one for me is names
Other people to pay for the good life you greeks couldn't afford?
We learnt a bit about the tribes that ransacked Rome but less about their history and more about the ransacking
And we end up compensating by excessively praising mediocre achievements of Bulgarians(often times emmigrants who probably don't identify with being Bulgarian much) instead of focusing on what we can do here and now and believing in ourselves
Actually, he witnessed a dear friend of his sacrifice himself to save him, all avoidable if it wasn't for the tyranny
Gibraltar is thriving society thanks to the trade and services it can offer to shipping industry.
Imagine if they put in the 3000mAh that budget Motorolas come with.
I cannot remember a single time when I've eaten meat on pizza, let alone sea creature on pizza
Cool thing is if you like one of them there's like 10 different versions of it you can try lol
Thanks, commies, for murdering our beautiful language by removing glorious letters like ѣ and Ѫ just to make it closer to Russian.
I know a proud brexiter doesn't see things that way but it is what it is.
Later when the communists took over and we were buddying up with the Russians, this relative went together with 500000 of his country men to fight the nazis all the way to Vienna, though he was on a detachment that only reached as far as Hungary before the war was over
All we can do is make predictions and mine is that China will have more than 1.5 bigger gdp and the same military budget as the states by 2050, you are free to believe that the morons who thought a country the size of Japan can pass the US are somehow indicative of the situation with China.
I was born in Bulgaria and I have every right to express opinions with a Bulgarian flair as you do.
Since when i live in the German Empire?
Go back to the basement with your tinfoil hat and continue contemplating humanity's doom.
Something like: "Why did you tell her that?
there are more Muslims than Christians which are the majority here
Looks a bit like those dreams where you're falling infinitely long.
Also, the most expensive watch we found was 1
You can translate some words like "voevoda" to "chieftain" but you do lose something along the way of translation
Technically we were alies of the Germans so I feel by proxy I can relay the story of one relative of mine
Бъбрек, бюрек, чаршаф и чорапи are also used in Bulgarian, but бакър, пешкир and челик are considered archaic/old-fashined and you can only hear them out of the mouths of old people (or peasants, which is almost synonymous)
The Balkan Union smashed them in the beginning of the last century.
My daughter calls it sweet wasabi!
People can't even give a proper answer why they are protesting when interviewed by the media
The news now is that the mosaic is finally being unearthed
You don't deal with extremism by going to the opposite extreme.
I mean given how fast Bulgaria and Romania got out of the post commie hole after joining the EU it might be mutually beneficial
Shes actually worried and he's so stupid he thinks shes just teasing
[Here] is the data about UASG and [here] about Varna regarding architecture degrees
Dimitrovgrad, Kardzhali, Pernik or Targovishte these are the cities which i will say are the worst
Yeah, it really bugs me when people cite the Wikipedia figures for people killed by the Mongols as if they are gospel truth
We have potato "meatballs" of sorts, pretty ok as far as veterinarian things go.
looks like a civ leader screen
I could see this power being far more abused  if it were in the hands of many others
You can't occupy your own people.
Can anyone explain why is the Polish govt doing this
Member of ALDE, EU MEPs vote accordingly
Please comment to explain more in-depth the situation
I think I've seen ONE like that in my life, and I'm 32 years old
Bulgarians usually never enter those districts.
Like grades 1-2 kids won't even comprehend something as complex as a nation's history, but grades 3-4 you should at least start to build it
You still equate society with progressive taxes and wellfare - the things i call theft.
I think, especially in the context of a Turkey-Armenia conflict, that's what matters
(ѣ has dual purpose, it can sound like "ja" in Eastern dialects (mljako - milk), or like "e" in Western (mleko - milk).
The EU needs to change, and needs to change *fast*.
Considering Sarkozy's [corruption scandals]#Accusations_of_nepotism) I wouldn't trust him to lead the EU.
I don't drink with Brits as they tend to get pissed drunk.
Have a nice day
Not only that, my unicorn friend, but the money sinking into mafia pockets will actually make things worse here
EU MEPs do not follow PES in votes
Often the people who live there are old and believe it or not quite a few apartments are uninhabited .
Also, cowboys and Mexicans could be much more alike than you like to imagine, outside of the movies
English doesn't have the same concept of place suffixes we have in Bulgarian, such as "-vo", "-en", so I had to improvise a little.
In Romania, people did vote overwhelmingly for a party whose head was convicted of election fraud.
I've been there
Tell me about it
I eat yoghurt with everything
After all some years ago significant debt reduction took place.
Do you really think most people in real life give a shit or have an opinion about Scotland's independence
The fuck does that mean your language makes no sense
Even at 8pm the car said it was 22C outside
In all likelyhood it was an ~~incident~~ accident
The problems come from specific places.
Increase the digitization of our bureaucracy,make it so you can due most things online
So yeah, pretty damn glad
So awesome to see so many women fighting for their rights.
Am I reading this wrong, we are kinda comparable to Belgium, a bit more deaths proportionally but much less injuries.
The same model was overpriced by about 400 euros in our local Apple store
You're best days are ahead of you!
I had to wait 40 minutes, which is okay, but at some places abroad expats waited in line for 3+ hours and come 9 pm the stations closed with some people not being able to vote!
Not to mention he should work for the mutual support with Europe and the alliances.
If they can't agree who should have it, nobody gets it.
Some of the old architecture reserve towns like:
She doesn't remember Bulgaria prior to the EU, so for her, her Bulgarian citizenship is a one that opens Europe to her
A house on lake Blyad lol
Only read 1/3 of it
Well yeah, Arabic is a definite lingua franca in North Africa and the Middle East
I get they don't trust what Greeks and Bulgarians are saying
It made me feel kind of insulted lol
This was just shitty assumptions from the whole start wow.
German is also very popular, followed by French and Spanish
Obviously a good thing, but it seems different to other countries in the region
The top 0
(Mandatory)Our sister Macedonia.
Is your opinion representative of all Turkish Cypriots?
I love how you're questioning Greece's ability to preserve a statue under a picture where you can clearly see not one but five statues of its kind perfectly preserved
Next elections don't fuck up please
However, that percentage drops significantly when shopping outdoors (in local marketplaces for fruit and vegetables, for example)
If encryption is done properly all the provider has is a copy of the encrypted message and only the devices of the end users have the keys to decrypt the message.
Plus don't forget less stress when you live in a small place.
And that makes me a lot more wary and distrustful of them and whether they have Bulgarian interests in mind.
It's rather difficult to find stuff about Bulgarian internet forums in English.
Both parties must compromise and reach a deal.
I'm pretty sure you can't fly drones over Paris
But he's talking about colonial empires
Готов или не, аз идвам!
Anyways, the protests don't have a position on western integration, the sole EU flag in front of this massive demonstration shows that the pro-western sentiment isn't widespread, which, I'd argue, is a good thing, nobody wants a repeat of Ukraine
Erdogan: Lausanne Treaty Is Negotiable
Isn't this standard
Bulgaria has administratively regulated minimum salary, unfortunately - not enough to cover food and utility bills.
Bulgaria
I can't speak for the other SE European nations but I've always seen Bulgaria as a less Eastern European and much more Southeastern, we share a lot of similarities with souther Europeans, most not good qualities but still
But it is France we are talking abut, there are few things they will not riot over from what I understand.
Very wide spread and derogatory term for gipsies is 'Mangal'. It means а vessel for transporting ember, fire or coal
Couldn't care less
You think they've run out of lies to need any ammo
Patrick's day here are basically massive outside college parties taking up whole neighborhoods with a parade
Todor Jivkov, the communist dictator, 1956-1989
In the article they list soft power as a different index.
Country has 20% debt to GDP ratio which is one of the lowest in Europe
Portuguese, Faroese and the Celtic languages
We are all *really* jealous of america and admire/worship it constanly
How popular is Gorbachev amomg Russians?
There are so many other emperors who were vilified more by contemporary historians
Turkey is in Asia
The cyrillic alphabet does not have accented letters except maybe й but that's really just it's own letter
But i do not believe UK politics were the main reasons for not reforming EU institutions and regulations leading to closer Union.
[\[21\]] There, he devised the [Gothic alphabet] and oversaw the translation of the [Bible] from [Greek] to [Gothic] which was performed by a group of scholars
Yordanovden - the catching of the cross, the [Ice dance] in Tundzha, but this year most of these events won't be happening
Your personal interpretation is as theoretically valid as theirs.
The average salary in Turkey is now similar to that in Ukraine
I'm a huge grammar/spelling nazi, so I don't really mix words up and I'm the one correcting everyone else (if they say it's OK, that is)
Since we write what we hear, when I was a kid and watched movies about spelling bees I was always baffled, because the idea is absurd for my own language experience
>The new French bac, which will be awarded for the first time in 2021, will look more like the school-leaving exam in other European countries, where continuous assessment represents a big chunk of the final grade, and subject specialism, such as for British A-levels, is common
I've heard there's a really big underground system below Sofia, but I've never been or heard more than some murmurs about it
Therapy is covered by the state
I've watched Croatian history series on Viasat History and they claim they had been under the influence of the neighboring German states since early times, so basically the first Croatian Princes served as nobles and generals of the Francs.
What's the threshold for entry into parliament?
You guys up there need to come down here.
There are just several nicknames that just 'sound right' for every single personal name
So they built them 70% underground with only the top and entrance at ground level
You might be right about the origin of the word 'igoumen'.
All my money goes to taxes and bills
I have voted for Reformers / Democratic Bulgaria  on all partisan elections since they exist and have been disappointed every single time
I have two name days, so I have three parties a year haha
For me, going to Bulgarian classes was necessary (mostly because I had only been in Bulgaria for about 3-4 years back then) but math was unnecessary - our school teacher taught us more than what I learnt during the private lessons
I'd love to, actually, and have an open invitation from relatives there, and may go for a little vacation if I can afford it next year
Did you or any of you commenting here read the article?
Natural heritage
Not really but still
We have general universities that teach many things and then we have specialized universities, focusing on specific fields of study
And we basically don't talk about this anymore
Press your tongue to the roof of your mount and make a (slightly nasal) sound
You can't sit around, arguing that the problem is that people "don't understand". Newsflash—no matter the importance of "people understanding" is, no matter their responsibility, in the foreseeable future voters won't begin to understand how the EU operates
Edit: I'm not sure whether the question was asking about the channel when you hit 1 on your remote or the best channel
The power of ISIS came with the control of both demographic and natural resources of the conquered territories.
To be honest i do not know the Bulgarian name to translate from Bulgarian to English.
I disagree with the Swiss one as well.
You'd only be asked to help with expenses only if your family is struggling
I’ve never studied Russian but I’m pretty sure it is
Weird, 4 pro, iirc, won't even take off under a certain temperature.
So, this is a funny one
Did I miss you
Just cause there is a 'treaty'.
Love them pink elephants
Obviously Николай Тесланов is bulgarian
No man, the Dutch are just a bit xenophobic so they come up with all kinds of nonsense stereotypes for other countries
Why do Romania and Bulgaria get comparatively less than more developed countries such as Greece, Portugal, and the Czech Republic?
Their YoY growth is 1,6%, their quarterly growth through European methodology is 0,8% (pretty decent).
If it's not affecting you personally, what's the big deal?
* Boris III - who refused to extradite the Jews during World War II and most likely Hitler poisoned him for it
Part of me has considered moving back
We also used to make great comedies, but recently we're somehow not capable to do it.
European cities are not so driver-friendly as their US counterparts, so they'll have to do some serious remodelling whatever they choose
I usually keep it around 20-ish during the day, because sun makes me feel warmer, even though it's still around 20C inside actually
After all we are living in the worst period of history.
I’ve been asked what race I was once, by an American
I have never even imagined fish stuffed olives
It seems that Macron's liberalization reforms actually did help the unemployment rate
Your love is irrelevant since you are irrelevant, hence it in no way changes the fact they have a painfully obvious historical bias against the Templars, Crusaders and Christians as a whole, which is riddled with typical modern day "progressive" pop-culture propaganda.
All your former colonies gave up imperial in favor for metric.
That really expands the possibilities: Orpheus, Seth, Odrys etc
You can include ''!g'' to your search terms and get the google results from encrypted.google.com, if you feel that duckduckgo isn't cutting it for a specific search.
Bulgarian borrowed heavily from Russian during our national revival
With **Croatian** sometimes it's a bit easier than Serbian, but it's mostly the same
As much as I despise this kind of violence and hope things change for the better, it is refreshing to see a politician also get a face full of pepper spray
Ideally, I would like it to be a gradual transition over a month (say, 15mins per week) instead of the sudden 1 hour jerk, so people wouldn't feel it, but it's still better than the alternatives
Internships in it are an absolute must if you want to graduate - min
As i said i haven't been to Romania but from what i see here, I'd assume that Bulgaria and Romania don't have the same living standards
Palpatine: Ironic
Khan Krum: defeated the romans and actually managed to kill the first roman emperor
Bulgaria and Macedonia are the same nation (at lest some years ago) so I don't think that they should fight each other
I remember when the first private national-wide channel in Bulgaria BTV lunched in 2000 and they were showing some Asterix and Obelix animations all day long
These bridges, funded with EU money, cost 134000 €.
Just look at our national subreddit on reddit and you can make yourself sad
In Bulgaria, they inherited a country that was barely affected by WW2 and in 45 years managed to bankrupt it multiple times.
Probably going to be what our next civil war is about
Just wait till you see his brain
In the mountains there were no social boundaries - rich said hello to the peasents and so did the peasants
Also done before the protest
You literally edited your comment to transliterate "мир". Transliterate, not translate
Does it mean something like "poops" or similar?
For example I have a Bulgarian driver's license, can I drive in Germany?
Nina Dobrev though ethnically Bulgarian, is more Canadian.
So take your typical English welcome and piss off
Pirate Party here I come
Erdosomething may think he's the great sultan but in fact he's nothing more than an islamist with ambitions of being a dictator of theocracy.
As tradional religious beliefs fade away in the West they are merely replaced with political such and those seem have the same concentration of fanatics within them as the religions before did.
You paint a picture of a stance I don't really hold
If the system is rigged then heads will have to roll
During the first semester we studied the civilisations from Mesopotamia (so Sumer, Akkadia, Babylonia, Assyria, Hittite, Phonecians) and Ancient Egypt
You don't know where the sausages came from I presume.
No personal attacks, this is an official warning.
I may become your colleague :D
Misschien genoeg voor een Nederlander maar valt in het niets vergeleken met het strand in Bulgarije
a drinking cup
Armed Russian guards prevented fleeing Ukrainians entering Russia or Belarus.
Rutten from the Netherlands
Todor Jivkov, the communist dictator, 1956-1989
So you go out together, have a drink and a meal in a restaurant and then when the time comes to pay the bill you'd better brace yourself because blood will be drawn before someone let's you pay
Scania is truck and bus manufacturer!
\- always wearing my N95 mask
Among other things, the Copenhagen criteria require:
The accents are a bit too thick imo.
Google "How big is Alaska" lol.
On a tram in Vienna
No one would complain about the word *skateboard* [скейтборд] but some people would complain about the usage of the word алтернатива [alternativa] because we already have the word възможност [vuzmoz'nost]°. Some people claim that modern words are being replaced by English words (say the word for friend, user, fashion
Some of the prettiest flags out there
You can't compare the access Mexico has with say Austria.
If people say they "want" reforms, but prefer what they currently have over nothing, then nothing will change
Am I english because I speak english?
He was a fish woman
I was considering getting an iPhone
If i was a troll, i wouldn't be using my real name.
Trying to get people in flower imaging and start new thread called - flowers of europe!
I'm not very familiar with the percentage, but THEY ARE with Irish, German, Dutch and so on ancestry...
But exiting the EU because it costs money would  be a poor financial choice
Literally the same as Mark
I would love it if you, our northern neighbours, were rich and prosperous.
|Field of study|University|
Did not know Balkan cultural area includes Moldova!
That's very awesome of you, I can guarantee they will all appreciate it a lot
Sofia, New Mexico
And Southern Macedonia from Greece
We deserve to have honorable lives
Bulgarian here
It would help the rebels, wouldn't help Syria as a whole
Macedonia is like our little brother
I don't think there's anything to be embarrassed about though, you can't know everything about everywhere
Now compare that with Africa, non-African Arab states, and Pakistan + Afghanistan.
That's about it
My mode of shopping varies by season.
I don't think all these things are as comparable to each other as you make it seem
Everyone knows it, everyone gets patriotic and emotional whenever it plays
voters to go out on the streets.
Even if you only count from the unification of Romania, there's the second Balkan War and both World Wars
Trump just called the media enemy of the people.
"Пиво/pivo" feels a bit more official if that makes sense
I don't want crazy people walking around with ak47s.
Germany simply can't pick their allies.
It is a system of Crony capitalism and Socialism for the rich, both made possible only if the state has a lot of power over the free market.
What
Cyrillic is the official alphabet, but on the internet people are often too lazy to switch their keyboard and type with latin letters instead.
I found it hard to pick one since there are so many amazing songs
Thanks to Poland Bulgaria is still second in air pollution, which is surprising, we're usually first in everything negative.
Pretty similar to the Romanian case tbh.
Правиш - you are doing
I was joking
i dunno i personally wouldn't have a problem with a politician using a car, just like i wouldn't have a problem with anyone else doing so
Americans specifically think Yugoslavia = Balkans and even calls the Yugoslav wars "The Balkan Wars"
Wait wtf how is this footage so crisp
Balkans legit got offended by the weak swear words you placed there
Huge territories, from today's Greece to Budapest
So far Germany hasn't slid in imperialistic politics as it did in the time before and during WW1 and WW2.
Some of our Orthodox priests said something like "zomg yoga is devil worship you guys, seriously, it's paganism and shit".
He's all yours
Uuhhmm
IIRC, Erdogan went out and made a statement, mentioning Gulen, and urging people to go out in the streets.
If she was young, it's entirely possible she didn't realize "пиво" is used for beer and not just any kind of drink
Citadels of Europe: Bulgar-Bulgar Castle, Bulgar city, Bulgaria
I'm in, let's do it
Banitsa gang rise up
If you consider Slovenia part of the Balkans that is.
You're trying too hard to be a special little oppressed snowflake.
Don't let these people inside and only after that start vetting them?
Ottoman Empire was not a colonial empire
The first prince Batenberg was an Austrian with familial ties to Alexander II of Russia, the second prince and later Tsar was also an Austrian noble
You need to flesh out your arguments more, simply saying because I think so does not allow me to understand your position and opinion better
Jealous, on the other hand, is "revniv".
Well, mate, as far as I know, there are no games translated in Bulgarian
I was visiting my girlfriend's family in Malta for the first time last year, and I was surprised to see people living in houses keeping the front door opened
Naah, bro, the Turks are already in Viena
Just once you've moved, what you gonna do without knowing the language and having no friends and a girl?
I popped 2 tires at the same time on a pothole here a few years ago and it was a huge pain to get a tow and get it dealt with
Like 150 000 needed at 20.30 w/o the vote from abroad.
I've heard almost every kind of relative call a kid affectionately by their own
No, it's always "it represents the endless beauty of the nature of the land that the martyrs gave their blood for (hence also the red)...."
Катерица (kah-teh-r-ee-tza), etymology suggests "creature (or object) that climbs".
What's exploitatory about children working in Bangladesh for western companies?
wasn't there something about the route being changed but the chaffeur not being notified
It's the Law, if I am not mistaken
What is your personally preferred solution?
Somewhat true
Same
They were volunteers
If another big church or mosque or some other cultural/religious building, that has not been so popular from literature or from being promoted as a cultural spot burns down, there probably won't be such a big outcry, if it was let's say in Africa
They are also planning a negative tax income or UBI
*generic 0x0 still equals 0 joke*
Don't we have a special killing method
Really sad but, after all, being so drunk is a choice
Ugh, "understand" more than "speak", really, it's almost entirely passive nowadays, but I can still watch and read most things without a problem.
I know that in Poland they have removed almost all of them
I can think of at least 5 colleagues off the top of my head
Vienna and the east of Austria are actually the most populous regions of the state.
Actually in Polish history it is remembered as the best of the 3 empires that partitioned it - with Prussia and especially Russia being far more brutal, oppressive, backwards and illiberal.
Even the most stubborn patriots start to become assimilated after such a long time of suppression
Can you link me a source on the increased taxes for lower and middle class brackets
The devil lives in the Vatican
You actually can't cycle on this particular street (pedestrians only) as of last year due to some stupid regulations.
You are a good doggy tho neighbor, go wag your tail and they might show you some appreciation.
Yep, prostitution in western Europe pays really well.
The parliament approved BSP's cabinet.
I'm not advocating to be an asshole,but there should be a line to political correctness,often it's too much for my tastes
They are no more corrupt than Eastern EUropean countries with minimal debt.
You are literary dependent, for all your might and wealth, on the decision of a person or people in a foreign country.
I am getting very tired of those comments in every thread.
I'm not Romanian, but as far as I know there's no need for any donations and there aren't any methods.
2 million €, which was surprisingly high for something sitting in a storefront
Well, recently I found out that I was completely wrong
um sorry but we were first to claim FYROM territory (actual Macedonia is in Greece).
Back in the first half of the 2010s I remember it wasn't too good but was still completely drinkable
I don't know whether Russia finances Fillon's party but in other countries it's easy to see how that money translates to a kind of admiration for Putin especially and less so for Russia.
Most concentrated ruins you'll probably find in Plovdiv- [ancient Philipopolis] \- they've got Roman Theatre, Forum, Stadium, Basilica, parts of Aqueduct, villas, and other bits of pieces around town
I get drunk after 1,5 pints of lager
Wait
All European nations have vast and rich histories and cultures, there's no point in claiming someone else's.
He was telling stories of the royal days when he was sent to hunt communist partizans in the woods
Once i saw a show on tv where the husband and the woman meet in the church and marry immediately without seeing each other before the marriage day.
From there we lose again and become part of the russian bloc.
After all they could invest the cheap capital in different and more efficient way.
Not about my country (since it's already mentioned) but there are legitimately far right people that believe Sweden is inundated with refugees and immigrants of Islamic persuasion who are so unruly that Sweden has turned into a "war zone" and that there are actual "no go zones" in various cities
If you do, then you are officially a student worker, with a slight increase in your payment plus a possibility to get SU on top (depending on the amount they are giving you)
Oh no
Hmmm I think the april uprising would make for a very interesting assassins creed game
Though it is a good excuse to stuff your mouth with huge amounts of well prepared and delicious meat, that can be a disaster for girls that do everything to stay slim and slender!
"New country?" lol, the drunk invaders had forgotten about it the next morning.
Macka can mean cat in Bulgarian as well, or a girl/"bird".
The Bulgarian state had 3 seas at its borders, so they say stuff like "Bulgaria on three seas
Is that such a difficult concept for leftist to grasp?
On the contrary, the increase of the CSG hits the wealthy because it taxes CAPITAL gains, which is something I'm sure you're very happy about, right ? What about the "poverty plan" ? It's seen by the social sector as one of the best social plans ever written by a government, because it really tackles the root issues of poverty in France . Why are you ignoring that
Will post more pictures of yellow flowers.
* French, because I want to live in Montreal in Canada eventually
[Flowers of Europe] Shot was taken last fall.
Working my ass off for my money.
They want to bring it down to the very swamp that they find themselves in because of the bad decisions that they have made.
You mean to tell me that the continent where there's a revolution like every day doesn't take shit from the government
Putin-the-Tall in particular and Russia in general have showed their increasingly aggressive face.
Croatia - we call it Hărvatia (Хърватия)
Edit: I know this from Kimi
I'm not sure if this is a regional/cultural thing or just some schools, but in my experience of our education system it felt like literally nobody ( not the students, and so not the teachers ) gave a damn about anything
But what if I tell you that in Sofia there is actually no ban at all on any of the two days and you can buy alcohol during election day?
I am not interested enough to bother discussing this, especially with someone as bias you.
I know a fair amount about Northern African countries
Currently the municipality is turning it into a [mixed structure] with an art gallery and a historical museum
„Памопажеш пали пада пагопавопариш патапака?“ - Pacan payou paspeak palike pathis
Bulgaria has one of the finest tap water in Europe (because most cities have mountain springs close by
He came off as pretty rude, specifically when I said "Well plenty of them do
IIRC We screwed ourselves over with the contracts with the fossil plants
He retweeted this around 2 weeks ago, the original poster was Joaquim Campa and he's used a few AI tools for the video (he has a few others on his twitter @ JoaquimCampa) - DeOldify, DAIN and Gigapixel
* Simeon the Great - who commissioned the Cyrillic alphabet and almost captured Constantinople
Found it really strange how some people are such big fans of their club
It is not the money you saved yourself.
July Morning
It shouldn't retaliate for now.
That is Putin's insurance policy.
>I have no idea how to speak German
As others have pointed out, the definition varies, whether you talk about culture or geography
Стоянка (Stoyanka), that's so 17th century for me
The way I understand it: In the second Balkan war we position ourselves against Serbia, which means in WW1 we are on the losing side.
Does your new government want to roll back on the reforms you've made?
There might be a few exceptions but it isn't common
Dutch bycicle infrastructure
That makes sense, but when you mention a nationality, especially of a more obscure not multinational country, I think most people think of ethnicity not mindset.
Good lads, how else would you see the beauty of the Bulgarian male physique
Cheap labour and a place to have your company if you don't like a lot of taxes
Everytime there are news about some dumb shit its in some university in the US, UK or Canada.
Here to travel with train is the cheapest,  but also slowest transportation,  I personally enjoy it , there are a lot of people hating it . So,  for example one way ticket from Sofia to Plovdiv (around 160km
> You can see this blindness clearly in your argument against lower cost university
When we pointed it out, the person responsible started apologizing profusely, as if he had committed some cardinal sin.
Wow, what a story this car has with names
Honestly, it might be better for us.
Here, let me introduce you to Macedonia and Belarus.
"Bulgarian constant = basically anything which makes your result correct
Since fairly recently, some parents have started giving two first names to their offspring
The left seems to have no problem discriminating against fascists or nazis, but it has a big problem to discriminate against Islamists, despite these being pretty much equally against the left's and liberals' core values.
Also **worst of all** there are the **Phone scammers** \- they call old people, using kids or teens and fake that fatal car accident had happened and unless they pay up, their grandchildren go to jail
The Bulgarians in Albania are right next to Macedonia where most people until the 1940 were considered and considered themselves Bulgarians.
The whole point of this post is to learn about other peoples' histories and fun facts, not to contradict historical facts with made up hypothesis of what a random person thinks vs facts
You are talking about russians, right?
That's why it is important Britain not to be treated specially after exiting EU.
I get the same feeling when I hear "Slavic" names on American TV haha, it just feels wrong (cause it is wrong, in *our* languages and naming systems but not in English)
[Most probable reaction from a Bulgarian]
It was taught in a relatively unbiased way, they never said you were 'bad' guys or 'terrorists'.
I eat yoghurt with everything
I don't live in the UK but I order stuff from there through a third party shipping company because it's cheaper than a courrier like DHL
I didn't intend to single out Botev, he's just the most prominent example of a revolution era writer whose work can be summed up as "Love thy country or be ashamed".    I'm an avid reader of history and politics
They have great sushi and fish specialities in general
What is the difference between cut and chop?
There is snow on the other chair as well.
I mean full-blown frenching any random stranger you would've otherwise shaken your hands with
This gets followed by like
Bulgaria
You sold since of the archives to us
Both, although Borisov himself isn't too keen on the nationalistic speech
Soviet Modernism is cool (train stations in Bulgaria used to be cool at least) if take care of.
We can do that, right
Well in a free travel union like the EU, romanian gypsies should go to France and live with their French brothers without a problem right?
Even if Geshev is organizing all these bad things, I still do not understand why the government should also resign - what did Borisov do wrong
Hell yeah
Turkey is still under Russian sanctions so you're probably not far off.
NOBODY
The people who claimed that about Japan were probably talking out of their ass.
Cool thing is if you like one of them there's like 10 different versions of it you can try lol
Every Bulgarian and Greek has experienced a "difference in perspectives in the historic events" with North Macedonia
This isn't reflective of the whole country but at least in my part of it, and in my social circles, it's a prevaling theme
**DO I LOOK LIKE I KNOW WHAT A JPEG IS?**
My friends' grandfather would eat his meals super fast, in seconds
Of course  that's not perfect either as corrupt countries may simply pocket the money without doing the project properly
I was going to travel from Budapest to Prague with a night train before tha virus broke out
Volya - single personality, single issue (cheap fuel
Heroes were pieces of work even when they didn't kill monsters
Fjällräven is as expensive as Patagonia.
It also depends on where in Sofia one lives
The only downside is that we got bombed by the americans
Catholics projecting
Well Europe should react
Macedonians sound a funny to us and they're very boisterous
Yess
And what are we going to do with the 37 million people there who share Erdogan's mindset?
All thanks to the hybrid media war they've been waging on the country.
It can be any par of the sentence and almost any part if speech
Depending on the topic, it can be majority intelligible.
Friends and family from the "outskirts" of the city drink bottled / filtrated water
Where
Cats don't have religion and people of different religious denominations love them.
Haven't heard about it tho, but I wouldn't be surprised, he lies about a lot of things
You guys are pretty friendly countries, very similar to each other and with similar languages.
Sarcasm doesn't translate over the internet, especially on political topics nowadays.
I cringed a little but at least they were reading something
I'm also millenial but I can live rude words from some people (though surprisingly I never heard any IRL in any country), it's systemic oppresion by government that makes things unbearable
We've been pegged for 20 years, the exchange rate will not change at all
What system would you propose to capitalism, no one says it's great, it's the best we have
The prime minister promised him new planes and dragged it on forever, so the general going for president is a bit of a fuck you move.
That's a meaningless act that children, immature or not particurarly well educated people do, hence i ridiculed it in my previous post.
Human rights are declining worldwide and so is media freedom.
It's Sofia, the capital of Bulgaria.
Why so many
It would be a catastrophe
As the old ones are not significantly smaller if at all
I can't really understand how you can stay 16 hours in shoes - and specifically why choose to do so
If we work together, we are quite a lot stronger
And if Greece is managing that well its citizens after 5 months working can make enough for all year around, why do you ask for money from foreign lenders?
A year or two later she died from cancer and he wasn't allowed to say goodbye with her, go to her funeral
I worry about all of the little kids who are out breathing this in on these days without a mask
(They'd tell him where they moved a piece, and he'd tell them where to move one right back, etc
I don't think the state should have control of industries
Point is that the population still loves welfare, healthcare (just don't ask about taxes) and government regulation
Also restaurants there are very bleak and don't represent the original BG cuisine at all and food in general isn't very good for the price you pay to sit there
>Sometimes also exterminate
But I'm willing to try it again one day
lied
And yes when you work your life away in a shitty job, being able to relax and feel safe in your free time counts for a lot.
And frankly it seems that nobody thinks of Britain as part of the EU anymore.
designating professions (ex
Same here
Седя по турски. - "Sitting the turkish way
Their whole history is a scam made up by Tito to distance them from us
Maybe Kostov and some other early Prime ministers did well, but the situation left after communism was just too bad
Dude's got balls
If you want to convince me or the whole of Bulgaria that the 1st Bulgarian Empire from 681 has only the same name and nothing else in common with the present day, good look with that haha
There were many villages without power supply due to snow storms.
If I am driving without stopping I can easily go to Austria or even Germany for those 13hrs
So yeah, it went pretty good compared to the rest of Europe
Your attitude is different because you don't have to deal with them.
It means people from all over the world are getting better living conditions, not just the asian ones and that can only be a good thing.
I'm probably too young (or from a different region
Mind you, I'm talking about the politics and the actions, I have Russian friends and it's not the people's fault
Danke schön.
I just looked at Wikipedia and it says in 2015 the government resigned after just 1 day of protests from similar number of people as the 2017 protests.
For me it has to be something from Pancho Vladigerov - the most influential Bulgarian composer, and the one that managed to combine best our traditional folk music with classical one
So we are ahead of the Netherlands.
Death tolls on the roads were decreasing until the mid 1980s.
Both are valid but people dislike the eastern one for historical reasons.
Personal name + Father's name + Father's Family name
Wow wtf, even a little shipka monument and nevsky cathedral
It's currently criminalised here which leads to teenagers and young people having their lives destroyed by like a gram, because police are more concerned with a 17 year old trying to unwind than actual harmful things going on
" and they replied: "But we came here to strut the runway"
Idk man, I'm freezing up here in Scotland
There are much more news for the war in Syria and no news for Bresomething.
How is it a human right to make such a party?
Amazing times
[He was a Bulgarian MP in the European Parliament
The hardest hit were Greece and Italy who had the highest and second highest level of debt respectively.
I hate that so much
Increase spending on Research and Development as well as education
Yeah - the British and the Americans shift the stress to the end of the word, instead the beginning
I see why some people go for it though
(Yes I know Lightning is good but Apple lost it's chance to beeing the next USB standard by charging a nice sum per port)
I guess democracy is only good if your guy wins and corruption is fine as long as it benefits your interests.
However that poor friend sped up and reached the desk before me and already had money on his hands and already ordered the tickets
The only thing we have is a bit of copper and very little gold
Painfully accurate though
Tsar Boris I,
There's no point in arguing with someone who doesn't even recognizes the inherent racism institutional racism in the US.
It’s popular, it has liver, it’s nasty and can make me vomit by simply being near me
Libertarians are lost in the current situation.
Ofc there is shit and bias media everywhere.
I once read that Sweden was the largest holder of North Korean debt in the world
The Americas are two continents
Thanks for the answer, you clearly deserve the 9 up-votes I have apparently given you :Д.
I have an American debit card that I use regularly around Europe.
The good news is their power in parliament has diminished
"This sign cannot stop me as I cannot read"
They looked fucking [cool] too
They are the soul of the Internet
Not *exclusively* from their own ideologies, hence i gave him as an example.
Anyway people often say that Bulgaria isn't in the Balkans
So maybe understand that there are nuances in this world
From my understanding they range greatly from conspiracy nuts believing in the above article on one side, all the way to regular nationalists or even libertarians on the other.
Ahh yes, I live 30 kilometers from Burgas.
Extreme poverty between the pensioners - the are lacking basic products such as yoghurt, milk and bread
Damn
Formal speak to family is considered very offensive
This castle is fake news
And I want drastic, sweeping changes, but none of the changes I desire would serve to undermine the basic principle of the EU—that is, an union of States with one common market, freedom of movement, and an unified European idea
I think Plovdiv would also be a good nomination:
I assume the truck and bus manufacturer took the name of the Southern Swedish place, right?
Truly, i'v never heard of it and firmly believe it should be given more voice.
Revnost - jealousy over someone's affections
But does not want to: - be subjected to the same rules, standards and Regulations as the rest of EU, to be under the European Court of justice, to let other EU nationals to move freely on UK, to pay contributions ot EU
They even [dress themsleves as Alexander's warriors for plays and such] or go as far as to invite some Afghan royalty or whatever and claim he is a descendand of Alexander returning to "his people".
Go open some history books, you need it.
We can't deal with our corruption on our own.
You are right about him being the top diplomat , but in a sense it doesn't really matter , he is more of a first lady of the USA diplomat , not a policy diplomat with real power.
The second ended better for the nemci.
Take my breakfast that i've prepared the previous day (usually a sandwich or banitsa).
Moscow is huge and though cars are more comfortable and convenient if you usual route is unusual, public transport is way more reliable
Edit: this is Bulgarian, forgot to mention
Those wiki pages don't pop up from the ground
It's a Germanic language, where half the words are from Romance languages
They already do all that
>Две хубави очи. Душата на дете
Don't we have a special killing method
The guide told us not to step on moss as the moss contains the most radiation
Well, she's an idiot
I'd manage in romance language countries (not you though France) if they speak very slowly
They were born here, and many of them left after being persecuted by the communist regime.
That was what I was talking about
When it's warm enough, I take the vespa.
It is an election, question is how legitimate it is and what part of the population was really asked
Russia: While these news are unfortunate we're happy to say the Russian Federation project remains a success.
Just stating the obvious, of course.
Имах в предвид че не е задължително като "Отидеш ли в планината не кажеш ли добър ден на хората 100 години лош късмет", имах предвид че е прието да поздравяваш хората и не в планините а принципно .
Две бабички се разхождали и като видяли пейка едната казала "хайде да седнем да починем".
Hey isn't it true that old Bulgarians live in Banat
Also many Tzars and Khans from our history - [Tzar Simeon The Great] [Khan Asparuh] [Khan Krum] [Knyaz Boris I] [Tzar Kaloyan] and more
As we stand there are some EU citizens that need visas and USA doesn't do anything about it so they lose their no visa privilege.
In fact the fall of the Greek junta is directly linked to the Turkish intervention in Cyprus, and many international observers always link the two events.
ДПС is predominantly an ethic party, which is illegal under the Bulgarian constitution but they claimed that they were a liberal party to get around this
Guess I should have said it more differently.
We are not upset because of Britain leaving the Union.
Guess the picture was taken during the summer.
Obviously economic mass immigration from Eastern Europe should have no limits, right?
[Flowers of Europe] This tiny and extremely beautiful flower is Crocus tommasinianus.
Don't be so ignorant little englander.
for cute little shops and coffee shops
I fucking hate you
It's what the presidential elections are.
Personally I don't know what the answer could be or why anyone would be interested in an impoverished shithole like Bulgaria, but apparently that's the situation and that has been the situation for the last ~1400 years
Ew, get out of here, this should be banned ASAP along with the pineapples
Pinyin basically uses the latin letters to show how a character is read
Old pictures of Swedish cities and places.
Turkey probably has at least another few hidden away undiscovered yet
there are more Muslims than Christians which are the majority here
I just wanted to make a stupid joke.
Yeah, same for the Netherlands
They aren't our rivals
* [Pirin Natural park] \- one of the highest mountains in Bulgaria and the Balkans, preserving alpine and subglacial natural habitats;
Well we kinda need engineers now
There are a lot of people (boomers in particular) who will defend these "monuments" with their lives and go and bring flowers to them (like wtf, honestly
As we've seen with a pro-Russian parties in charge, CETA and TTIP become the least of our problems.
We joke about Brexit you should not feel bad joking about our government lol
Lol
I'm still learning Chinese but I'm otherwise practicing with a pinyin keyboard
Yikes
I think it would be easier to create one giant hill (around 70 m or what
It presented Erdogan as a martyr in a sense, while purging his rivals from the government.
If anything, a mistake was not pushing proper in 1612 when they took Moscow and the boyars were ready to crown the Polish heir as Tsar.
Trudeau wasn't ridiculous expectation, it was doable but he backed off because it didn't suit him.
In fact there are villages that have he same name in Turkey, e.g.
The last part is always the most important
If a country has had large parts of its territory occupied, of course the only way to defend its borders is to advance into those occupied lands.
UK is a dwarf if compared to the States.
A lot of people consider them ugly.
Lol, you like the hat DPS gave you
But I guess you can keep trying to make a point with false info.
It's a pastime at this point
Uncontrolled mass emigration with no assimilation can result in replacement of the native culture.
Sure they're a threat, maybe to your blessed and righteous, almighty leader who doesn't know how to manage internal problems so he creates external ones to distract the uneducated people who worship him like a God
Once again, kick us out and get freedom of movement with India and Pakistan then, take back the pesky colonies.
Not gonna lie I wish we had more forests
DOST is a new party aimed at the Turkish minority and endorsed by Erdogan.
There's plenty of near empty or abandoned villages, and smaller cities/towns keep getting emptier
It's actually a joke I came across sometime ago, but also disturbingly true
I think it's more that the European people (and American) have failed Ukraine (to which they obviously have no obligations)
I'll waste a few leva or volunteer for the Slovene army if it comes to fighting the Austrians
Still, our cases are growing
Con: language barrier, low standard of living outside of big cities
The philosophies I hold close have nothing to do with my citizenship.
Out of the 45 mins of a class 30 go towards beast taming and bargaining with a bunch of brats that don't respect anything about learning
Northern Cyprus is different from Crimea in that Crimea is annexed by Russia, whereas the North is at least nominally an independent state that represents the interests of its citizens.
[They had a similar] size to Europe, similar number of countries, much more fertile land, much higher population overal and per density, similar cultural and ethnic diversity, similar clash of civlizations once Islam started spreading, yet you think they had fewer wars?
Minimum salary in Romania is 446
(Sorry, I couldn't resist)
So, I'd say that Montenegro is definitely Middle-Near-Far-West-North-Eastern Afro-South-Americo-Asio-European, with a few Polynesian and Martian hints
His newspapers are cheap(I'm talking 30 cents cheap) and have gossip, sensationalist crap, "tasteful" erotica, all that good stuff to go along with the news.
To tell you even the cigarettes sold in the EE are of low quality.
As an example Many People consider Czechia as Eastern Europe and Austria central or western despite geographically is more eastern
>Macron has proposed to tighten the selection process for those entering French universities, while at present all French high school graduates are guaranteed a public university place regardless of their grades
It's americans that have to react on that article.
Like obviously you'd get some of the same "normal" names there but then there's names that just sound *super* American
Ohrid
The UK is lumped with the EU and EFTA, because until the 31
It is uncommon, but not exactly rare to find people who have studied Polish, Czech or Hungarian as well as Scandinavian languages
Comparing Eastern Europeans to the refugees is preposterous.
The villages are even worse
Your experience may vary depending on the country, but overall in europe, they're more or less ubiquitous
Only people with 0 fashion sense can wear those.
Off-course, if it turns out profitable to have combined auto-train + sleeper cars running from Germany to Greece, then the infrastructure will allow it
The rest of us are actually quite similar in terms of genes.
Hi, thank you for your contribution, but this submission has been removed because it doesn't use a credible source.
agressive actions against Russia
We all know who they are, you see them every day on the street protesting be it in America or Europe.
As for what the point is, I've just stated it, voting rights on the rules you have to follow
I guess that's what happens when your friends jokingly introduce you to such music and then listen to it nonstop with you ""for the lols"" huh
Though I don't know if what they're doing will be enough to stop Sultan Erdogan's neo-Ottoman dream.
Information is muffled, like nothing is happening while shit is hitting the fan hard
Muslims role model is Muhammed and you know i don't want this guy as a role model for anyone
After our politicisation have seen that it can actually work?
The EU isn't going anywhere
Then go make one, ya' lazy bastard
I think they are legal
That's madness
Your book
The idea is to have the infrastructure built
Literary I remember in the 90s people saying that same number.
That's what's so odd about brexit, they not only want to leave the EU but also make it sound as if they don't want to be a part of the continent in cultural terms
So we should have been happy that we got to experience/know/see it despite it being 8 centuries old, because nothing is made to last forever
I definitely prefer the way my penis looks to that of uncircumcised penises.
He did write textbooks for Russian military academies, didn't he?
Bulgaria has the fastest shrinking population:
That would actually be pretty great
Well, the donut you got there should be more expansive than one you can get from CZ.
Also droopy gipsy tits always bring publicity.
Malta, Hungary and Lithuania
Unlike you, i do not blame the Germans for having such big surplus.
What do you guys do at school
I once heard  Gredi Assa telling a story about some models arriving on the entrance exam for "Fashion" and he asked them: "Where are your pencils, ladies
You give ample examples from the US political spectrum.
But paradoxically at the same students are against any reforms that will make entry harder even if that means a reformed bac test, which would make it easier
You can't have kids not knowing Botev or Shakespeare or Don Quixote
No thank you
Cause as we can see, at the end no matter what you do, it comes to a political decisions.
To answer your question - I draw the line at about 100km in our neighboring countries
How about giving 9111 euros to each citizen?
We're going nowhere with this
Weird that we even have any
Mandarin Chinese, Japanese and C++.
It is -4C at the moment back in my hometown - Varna.
You have fish stuffed olives there ??
(except that Moldova actually existed historically as a separate country with that name, "Macedonia" never did except as an ancient hellenic state in today's northern Greece)
The same amnesty BS happened in Bulgaria in 2009 btw.
I'm wondering how will Finland sound
(USB 3, USB3,2 and USB 4)
**Grades 5 - 7:** the longest break is after the third class now, not the second
Can I come, I want snow in Bulgaria is hot AF
Can those cities grow upwards though, if they can't expand?
Why did I have to use to 3-rd party websites to get the information about tax in France
Yeah they are :D They are meant to be scary enough that they scare evil spirits away.
It has become an archaism/poetic word at this point.
I am not gonna answer anymore, cuz I am losing brain cells
Okei, furst yoo niid too rimembur dat we ar nót Rashan
We don't have 3 ways to say it, it's just how i think it's possible to say it
I watched the BBC documentary someone linked and it almost made me cry
Nothing else
Unfamiliar with the term - inb4.
My country and continent have got enough as it is
Last couple of days it was 20 degrees after dark
This American girl made a video for it:
Usually at the end of June 30 degrees are the norm here
Just
Pechory (Petsery in Estonian) is a separate town from Pskov
Grades 1-4 are bloated
And of course thank you to Romania for being our bros
Good
You should go full Simo Hayha on their asses.
[One million seems to be an enormous exaggeration]
The controversial Belgrade Waterfront is being built by an Abu Dhabi company, for example.
After putting so much money and energy for saving the single currency, the EU has to and will emerge stronger than it was.
It's funny that you know more about us than that guy.
Actually Cyprus is geographically an extension of the Anatolian peninsula, and is therefore part of Asia.
this should go in r/mildlypenis
Also this directive just says that A standard needs to exists not WHAT the standard IS
I know there was a law where a company could not slash jobs in France if the company was doing ok globally
We dont have a lot of USA centered news
EU and others gear up for WTO challenge to US border tax.
So if Le Pen does really win, will that be the end of the EU, or is there a way for the EU to continue to exist with her as the French president?
We are the fastest dying population and nobody speaks our language
Tell me more about embarrassing moments
So it think that the period 1944 - 1989 is full of such betrayals
Lol try Georgian
(Yes I know Lightning is good but Apple lost it's chance to beeing the next USB standard by charging a nice sum per port)
According the the exit polls GERB have a 4% lead on BSP.
We export more to Macedonia than to Russia and 40/50 times more to the EU than to Russia.
There were some 3rd party votes, me personally would vote 3rd party if i were american.
And probably one of the longest in the country  Sofia - Varna (around 510km
I live in Sofia so I kinda don't have to worry about it since a substantial part of the city has fibre coverage
I always laugh at the term expat used to describe UK/US immigrants.
It started melting here as well.
Съсипаха я тая държава
Change my mind
That is nowhere near "densely populated" for a region the size of Europe.
I remember making a project on Shintoism when we studied Asia
Just very long and too many characters where it switches too often between them and you lose track
Leave the EU as well, and form union with the UK.
Who the hell scratches his butt
And it probably won't last that long
30 - 50% - I can't speak for other languages because I haven't really encountered them much, but Polish is probably the hardest to understand
Yes, excuse me
Every sport in which we stand a chance (not many occassions though)
At least we're not like south Spain
We've been in this song and данс before
So it's more a prisoners dilemma out of pure stubbornness
Hmm...Bulgaria can into African Union!
&#x200B;
|Film and theatre|Krastyo Sarafov National Academy For Theatre and Film Arts|
Probably because they started out under our empire until we lost dominion over those areas
>Liberal in the economics sense
Romania claims that they build and invented everything?Holy shit they got conquered from inside by the Macedonians its spreading aaaah.Jokes aside one of my favourite ones.Where is the gypsy joke though?
The vote was "yes" on the First Past The Post.
The average bulgarian has to work his ass of and they can live on benefits with 8 children who they don't care for AT ALL, Oh they are fucking privileged all right.
EDIT: Read the question wrong, don't visit Sunny Beach
Kind of like a younger brother that we love even though they hate us
They have others too, but these are the ones I usually have their.
We've been torrenting movies for like two decades now.
There are some places like in Italy or Bulgaria where there are 25-30+ temperatures and then in between them 15 or 17, why is that
I'm going to be terribly clever and say that H in Cyrillic is a normal N [n] sound
I find it very entertaining how vastly different American Anglo-Saxons' names are, compared to actual Brits
The real shock was an international study of reading known as PIRLS, published in 2017, in which French pupils lagged in 34th position, behind those in Spain, Portugal and Italy
We work as the lousy security guard
In my second year in university I started learning Swedish and want to learn it up to at least B2, hopefully C1 level
Coast of Bulgaria - for a hour or something, and it melted right after
[Bulgarian boxer Kubrat Pulev kisses a journalist during an interview then she sues him for harassment
Imagine having not only little money but when you go to the store the shelves to be almost empty
What the hell
It was a super heavy snowfall but most of the snow has melted by now because of warmer weather.
If anyone had any brain cells would know that these protests were initiated and paid by the oligarchs they arrested, prosecuted and gotten rid of in the past years
I switched to vaping months ago, and generally decreased the nicotine level in the liquids i use.
I can only imagine what would happen if I don't pay my mortgage a single month.
Same as Bulgaria was called Bulgaria in 681AD, Hungary called Hungary, Serbia called Serbia, Poland called Poland, England called England, etc.
English is soo good for music and has the highest information density
High school should focus on the student's individual abilities in the fields they are best at
Now I notice that the title says EU, so Greece after all, maybe
Parties based on ethnicity or faith are forbidden in Bulgaria.
As you can see, Greece has kept 5x of the cargo just as safe
I haven't really written a book
>Bulgaria: weapons manufacturer
Sunny beach weather more important I guess
"Такова" in informal/slang/dialect language it has an infinite amount of meanings
As far as I understood from the debate, she seemed to be more of an European/US/whomever else puppet, he actually seemed more nationalistic.
The bulgarian one is kinda mild, it's like 'damn'. Deba or ebati would be more like it
Contributions for the creation of one of the first digital wristwatches
Actually my first thought was also about Zaz:
The support of every European country
Stara Zagora to Sofia (250km, about 3:45 by train) is about 7€, with a discount it's €3,50
I completely agree, in school I was in a class with 24 girls for 12 years of my life
com] has accurate address numbers where Google Maps often has them really far off
I mean
Moving out into the countryside is cool if you have a family and kids, but as a young guy, it sound terribly boring
Ottoman Empire was not a colonial empire
The candidate names are not listed so the paper is only 1/4th of yours
If only longevity was the cause of our aging population
If you want to eat from McDonald's why bother coming to another  country to do so
Vasil Levski or Ivan Vazov .The people wanted to make the first guy (Vasil Levski) a real saint, but the church did not accept that
Used to speak it fairly well back in the day, too, but "back in the day" was 13 years ago.
Can you source your claim
Enlighten me, because the only labour camp on bulgarian territory I know of was built by the soviets.
If I want to I could dress as a cowboy, as an Indian (native american), as an samurai and that's because I want to.
Correct me if I'm wrong
In fact, it had always been part of whichever country ruled the south bank, be it the Odryssian kingdom, Rome, Byzantium, Bulgaria or the Ottomans, so Dobrudja split into two is something rather new to history and the northern part not belonging to whichever country is on Danube’s southern bank an anomaly the result of Russia taking Budjak from you in exchange.
We only got a few points from North Macedonia and Turkey if I remember correctly
Press freedom in Bulgaria is probably going to become even worse in the near future
I was gonna post this one, u beat me to it
***"Готов или не, идвам!"*** Which is closer to ***"Ready or not, I'm coming"*** but they are basically the same thing so
* *sweet bready golden;*
Islam is not just a religion, it's heavily invested in the politics and daily of the muslims.
The church today displays some of the remains of the now canonised as saint-marters inhabitants of Batak;
I beg to differ [
I guess I was wrong and it was some other obnoxious guy with french flag.
Thankfully, this cancer seems to be mostly an Anglophone thing for now, but who knows if it spreads more in the future.
Lol in the USA these apparently cause cancer
Romania: People who had suffered fate similar to ours.
I have voted for Reformers / Democratic Bulgaria  on all partisan elections since they exist and have been disappointed every single time
* *sour green;*
And what do you visit in Slovakia?
Their level had dropped by 14 points since 2001
People against same sex marriage are a lot more than people who are actually religious
Everyone with opposing opinion is downvoted to the ground in seconds.
Here being Western is often associated with being "rich" or having a lot of money, and we are poor compared to western standards.
I've been born here and still struggle as Bulgarian is rich in words and, bruh, our writing grammar, the f is this thing
I thought the referendum had to have 51% or something similar turnout to be accepted.
I recognize Macedonia's existence, independence, sovereignty and any other word you might wanna use here and I don't want to have anything to do with the country, unlike nationalists.
I have no idea how to speak German
I agree students should learn what interests them Our current system uses technical and professional high schools but still have to learn all mandatory subjects
Ukraine's biggest ever mistake
Hokkaido is my city
Praising a criminal like Soros means that you hate national sovereignty.
The most terrible professional translation, I've ever seen was literal translation of the phrase "for crying out loud" in a Kurt Vonnegut’s novel "The sirens of Titan". A literal translation of this phrase makes absolutely no sense, so when I figured out what the original was, I wanted to find the translator and rip their diploma apart
5 million euros) and the population of the Principality of Bulgaria (1878-1908) had 6 million (3 million euros) - combined
In eight grade you learn strictly the basic language of the particular school and from 9th grade you study everything but maths and bulgarian and bulgarian literature in the foreign language.
They don't have to be interested in federal EU itself, just in increasing our common policies.
Oh, I definitely aimed more toward 'humorous' and not 'factual'.
It just makes no sense even from a nationalistic point of view so i was interested what its genesis was.
-ski and -ki suffixes are often used for family names
And if you're not familiar with CDPR, they are a game development studio from Warsaw and actually have a very good, rock solid reputation among the gaming community
And we might be as well if waves of millions from them come this way.
Why didnt UK invest before Brexit?
You can google it for more stuff like this.
Now if you talk about EU funds, well I really think there should be fundamental change of EU backed funding and subsidizing.
We don't have 3 ways to say it, it's just how i think it's possible to say it
You need it to make it easier to start a business in France
I'd love for it to be vibrant and the population evenly distributed but we don't have much going on around the villages and that's that
Most of our parents and grand parents have had to study Russian at school and some speak either German (because of East Germany) or French (France has always endorsed smart people and culture and some people during socialist times could use this to migrate there)
Every time I've seen Germans and Austrians buy bottled water here, they always looked for carbonated water
We weren't very good at that game
But when you *try* to think about it, I suppose a visit and talks should happen.
I did it 2 months ago and your country starts to look like a semi negroid-semi arab society.
If drinking stronger, more caffeine-concentrated drinks, one could pass the day with less...
I personally belong to the grated gang - not only is it faster than dicing, but the texture is also better imo
Rumors say that they want to build a pipe from Saudi Arabia, which is financing globalism, terrorism, and muslims invasion in the west, to Europe and cut Russia off.
The communist period was barely mentioned.
>The new French bac, which will be awarded for the first time in 2021, will look more like the school-leaving exam in other European countries, where continuous assessment represents a big chunk of the final grade, and subject specialism, such as for British A-levels, is common
Yes
Reform of employment tribunals
Young people are pro-EU, and older people are pro-Russia.
I've never seen anything like this in any other towns in my country, so I guess it's the work of one person or small group
I mean, you guys are pretty good at it too
I work in the field of IT, major is also from the field
:) But the Bulgarian girls themselves are very different, some are whiter, some are darker.
Wait, did you not study Geography
Ok, West Russian
Slovenia doesn't count itself as Balkan state, same is available for Moldova and to certain extend for Romania.
The country is made up
You should find out that refugee crisis, terrorism and wars in the Middle East are the issues of great concern in the continent at the moment, not the Brexit.
is a sentence in Bulgarian but written in Latin
We have small Arab minority in Sofia, but most of them have either studied here or moved about 10-20 years ago, often running their own small businesses, and less came later during the Arab Springs unrests.
Cats sleep 14 to 16 hours a day, that's what they do.
If we talk business wise, CE/EE will be less effected by Briquit.
Reforms to the vocational-training system will help remove the barriers for hiring people
Don't show him other languages guys, he'll be shocked!
What a waste, should have been Le_Macron!
I bet he played some Simon & Garfunkel too
Some even made cards saying - No more Polish vermin.
At the moment we do slightly under 1000 tests/million but the positive rate is about 15%. In the harshest months in the spring it didn't go over 6-7%.
Here he is quoted as writing "We are bulgarians and will always work for the unificaiton of the homeland", over a map of united Bulgaria, inside of which are the dates of the Ilinden uprising in Macedonia and the famous here "Freedom or Death" flag.
wasn't there something about the route being changed but the chaffeur not being notified
..why
> And I'm doing my part to explain how it isn't.
What are here proposed policies
And this is the story that my dad overhears, calls out the other guy on how impossible that is because that's *his* grandfather, what are the odds of the same thing happening to someone else
They're just making up stuff to hype their "investments". And saying general nice stuff because that's what diplomats do
If you don’t accept the VMRO type version that steals the people and history of neigbouring countries like Greece or Bulgaria you are only left with 20 years of history as a nation, which I doubt most Macedonians accept.
Also the increasing costs of living despite working a good job with a good salary is becoming absurd
Europeans don't want non-Europeans living in Europe and out-breeding us.
An essay is not proof
The main difference for me is the taste and strength.
And as i said - getting tired of all that Brequit in r/Europe.
I guess we got that from you, but we pronounce it more like Ezi.
See you Brits really think you're so special that everybody should be concerned about your exit and your internal affairs.
I know our fans are terrible but would they do this?
No, it is because if you want to be a citizen, this carries some rights and obligations
* кльомба (klyomba) - I have no idea what it means but it sounds like something round and blobby
No situation is impossible least of all for Europe which shares with the US the title of the biggest economy on Earth, has half a billion people and some of the brightest minds out there.
I thought 140 was the norm
Trolls commenting under our medias and in the social medias
Mumbambu - very Persian gulf-esque, but the majority Pastafarian population puts it culturally closer to Jamaica and Papua New Guinea
Yes, we have shit system and yes it would be shit regardless if it is public/private because we have problems with corruption.
How bout no
[The Taman peninsula was not part of Circassia]
He tried to push towards the use of Bulgarian words
I guess we have different "stereotypical" robberies that are happening.
The deficit is in the thousands and the problem is so serious people protest it regularly and some parents have formed communal kindergartens in order to cope
They are literally defining the borders of the peninsula
I don't know if we are winning by being dumb slaves or not
Go back in bed and eat breakfast while watching something on the TV that i've downloaded the night before.
I am white and i feel its racist to use my skin colour as some sort of "criminal" matrix for pixellation of non-white people.
I have been to Greece many times and has big differences than the rest of neighbours like NM, Serbia even Romania
Thinking it's not loaded, she pulled the trigger, but it was so she killed herself
You're forgetting that he bought the europarliament too and most of the foreign media which costs quite a lot too
Yes, sink your savings in stocks!
People move out of their home countries for different reasons.
So whatever they do they can go (back) to Morocco and live there without any legal issues whatsoever.
Danke schön.
Sad but true, we have only seen the beginning oh his dictatorship.
It really sucks as it obviously shouldn't be happening but I have to admit I am enjoying all the sun and warmth we've been getting in Bulgaria
Here we have this thing called Name days, it is as the name suggests - a celebration of your name
He can be declared persona non-Grata.
Also we went to Hilton for free and my teacher still greets my dad on the street because of that
Tipping culture outside of food & beverage especially
Overall, I don't think it's taboo but I wouldn't share my income to people who didn't ask, and might refuse to answer to people who asked if I decide it might create problems or tension
Knowing how much air governing bodies hate fun, this is pretty great
It's a common expression in Bulgaria
Just fuck off you cunts
If you stopped making enemies, Russia would be in a far better place.
The Italians didn't have a Myslim overlord though, so their story is a bit different
Should be the station on Cherni Vrah (highest peak in Vitosha mountain overseeing Sofia)
He was telling stories of the royal days when he was sent to hunt communist partizans in the woods
Both literally and figuratively
Its a decent propaganda tool for private health care, I give you that.
It is stupid tho, still i don't think it makes the election less fair than Erdogans.
My niece for example, doesn't really grasp the concept of a Bulgarian citizen, denied access to a Western European country
When I was in school, we studied Ancient Cultures in 7th grade
I've worked in 3 large companies so far and in the past 6 years the number of people that have left to look for a better life abroad is still a single digit.
Just because they didn't become lutherans doesn't mean catholics didn't change.
The sales tax in Europe is higher than in America.
Also Edi Uni is an amazing choice I am actually in the process of applying for a Phd in Data science there
By Wikipidia, the free encyclopedia
When I did my Erasmus in Milano, the only people in the advanced course for Italian, outside of people who had studied it before, were Spanish students
Who invaded Eastern Ukraine and who annexed Crimea?
Brits already tried to offend me - without success.
Nope, they kill or maim with acid their wives, daughters or sisters when they "shame the family" by going to university or finding a boyfriend.
The minute Scotland becomes absolutely free country, it can start dealing with any other countries or supranational entities like the EU.
Makes sense
Controls most of the media through his oligarchs?
Try knowing Bulgarian and listening to our politicians
The Indonesian archipelago is considered as part of Asia
omg ok lots of dead bodies and injured people and a big bloodbath in berlin cool but can you guys just like chillax with the islamophobia for two seconds thanks
Sure, Kone doesn't sell to the avarage consumer, but I wouldn't say they are unknown
Btw at school we've barely mentioned how Bulgarians have taken over other countries but they make sure we don't forget we were under Byzantine rule for 2 centuries and under Ottoman - for 5
So, sorry mate, we just wanted our territories back as they were before the Ottoman empire
I am alone, a silent warrior in a fantasy world.
The last one made me laugh IRL gj
I mean, to a point I agree with you, but the entire point of a party is to say "Everyone in this group of people will push the following issues, vote for us if you're interested
Simple example is: I can go to America and most likely will not have a problem driving an average rental car
The psychological effects are much worse than the death toll.
German is easy, especially for someone from a Germanic country
Also S.T.A.L.K.E.R is one of my favourite games
London
So we really like to take the piss about his colourful vernacular
I lived in Greece, i speak greek ( don't write it though ), and i can assure you Greeks in general are short sighted.
Trendy restaurant on top, didn't visit it because we were more fond of beer pubs :)
Impossible, both grammar and pronunciation
All nouns have genders, all others' words genders are based on the given nouns
Yes, let's abolish human rights in order to appease the right wing.
Western Rhodopes, Bulgaria (a view from Tsepina fortress)
Can we have the Fuck version now please
Not just in Britain or the US but in my country as well
Also the texture will be the same
Правим - we are doing
It's not formally called that, I just used that because it's the closest one to the centre of the city (also - the oldest of the big parks in Sofia).
Like WHAT ?? You DON'T HAVE this ESSENTIAL ITEM
Mixed bag regarding EU integration and Russia
Until an oligarch tries to pressure us to do something and we need protection from the law but he owns the law
Also Germany's AND the Eurozone's manufacturing growth is the highest it's been since 2011 and that one was part of the rebound after the crisis.
Be strong brothers and sisters
Some of these seem way too innocent to be credible
The trigger is the red carpet - this is given away by the EU hero who is awkwardly trying to do the gentleman thing
Giorgiu
It's technically 40 BGN for just 1gbps internet
That's some pretty funny shit coming from you.
Germany you must get rid of the refugees before it's too late!
2020
Depends if they intend to stay for the time the elected officials are in office
One month is enough to learn some basic skills on which you can improve if a time comes, when you will be needed.
Indeed, but it still comes petty much the same or more expensive if we take into account price to income ratio.
Secondly, yes i wanna quit vaping :P
More Brits have heard of Bulgaria than Ireland
In other words - absolute cuties :)
I kid, I kid, but
No, I was quoting the nominal GDP/capita for 2015.
Go to Rhodope instead, it's the big mountain next to Greece
Many actually target niche markets.
4 New stations opened last month on Sofia
The alternative is lame
Yeeees
Was waiting to capture the shot with two butterflies resting on the plant.
Global Britain and the rest of the crap is for the English ears, nobody on the continent buys that.
We have one in the Capital
Don't embarrass yourself anymore.
We didn't study anything in Russian but we did study Russian literature
These types of filters would required an unimaginable amounts of computing powers, on par if not greater than Google itself
You summarized big holidays like Christmas and New Years in Bulgaria pretty much spot on.
Macron’s government also plans to invest 15 billion euros in job training over the next five years
Donald Trump Appears To Make Up Sweden Terror Attack
About 30 - 40 minutes by a nasty, smelly tram, or close to 1h 30 minutes by walk
Greece is still richer on a nominal basis.
Wtf this sentence sounds just so right, the commas are perfect
We're the assholes voting for him
I am "redistributing", correct?
If they prefer nothing over the EU, then the EU will change
Here the unemployed people are expected to pay it themselves.
I mean full-blown frenching any random stranger you would've otherwise shaken your hands with
So i think it is something like hiking cabin for rent.
If something means, quite literally "Blackwood" or "Red rock" or something along those lines, in the sense of conveying the meaning rather than an individual name, people are more likely to use that "original English" way of refering to it, rather than the equally applicable version from our own language
European cities are not so driver-friendly as their US counterparts, so they'll have to do some serious remodelling whatever they choose
All European nations have vast and rich histories and cultures, there's no point in claiming someone else's.
So in moment of panic those people give away all their savings ! its heathbreaking story
I don't know about the rest of the Balkans but in Bulgaria it is custom to invite people on your birthday, but on your name day people are meant to ivite themselves and you can't turn them away
"Fuck off Ken, they're filming midgets"
Правя - I am doing
And any Cossacks are also Russian by ethnicity.
Twas about time
You seem to know a lot about plants and flowers.
Socialism aims to destroy those, hence any ammount of Socialists, anywhere, is bad.
You'll see how much efforts you have to put, cause you know what, you may hike without seeing any flowers.
The mass exodus of Turks
It's just bulgarian history
>Government proposes 2% increase to research ministry’s cash allocation for 2019
Dutch people don't sweat, got it
In Sofia I would say Vitosha bul
They should stop living the past, and start living today with thoughts for the future.
Next year the agreement between troika and Greece expires and as far as i know, there will be no other bail-out.
atleast you guys are trying/improoving ...
Even not putting a progressive system making the tax 28
I guess I'll go buy some french cheeses and wine now to show my support
Тъмна Индия ми е. - "That's dark India to me
Legalized but regulated
Prague , because I want to experience this amazing culture and just to walk these old streets
That's another minus
Like three hours a week for four years or so.
Edit: There are also some small stores in the larger cities
- clicked the link: something red, something, something adblock
However, I've seen foreigners speak fluently, so it's not impossible
The real shock was an international study of reading known as PIRLS, published in 2017, in which French pupils lagged in 34th position, behind those in Spain, Portugal and Italy
The rise of the right everybody
These things are meant to last, they are for the entire family.
I think it's quite common
Countries who are *in* the EEA, so like Spain, Iceland, but not Canada.
I hardly-ever use it though, only if i have to stay many hours in place where vaping is not allowed.
*(2) The entire power of the State shall derive from the people
Why people tend to exclude Greece and European Turkey from the Balkans
Maybe if you were able to understand what and how he is talking (which is not his only problem) you would know what i mean
No - by Constitution we are a unitary state and autonomous regions within Bulgaria are impossible
People here seem to be overstating canadian influence, because they like the country.
Russophobia, islamophobia and so on.
So its EUs fault that USA did not keep its promise?
Book
There is no chance of Bulgaria choosing Russia over the EU, the problem is that the EU has yet to make strong commitment to a shared military, meaning that its not really an option you can choose.
Yes
This looked to me quite a bit [like the Bulgarian flag] I took it in Armenia though
From a different point, I guess any of the Slavic languages would be a nightmare
If you can't fire employees that are bad, or make it very hard, overall a business will be slow in hiring new workers,especially youth workers
Mmm bandes dessinées with gravy
Unions are threatening strikes
And how exactly are they going to force them into Turkey?
There is no growth without working properly.
He wasn't visited by generals but by members of the Politburo
Of course, keeping in mind that every nation has done reprehensible things in the past
What would be the correct form?
Българиа на три морета!
And the statistics are counting gypsies which have a median of 5 children or something like that.
Or that all of English history is actually Irish and the latter stole it.
Yes
However there is a loose snuff you can simply roll and put it under your lip.
Bad roads, old and unsafe cars, asshole drivers, we have it all
I don't really know
>Hourly
Готов или не, аз идвам!
It's a mixture of shitty laws and the shitty police system in Bulgaria.
As far as I know, in the UK they most often talk about weekly salary, but in the US, when they talk about salary, they mention their wage for the whole year.
I'm pretty sure it would be someone from eastern europe pulling out a broken rakija bottle and stabbing everyone else
Turbofolk, chalga and manele are the Balkan trifecta of Trash Music
>My entire family works in social institutions, I can tell you, not a single one of them told me it was "the best social plan", and even if it was, it's overshadowed by the rest
There are plenty of other subreddits for Americans, you are free to go there.
Who forced the debt down the Greeks' thorats?
I can have a decent quality of life and our politics are too entertaining to miss out
funny thing is, most people here see the backstabbing incident as you (Serbs) being greedy for territory during the first war, while we were the ones actually fighting the Turks, so a Bulgarian stereotype about Serbs is an imperialistic dream that never comes true
Winters are the worst because he’s very isolated and gets completely cut off from the outside world
Guess you didn't detect the sarcasm.
Especially Americans love to tell us what is Socialism and what is Communism while having absolutely no idea whatsoever
Ah now I understand
But it does affect me when funds from the government budget are diverted to accommodate people who crossed into Bulgaria illegally.
A jar of Nutella cost the same here as it does in Spain.
The fear-mongering around 'drugs' completely ignores how normalized alcoholism and smoking, two extremely accessable bad habits, are
there
Well it strike the nostalgia bone, but I have not seen one in 20 years, and 2 leva note is still seen here and there
The above text is in Bulgarian, so your comment is actually 100% correct.
It made me feel kind of insulted lol
That doesn't cost money
> (BTW your English is impeccable)
Земя (zemya) - Earth, soil and ground
In employment this equals slavery - being given no choice whether to work for someone, to go away or to negotiate for a wage.
" type of reaction
How can you detect something which is not physically there
It would allow us to have proper EU-wide media without giving preferential status to any one language.
Im still so mixed on the EU
Actually put **effort** into it
How is supporting the UN resolution antisemitic?
I only resent how people (Bulgarians) tend to elevate it over our own language sometimes, in the sense of "coolness".
3: Final vote if it should be accepted
It's called [Етър] (Etar) and it's basically caramel flavoursed soda drink
According to the penal code, this is punishable by doing time in prison.
I lived my whole life in Bulgaria.
I've also heard that Bulgarian soldiers in Afghanistan listened to Roki Vulovic and other war songs from the 90s to boost their morale.
> the FT proved that China had been faking their major data consistently for a decade
red, yellow, green
(which are, of course, not always a banana republic)
It transfers to Monday, but since Monday is already a holiday it goes to the first working week day, in this case Tuesday
Don't know why you're being downvoted, I, for one, have no idea what the situation's like in Denmark.
I hope they do lead to some good changes this time
The song that recently became a traditional part of the horo is called "Vasilka fell in love" and its about a girl that has fallen in love with two guys and has to choose between them
The only contact those countries have with them is in the form of beggars in the streets.
I suggest starting off by reading some Giuseppe Mazzini, "On Nationality" (1852) in particular.
German is badass, though unfortunately I don't speak it.
70 €) , one way,  whitout discount
So they essentially retroactively absolved themselves of whatever crimes they committed.
Our customs are corrupt as well and you can see the same pattern.
list of based countries
Καλημέρα
What has to happen for journalists to learn to put sources in their stories?
We don't recognize lies and false claims.
Those that can afford private hospitals have no issues - they only pay the difference between what they are entitled to via their state health coverage and what the hospitals bill you
If you can't condemn a country that has invaded another one and started a war there, how are you fit to join the EU?
It obliterated a military depot with a total of 1,494 tonnes of ageing artillery shells, rocket propelled grenades, depth charges, hand grenades and other explosives
Пак от [Wikipedia] "Името на квартала е свързано с термална вода, която излиза на земната повърхност: овчари, които водели стадата си там, знаели, че овцете с охота газят из мочурливите ливади.
My language has a very phonetic up-to-date spelling system and everything is written almost as it sounds
Everyone else is far behind Germany.
If your enemy is at your border ...
And Trump claims that global warming is a chinese hoax :p I was going to link a documentary about the creation of macedonia but unfortunately it doesnt have captions.
Exactly what Henry said before he started his chain of marriages and executions.
You can even drink in the car here as long as you are not the driver
" at the top of her lungs
They are important, but they are not suited for all ages
Sexism
I am sorry but Lol
OK but I'm talking about a much shorter timespan.
We convinced the chinese that it's the secret to longevity
Obviously there are actual reasons why this could look good on paper, espacially since this contains a lot more than just articles 11 & 13
Well if we're going to be future Romanian clay I demand we get that DNA chick for
How you **FEEL** doesn't matter and never will in a debate.
Average penis size according to Cropedia:
It's fine though cause he is calling for his own extermination
I always liked to say kill one bullet with two rabbits due to how well it rhymed (or flowed I guess) in Bulgarian
Of course, Trump has consistently supported Russian intrrests in the past 4 years, but these people rarely use logic
Of course once Britain quits the EU, imported cars will be more expensive.
Dude, the story is actually **so** crazy I'm planning on writing about it in detail some day
FPTP would've meant Radev is president now.
and Geodesy|
It's about his love for an underaged girl which he couldn't marry/be together with because her father forbid them
Nice me to met
I don't really use it but if I'm searching for a something related to Bulgaria I prefer using the Bulgarian version
The Viking age started about 300 years after the Roman Empire fell (at least the Western one)
Without a much worse candidate in almost every aspect in the white house?
Ayyy, you'll be able to join the club of 5 people and a cow
Thank you Albania, for having such nice people who are so kind and hospitable even when you are abroad
Actually Mersin is right next to Cyprus.
Also the Armenian disapora here is exempt from changing their last name to end in a gendered way, as they usually end with **-yan/ian** which I find pretty interesting, as they still fit in pretty well with our system, as that's just their version of -ov/a, -ev/a, etc
And a lowball estimate for [Germany] His point is that going against other EU countries to please the UK is not a very smart move.
And we end up compensating by excessively praising mediocre achievements of Bulgarians(often times emmigrants who probably don't identify with being Bulgarian much) instead of focusing on what we can do here and now and believing in ourselves
Well, I don't listen to pop, but was pretty shocked to learn "turn me on" does not refer to turning an engine, machine or switch on/ off
Right back at you Ireland
Ancient City of Nessebar - Initially a Thracian settlement from 3000 bc, then a Greek colony, then Byzantine, then Bulgarian etc
In my opinion reading the same outlets in different languages is not cross checking of info.
No, I am only asking about the reasons, not judging you decisions.
Those turbines are quite noisy.
Bulgarian cuisine is a collection of only exquisite top notch meals
I have taken on the task of increasing wine consumption in Bulgaria.
A friend of mine went to Uni abroad for 4 years and then came back and lived with her parents until they were 26
Edit: That program was reinstated
Helping Germany in both world wars
I eat this almost every single day.
The authors Bulgaria would consider its most significant like Hristo Botev and Ivan Vazov have at this point been dead for so long that their work is most likely in the Public domain
Sorry but Huntington's classification was trash at the time when he made it and its even worse when used in current day geopolitics.
Seen the same rooms here
I am not one to have national pride in such things, but I believe we have one of the best [anthems] so yes.
And of course some [sminduh] (don't know how to translate that) and black pepper on top.
Probably thought "what do we have to lose?".
Tsar's party was NDSV (note that I am just transliterating, not translating the abbreviations)
I’d say it feels closer to answering the phone by saying what
Incentivizing the replacement of older car models is probably a big one.
Thus, I'd say, if it wasn't popular then it wouldn't have been maintained that much or at all if it was at some godforsaken place where the society is poor or doesn't give a damn about culture
The same way most christians reject slavery.
At first we were neutral but then we had no chance, we had to join the Axis or we would have been invaded
Which of course means that EU citizens may also need visa for visiting the UK.
Technically they weren't always good guys but the really bad were eventually called kurdzhali and generally most celebrated haiduk voivods are the ones that never did anything bad
Would be glad if we build stronger protections on how our data is harvested and used against us as it can happen in more countries without definite action
Готов или не, аз идвам
Once the festival begins they start jumping around, making noise with their bells and scaring the evils and demons of the winter away
Yes, their problem is that they don't have the financial capacity for an advertisement campaign
And we got two countries named Kuwait on the continent.
Circumcision in fact predates Islam itself.
That is the best thing I have eaten anywhere else abroad
When you're young, it doesn't really matter, you got a whole life upfront.
The ruling party since 2009 is considered right leaning on paper with the convenient name of "Citizens for European Development of Bulgaria", but in reality it's everything else but this
People here are really keen on learning foreign languages due to opportunities for work, but I'd like to think it is also because of genuine interest
The Elves in Dwarf Fortress are a bunch of girly boys armed with only their leather skirts who walk around and complain when you cut down trees
Tsar Ferdinand I,
During nationals there were three rounds - 1st round is spelling a word from the list, 2nd round is the judges giving you a word in bulgarian from the list and you need to translate and spell the word in english, 3rd round is unknown words from a separate list you don't receive
Phoebe must be cringing hard right now
LoL, like is that supposed to be a legitimate threat by FB
Examples being кебапчета with лютеница and шкембе чорба among many others
Ah yes, people once again cheer as the government decides it's better to control things, then let people choose
Think it is internal British affair.
Why on earth Brits want to be arrogant and try pushing imperial system again?
(Wikipedia says the same.) Later, they were baptized into Catholicism.
I'm alright with Hollande too but i hear he's very unpopular and has no chance.
When economy is screwed - no cheap money for you, cause as the risk of not paying back your loan increases, the interest increases as well.
Can confirm, this is Switzerland - you can tell by the non-elevated boardwalks, the wood houses everywhere and the lack of level ground anywhere
The "fuck" equivalent in here is "ebal sum ti majkata", which literally translates to: "I will fuck your mom". We also have like 10-15 ways to phrase that and I don't think anything else comes close in popularity
>The government hopes to overhaul an ailing university system, which international students have previously voted the worst in Europe
In Russian it also works like this
Those are two very different things
Not extremely homophobic or something
Yeah, deaths by getting tangled up in a mosquito net rose by a million percent.
0 Revised
You'll never hear people say "preeba" in a formal setting, cause it's a swear word, but "precaka" is okay.
having a sustainable living model
It's funny how different are all the cultures, even the neighbouring countries, about this small thing.
Vast swathes of Bulgarian society care without being far right or morons.
Sharing is caring
Only one of them is about Brething.
The UK only grows around 25% of the population it requires, imports the rest, that's why it can have more than 60 million on an area smaller than Sweden.
Burgas' Russian population is expected to be 10% by the end of next year.
Brexit was a shitshow, US elections were a shitshow.
Unpopular opinion: keep it
Lukoshenko is a fascist dictator
I don't care about insults about any country including my own
Truth is, pro-Russian, pro-Turkish DPS decided the vote as in all elections in the past 15 years.
I admit I always get very defensive because I am kinda tired of being accused of being a leech when I actually care a lot about the UK and try my best to be productive and give back so when I saw your comment I presumed you meant it in a bad way
Fully 70% of undergraduates, says the ministry, fail to complete their degree in three years
Not a few months, less than two weeks actually
Probably North Macedonia , there are like our little brother
That's what  China is doing
In Bulgaria, no doubt [Vasil Levski] is considered the greatest man, he was a revolutionary fighting against the Ottoman rule in the 19th century
Currently the municipality is turning it into a [mixed structure] with an art gallery and a historical museum
It was porn and internet all along, and i had internet access in 6th grade
This is why I refuse to move north
A ridiculous amount
There were even small amounts of kosovar refugees in Bulgaria, but nobody referred to the refugee wave of that time period as - crisis.
The terrorist isn't a cyborg you know, I'm sure he can be easily spotted (appearance, body language and what not) if there was anyone to look for him.
It was done with Turkey and also several months later a new deal was made with Afghanistan.
What happened
I don't understand why italy is part of the Six.
Everything comes down to malevolent election interference by Russia
But you might also find a shell bomb from ww2
As far as I understand the reforms the government will still pay you to go to school
The downvotes are coming from mad brexit boys, who thought that they can keep the "good" parts of the EU and get rid of the "bad" ones.
Why is it OK to insult millions of people who speak slavic language
There was a TIL post about it that made it to the front page a few days ago, I'm guessing that was where you saw it.
Plovdiv, maybe
The fires have been covered because the fire season in Bulgaria is also raging with 4 fires currently
I thought that's the point of what ifs
Just 1 chicken
Not at all in the UK
I have an EU flag on the wall behind my bed.
There's of course numerous other scandals behind the protests, mostly of corruptional nature, but these leaked photos are known to everyone here these days, so pretty iconic even jokingly
I guess the users on uk/politics are fake.
Johnson-the-Clown can warn the Brits about whatever he wants.
Even if you only count from the unification of Romania, there's the second Balkan War and both World Wars
DPS - formally liberal, in practice a mafia owned party that collects a lot of Turkish minority vote through scaremongering
Here's a link with eng subs  -  main stuff begins at 1:25
Pinyin basically uses the latin letters to show how a character is read
I would like to thank Russia for helping Bulgaria getting it's independence back from the ottoman empire
shame, really
I have the power of God and anime on my side
It's very appreciated if a foreigner have learned something,  we love when someone have put a bit of effort to learn our very unpopular language
Then why are we letting them in Germany, we should stop them in Turkey and provide them there.
German pentioners are already very present to the North
Yes, it is safe
Fun fact: that Russian alphabet
I guess I'll go buy some french cheeses and wine now to show my support
Is it something that Serbians learn at school
I did not know that Portugal was a producer of Lithium.
I am not murdering any Norwegians any time soon, sorry...
So Navalny gets repeatedly poisoned, blinded, beaten just to make  it realistic
And collapse the metro tunnels of M1, 3 and 4 with the extra weight
We are still the poorest country in the EU, the runt, the laughing stock of the whole union and this guy is bragging as if he won a football match
Just "Deeba" at the least
No reaction at all
Lol didn't even try Bulgarian :(
Believe me if people want to find other way around - they will.
One has to be delusional not to see this as the perfect storm for conflicts and wars as well.
Thе saving of the weaker EZ members did cost a lot, problems are looming in Italy and Greece will need significant portion of its debt written off with another bail out.
About 43 on that corruption index, I honestly expected worse
That way the old retirees won't be that outraged that we "destroy history".
Democracy means that majority rule
Which is why we are trying to ги изринем.
You can't reliably distinguish closely related ethnicities from one another like that and there is no evidence that this is actually real
Ours doesn't get any weaker than that, trust me...
Because it would be disrespecting the religion and the people's beliefs.
Bulgarians eat snails too
Who would've thought this would be happening?
He’s relatively healthy and has a family to help support him but has lived a hard life
I've never seen anything like it in Bulgaria or other Balkan countries
Lake Baikal is beautiful but we rarely if ever see pictures from Russia upvoted in /r/pics or other subreddits.
Жули до дупка, вуте-е-е!
I bet there are more Russian speakers in Latvia than Bulgaria.
This data makes us looks racist as hell
Popular chocolate brands here cost the same as they do in most of western Europe.
Putin started his military intervention way after that.
I don't like this map
There are a ton of examples of covers of Greek and Serbians songs with the same melody, but with Bulgarian lyrics.
Spread the word that half my country doesn't have a working brain
USB 1
Go in Bulgaria everything is almost free for people from Western Europe
Compare to EU yes we have to be orange or red, but compare with Europe as a continent no we are in the correct category
Hmm thank you, you learn something new everyday.
What other language do you think is relevant enough to be in the top10?
I am excited to see young people on protests trying to improve our country
European nations will disappear unless they unite, Juncker says
A mistake they didn't get the funding.
Oh shit
You act as if countries like Germany are 100% homogeneous.
The creators of the Cyrillic alphabet are from Greece after all...
At least what we can do is try and document as much of it as possible so that it can never die out
I feel like the flag is more symbolic of hatred towards Lukashenko who has done everything to stop it from being used, rather than actual anti-russian sentiment, even if in the historical sense it most certainly was used as such
I don't know if it is changed in the current educational system
What are you doing outside of r/the_donald, you don't want to be a globalist now do you?
To be fair Bulgarian is not spoken by many, so they probably felt safe in talking loud
I don't remember many stories sadly, because he did mumble a lot and focused a lot on specific dry strategies instead of interesting adventures
Wow
The French government decided to abolish ISF and replace it with the tax on real estate (IFI)
We sure as hell won't sacrifice more of our countries to make a state for them.
This might actually be the best 'winter' of my life
We did it reddit
The family flat is 45 years old, but our house is around 110 years old.
It's there for a reason and to be followed, not to be fucked at any opportunity...
Yes, literature is important, but it shouldn't be mandatory
students) .
Makes sense
Brits are flooding this sub, that is my opinion.
Small piercings are often seen on people working in business buildings
And yet they are quite ardent supporters of secularism.
Maybe it's cause their media is so popular and movies have conditioned me that way, but American English sounds the most correct to me.
>but I've got no idea why it shows 15C° near Sofia (the capital)
See [here
Also probably tennis - Grigor Dimitrov.
Also for Turkey many people consider them a mix of Middle East-Mediterranean people that speak a Turkic language while rest of balkans speaking indoeuropean language so this difference make many people to exclude them
The Indonesian archipelago is considered as part of Asia
Edit: I know this from Kimi
Whole of Europe I would imagine
Including Scotland, for example
We can still improve capitalism
How come you're learning Bulgarian
People are weird
Maybe you should read the history of EU and how it was created and how it expanded.
Which ones are more popular in your countries and are consider more 'standard' compared to the other ones
Haiduts ... Bulgarian outlaws that lived in the mountains and robbed ottomans during their occupation of Bulgaria
The OECD estimated that the Macron Law would generate a "0
What I fail to understand is what leverage does Russia have over the United States?
But I guess it could be worse - they could've made this [hideous Skopje 2014 looking shit] around the lion
Not exactly the same thing, but in the 90s a satirical show named Ku Ku did a prank about an accident in the Nuclear Power Plant Kozloduy and a lot of people fell for it which led to the show being cancelled
Ye, its because of the monarchies that the nordics are top ranking, not because of their social programs and economic models.
And in general lifestyle in all of the Balkans is unhealthy.
So what will Greece do when they leave the Euro, keep their hundreds of billions of debt in euros, and get all their revenue in heavily devalued drachmas?
Luxembourg is an outlier so far out and so weird that giving it as a model for something like the EU shows that you oversimplify your views to the point of false equivalences not even phasing you
Pretty much any degree from a 3rd tier university anywhere in Western Europe is praised more than whatever education you can get in Bulgaria
I don't know about Italy, but in Bulgaria, Garibaldi is very respected, he inspired some of our own 19th century revolutionaries like [Georgi Rakovski] and [Captain Petko Voyvoda] One of the main squares in central Sofia is named after him and there are a few monuments in his memory
Belgium, Netherlands, Luxembourg
I agree with this
Perhaps they can trade Mitrovica for Presevo.
I’m currently working and going on to train I a high demand field worldwide
In Bulgaria at least it wasn't allowed to build churches higher than an ottoman soldier on a horse
Nothing bad with mountains, they are great for defence, i've passed trough Slovenia in 2017 it was gorgeous
forgot the name of the letters that are written on machine or typewriter.
I thought that's a Muslim before I read the caption
OR so they could use there own telescopes and continue the observation from more advantageous places on the surface.
Ever heard of Vratsa Region
Will it be hard or soft - politicians and diplomats will decide during the process of UK leaving the single market.
Roasting huge amounts peppers over an open fire, then boiling them in jars
It's not like they don't know this is hugely unpopular
What’s the difference between hispanic white and non hispanic white
I do not know what is actually true and cannot form an opinion at the moment
Extreme poverty between the pensioners - the are lacking basic products such as yoghurt, milk and bread
Assad is elected by his people as a ruler of Syria
And after that negative
because in their ideology there is absolutely no need for it.
*Shubler*, *shaiba*, *shina*, *shur* and *shantsa* (ski jumping thing) are also used in Bulgarian
Basically if your country is swarming with tourists with different culture (too direct Germans, too indirect Swiss) resentment is easy to develop, especially for people not having direct economic gains from said tourists (although probably all have some indirect ones)
To be honest, I wouldn't do it (male in my 20s), but even girls often do it (even schoolgirls) and it seems that it's safe.
Ottoman Turkish vocabulary was, as others have said, itself comprised of a lot of Persian and Arabic loanwords among Turkic ones
But the people are still bombarded with "solidarity with Greece" articles and news all the time, even in our media, and in all kinds of forums even if they aren't exclusively for the Eurozone.
I don't think anyone is saying Serbia should be prohibited from saying these things, they're just saying it's distasteful.
Depending on the outcome of the deal, the EU may lose its free movement priviliges with the UK (and vice versa), therefore some kind of a visa would be required for EU citizens to go into the UK
degree of relation to them: mom, dad, aunt, uncle, grandma, grandpa, big sis
Seeing as we constantly make threats that we're gonna fuck OP's mom, it kinda explains why the numbers might be high.
You took the words out of my mouth.
ain't no plane remained in the sky :)
Interesting but how do you measure that
This is the new Terminal 3 they intend to build
That is why I made the distinction.
Many people quit smoking with the help of vaporizers.
**Turkey** - I love how polite they are
I know that during monarchist times it was named "Ministry of War" however at some point between 1944 and now it's changed to "Ministry of Defence"
In Bulgarian churka means "a small dick" as in a diminutive to the word
"Why are you guys still using the Russian alphabet
You care only about trade, while i want EU to build better institution.
Huh, how come eastern folks are not people?
It's easy to be fooled when you haven't been there (which is the case for all these Americans and Brits)
The Nessebar windmill on the black sea coast
The people who believe that also believe he used Emperor Nikephoros' skull as
So if what you are saying is true, why is Greece unwilling to take the issue to an international arbitration court?
What cause
The city is located on the two hills, separated by a river, it's a steep walk around the centre and it's best to visit it in the spring and summer, because everything around the city is green and due to the hilly character of the city forests around the city are visible and it is just so lush, green and calm
Do you even understand what [racism] is?
Arum Creticum is the scientific name of the flower.
I hate "Natasha and Boris accent" and can't help but judge people who have it
then we can go and create a deal from that starting position.
Bansko is the most popular and mainstream ski resort but it's nowhere near Sofia.
I think Macron was right wanting to remove some labor laws and try and boost the economy
I understand Middle English best, Early Modern is
Most of them did
> София
Also, it was very late in my opinion - by age 17, the more socially active people in my class were already sexually active
Wtf is Brazil doing there lmao
Thinking about one of the "darkest" famous and beautiful Bulgarians...
Ok, I think so too except your comment that I originally responded to  said the ideal was for everyone to be fed and for nothing to be wasted so I just pointed how the "nothing wasted" part may not be as good as it intuitively sounds to us
Because the pro-EU politicians are also pro-US, at least in my country.
|Economy|University of National and World Economy|
OP asked about the most probable one, not one with actual high chances to invade
I usually don't have a problem if they insist on speaking Bulgarian but sometimes foreigners pronounce words in such a funny way that there's always a smile on my face
Officially, yes, but when it comes down to it, I doubt the German SPD has as strong ties to Russia as does our BSP.
The EU's responsibility is to them alone.
From Bulgaria: On the basis of your results, we estimate you know 73% of the English words.
I try to think as hard as I can and just can't seem to find a valid reason, something they have in common, so it's my own interpretation that it *must* be racism.
I call bullshit
However, as far as I know life's better there overall, the minimum wage is higher, romanians are making better progress against corruption and things seem to be improving much faster there.
Asiatic Bulgars migrate into the Balkans and become a nuisance to Greeks for centuries except that one time where we helped them not get their capital sieged by the Arabs even though a hundred years later we tried to siege it too
* Tsvetlomir(a)
Cattle of Europe: Bulgarian voters
The government does not care with these regions and Kardzhali are siding with Turkey, while in the Northwest some even want to be part of Romania
Well, I don't know the man personally, my opinion of him is based on what I see on media.
German itself is pretty cool language though, because at least superficially it seems to be very logically structured.
They will be lucky if they get a combined 10% share in the next elections, and probably none will pass the threshold, because in Bulgaria populism wins the day, as most people don't care about anyone else but themselves and their immediate family.
But society itself absolutely *was* subjected to numerous Marxist economic and social elements, such as the above mentioned ones.
this doesn't prove your point in any way, right.
Some people say Europeans can be a bit obsessed with America
You can't sit around, arguing that the problem is that people "don't understand". Newsflash—no matter the importance of "people understanding" is, no matter their responsibility, in the foreseeable future voters won't begin to understand how the EU operates
In school they teach us that Bulgaria looks like a lion (it is the national symbol of the country)
- Almost all economic and cultural activities take place in Sofia (a bit of it also goes to the aforementioned 3-4 cities)
You are all deluding yourself with the bullshit of "diversity is our streanght, tolerance and blah blah" - you balkanize your societies and will turn them into Yugoslavia or Syria one day.
Same country tbh
legitimately put your experience to work and 3.
But maybe North Macedonia
So you friend gets the money back immediately
Ha, I only knew it as Niva, and it seems they've changed it yet again - it's [Bronto] now
Inside smoking has been banned for years and yet at least half of the places will allow it
99,9% of our country names are identical to the english ones, for example Anglia, Finlandia, Franzia, Ispania, Norvegia, Ukraina, Moldova, Rusiya, Turtsiya, Sărbia, etc
But nevertheless, people went out and started chanting, mobbing, then raiding, prosecuting people at some areas.
Woohoo, we are pretty proud of our empire
So when I went to Czechia I ordered it out of interest and I really liked it
Putting my bet on the "freedom fighters"...
Yeah, like Europe is all about politics and economics.
Interestingly they've already began spreading their nasty tentacles and have bought half of all Bulgarian media and so have the Russians
Sure, an actual legal entity like the Vatican may have an actual legal framework or charter that defines how many angels can do it, but it changes nothing.
And also, it would mean 1 less hour of enjoying the sunlight after work, so that sucks
They are people who chose to fight for the freedom of their nation through terrorist means.
I don't see anything wrong with that.
BSP - largely unreformed communists
I see no plans or push for EU wide taxation that allows free public transport, in fact, the way the current administration works, there is no framework for the EU to even impose taxes
That money could be used way better
Wildernis hasn't existed here since the 1600s
It's a nice country for vacations
I appreciate that sentiment, but it is not true.
At the absolute worst we'd have a repeat of the 90s UN funding crisis
Everything else is Uneurope
Look, if we have to follow your definition of democracy, the first democracies were created at the start of the twentieth century.
Yes, both
BEtter present some fucking proof for this
I think Bulgarians are more butthurt about losing Northern Dobrudja when the Russians gave it to you in 1878 in exchange for lands in Bessarabia, than about 1913.
I don't think EU military needs downsizing especially now.
* Constantinople/Istanbul was historically **Tsarigrad**
This map states that all the countries in green do not require a visa for EU citizens
Well also the concentration camps and the whole fuck freedom vibe is not well appreciated
Pretty much all slavic countries say "снег" except Bulgaria where it's "сняг" bulgarians don't give a shit do they
By Wikipidia, the free encyclopedia
Two years ago the same kind of non-sense gained a lot of traction here (people completely misunderstanding the concept of gender as a social construct)
But the thing is that it was one thousand years ago, so it's not a political matter in present times
Sorry for bad english also
Damn it, we needed only one or two more Balkan wars then!
This is so prevalent recently in my town, there's a mad old lady that is glueing them on the back of every road sign
Attack EU which has a much bigger army than Russia not to mention NATO backing them?
If someone can answer why his hair always looks like he just dipped it in bacon grease though that would be awesome
Seriously though, this is terrifying
They like to contradict themselves like that.
Looks like Willem Dafoe
No - the stone is part of the bedrock
How about Hungary and Ukraine ?
Good
So, I will start with Bulgaria:
It is not that bad for normal passengers or cars.
Are you dumb?In both WW some European countries would win and some would lose.
just swim l0l
Then you can read [this article]
* Thessaloniki is **Solun**
> Countries were forced to participate, including Greece
hey hey hey Bulgaria is in the OK graph come on
> And if that is the case, we should find a way that does not hurt people so everyone can enjoy the holiday
I like the current tricolour, I think green makes for a very pleasant addition to a flag
The half century of communism fucked the country pretty bad.
It's not like a simple trade deal (or even a complex one like CETA) is close to being an EEA member.
It seems that there's been a rise in Eastern Orthodox believers in the last 10 years (according to wikipedia) and overall, I'd say it's only an issue if you bring it up during a religious holiday/ceremony or if you're in a smaller, rural area
Europe, and even the EU, doesn't have an official lingua franca.
It's one of the most spoken languages in Europe
Our continent is much more than politics, economics, landscapes, cityscapes and nice old buildings.
The coup only failed because Turkey decided to intervene.
The soul of a child
Why do you think so much money were thrown at Greece, Portugal, Ireland and Spanish banks?
Used to be a center of Orthodox Christianity and currently the center of Islam in Europe
And we embarrassed ourselves again
Yes, but they are still our rivals (at some point)
Some Brits even tried to be "smart" and posted a picture of a fat guy sitting in front of computer and said i look like him.
Evidence of the existence of a community on Mount Titano dates back to the [Middle Ages] That evidence comes from a monk named Eugippio, who reports in several documents going back to 511 that another monk lived here
Cinema center (Kinotsentar or Киноцентъра) in Sofia, Bulgaria
Waffles,European Parliament,Atomium
Dude, that sounds delicious
Gotta admit it's funny, tho
So fly just like Britain will fly away from the EU.
Look at 2002 just before the reforms, 10% just like France
Says who
Progressivism and the progressives will never admit this issue.
If territorial integrity was so important why was Serbia divided ?
Isnt that pretty much standard in almost all european countries ?
Love you guys
I know it's bad, but it really was my first reaction
Who is to say that the same would not have happened in Cyprus?
Nothing bad with mountains, they are great for defence, i've passed trough Slovenia in 2017 it was gorgeous
Have faith brother, it was the same in Bulgaria but people really started oppening up to Board Games in recent years
We are the only slavs in the world that don't use я for "I" or "me"
But granted, it's only for modern surviving cultures
We kind of stare, I've had foreign friends point it out as a bit weird
You'd have to be pretty naive to think that only the NSA spies on Merkel.
2016 marked the 11th consecutive year of decline in global freedom.
Order Johnson-the-Clown to start negotiations as soon as possible with only one message he has to deliver - We, the glorious Britain, the descendants of the glorious Empire, we the global leading trade power, we the the smartest, the biggest and the best in anything you can think about, are leaving this degenerate EU.
I'm not aware of him doing anything against the Greeks
He said: "I've been spending too much time worrying how to keep these idiots in (the soldiers), that I didn't think someone would come from outside". I was just escorted to the gate and I went home but he did make me leave the plums tho
I never claimed the far-right people, politician and ideologues have dissapeared, i claimed there weren't "there" - in the political scene, for decades.
Turkey has as much right to be in the Kurdish regions of Anatolia as Israel has to be in Palestine.
People names definitely should keep pronunciation
The problem is that Greece has been living beyond its means for decades.
and probably at least someone eats it.
Your country is going to shit
It was an actual government run by the BSP and DPS with support from the nationalists.
I'd never live to see a decent translation to Bulgarian, except maybe if I do it myself
You are merely stating how things are, in a conversation about how they should be.
Everything you're using right now is a product of competition
Oh, so you are one of *those* nations that artificially impose their late, 20th century nationhood onto completely different entities from hundreds or thousands of years ago.
Congratulations, you played yourself
This picture was posted earlier.
> Viking-Magyars
I understand Scots perfectly,  I think that's why Middle English is easier for me
Well, trowing billions to a dictator who uses everything as leverage to gain more power or just not having borders at all(and even taking them in when they sink their own ships, lol) proved to be way more effective.
I laugh every time i hear that Netflix revolutionized watching stuff cause you can do it through the internet now.
They always do a lot of harm to Bulgaria
As you can see, even if countries are doing all the efforts required they still can be rejected joining in "inner club", to a point they no longer apply or wish to join.
Would love to know how many people's holidays were ruined by the recent attacks.
That is not explainable but for some reason when I hear it makes sense
A shame we can’t get some *better* American fast food here, like Taco Bell or Chick Fil A. I think Taco Bell would be wildly popular here
I do understand why you answered this way tho, looking at OP s post, he seems to think everyone on the left is a marxist.
I'm almost sure I'd learn basically the same stuff at a local Uni as I do in the UK but I wouldn't meet people as driven or as diverse
We have a very high emigration rate, so the majority of young people are fluent in English *and* one more foreign language - most commonly German
There are 4 US military training bases in Bulgaria, where US military trains and I don't see the point of having them.
He he, the old buildings create cozy atmosphere.
[Places like that] still exist in Eastern Europe (and most of the world really), just not in the first world where agriculture is fully industrialized.
I think, it is good enough UK and EU to trade under the rules of WTO.
I can guess where they are generally from based on area - those being the UK, Western Europe, Northern Europe, Eastern Europe and the Balkan area
The same threat is very common here
The Norwegians decided that the strength of their fishing industry is more important than having voting rights, so they stay out
You heard of cheese, butter, eggs and milk?
Wow this post is really interesting because in the comments you have actual Europeans supporting the protesters and then you have salty Americans - half of the Americans are supporting peaceful protests and the other half want us to burn our city
And i lived on a greek island for a while.
Well yes, but actually no
those guys were fucking cool
I think two groups contribute to this
Go South though and I'll have a problem
To a person uninterested in geography, world politics or history: The first 6 are all chinese.
We have none of those and our homicide rate is still much lower
Easy to understand tax code, easy to understand laws and websites by the government that are user friendly and explain all the necessary bureaucracy in a straight manner
You just weren't the nicest in history to us so that's why we're friendly, not superfriends
That's because Macedonians don't really vote in our elections.
A friend of mine has an American boyfriend and when his parents come to visit, they find the small cars quite uncomfortable
Russian
yo waddup banana split it's me your pal again remember to vote le pen
no its based
However, I also think that the protests are very important because they show that people won't tolerate being played around
Shit the military will need to learn English.
well they have to delete all the comments first
Its the most normal thing that bulgarians study the history of their people and not some other country.
That's not how it works
I'm proud people from my nation were inspired by your people's actions.
I work about 25h a week at an art store, I get to use the wifi and read books when it isn't busy
i dunno i personally wouldn't have a problem with a politician using a car, just like i wouldn't have a problem with anyone else doing so
So, visual studio Germany
We have pretty diverse nature as a whole but I am more of a mountain dude than a beach guy.
I thought Maltesers are from Malta, but they are British
No one even bats an eye
Don't even need to look at the flag to know which country you are from.
Paisi hilendarski (paisius of the Hilendar monastery): so first take into account that Bulgaria was under Turkish occupation for 500 years
[American bbqs] vs [most bbqs I've seen in Europe]
I always though they were richer by a factor of two or three, but it seems like we are approaching them fast in terms of wealth.
I didn't say there wasn't inequality or that it wasn't growing.
every day more epic than the last
From every single news website I've seen, also from a ton of propaganda facebook groups.
i just can't read it out loud without laughing out loud
''I sent you pics of my mount please respond''
It is already 34 here in BG and it is already above my threshold
I wish it snowed in Bulgaria ):
Here's an exempt from the wiki article:
He's argument was - In the Netherlands only the king can afford to live in a forest, here i feel like a king in my own forest.
Maybe not many people know, but the very first computer was created in Bulgaria from a guy by the name of John Atanasov
I'm completely fluent in English and have no accent anymore but words like jeweler and jewelry *still* give me a hard time
The tomb has a unique architectural decor, with polychrome half-human, half-plant caryatids and painted murals
Generally, the less urban, the higher chance of it being something else
Illiteracy rates are very high among them.
It is unnecessarily huge
Greece is doomed ever since Greek governments started signing those agreements.
Yes it is possible, but I do not know for now
Let’s stop the manipulation of science
And those who are not good with languages shouldn't be forced into them
1,000,000 - милион (million)
Politicians in Eastern Europe want to get to Parliaments or to ruling position because they can easily enrich themselves.
I don't blame the medias too much honestly,they are Bulgarian/Romanian citizens so I get why they're reporting it just like that,but imho people should know that they're **not ethnic Bulgarians/Romanians**. They live in a parallel society to ours and the only thing we share in common is the country
Tbf Slovenia and Greece in usually in most maps and indexes way better than the rest of the Balkans though
Paradoxically, a Russia that returned Crimea to Ukraine would not be Democratic since it would be in clear violation of the Russian constitution and against the will of the people
Kъртицата рови (kartitsata rovi) - the mole is digging
Земя (zemya) - Earth, soil and ground
Tell him that there is a somewhat new and only sometimes used common european language, just with heavy dialects (dutch is germanic, so I think that might be beleivable)
Thank you and good luck
Stop the Hysteria
There's some really conservative people on that subreddit but it's definitely better
Ok, West Russian
Hard  to believe this picture is real lol
Basically women would save their hair, braid it and later pass it down the generations to daughters and granddaughters
The Czech Republic is better, but it's weird
I'm on mobile so I can't link it, but there's an article about this on there, and it basically says that policy wise, very little will change.
I'v been hearing this for 20 years.
If you don't have a name to back it up then it might as well be made up
More people work in Luxembourg than live in it - many people work there but commute to Germany or Netherlands where they live, thus the state's GDP is benefiting from that
Yet that's all the explanations we ever get of the flag colours.
Oh noes, more things that will totally have happened on twitter!
DNA studies aren't as accurate as wiki articles I agree with you.
And Geshev's efforts were in vain - what a pity :)
What the fuck are you going on about?
However, it's very common for kids up until puberty to be topless, until about 11 probably
Capitalism isnt perfect, but it's the closest thing we have to an automatic evaluation of how much we should pay for something
Fast internet and corruption
We can do that, right
Not destroyed just moved and whoever is interested should be allowed to visit them
Thank you to Russia for helping liberate us from the ottomans
I agree if we maybe switch the focus on profits to well being it will be better
Bro imagine brexiting so hard you leave the mainland
Um, call me crazy but that list seems like absolute bullshit to me.
**Christian names:** Vladimir, Simeon, Samuil, Presiyan, Dobromir, Kaloyan, Asen, Petar, Konstantin, Ivan, Ivaylo, Koloman, Georgi, Shishman, Yoan, Smilets, Mihail, Georgi, Aleksandar
Here blue pens seem to be mare used than black , or other colors
It's cardinal sin in most of Europe as well
Most of the Khans and the Tsars
The northern parts of the country used to be very culturally significant and important for food production but they're steadily declining, more and more schools and entire villages are shutting down, libraries and cultural centres in towns and cities, etc
Same in Bulgarian
The weirdest thing is that Dutch public transport is not becoming free in 2020, so I fail to see how saying BeNeLux means that free transortation is coming to Belgium and the Netherlands
A TON of laws have passed SPECIFICALLY for poorer people ! Like higher (+100€) minimum pensions for the retired ? Like the transfer of social contributions from the retired (except the poorest retired) to the workers ? Like the removal of the local housing tax except for richer people ?The ONLY law that was passed specifically for rich people was the removal of the "Impôt sur la Fortune", which was scientifically a terrible, terrible tax which did not succeed at transferring money from the rich to the poor
It is EU values such as democracy, freedom and rule of law that have led them to rebel now
In the case of a single mother, the kid gets it's middle and last name from her
:D I see
I mean other politicians are more discrete but still
Also the Unification between East Rumelia and thr Bulgaria Kingdom
Can't think of any other ones
Zoom in and look the part of the second chair where people usually place their feet.
Every newer generation uses less and less of them
Porn is illegal I think
Probably not, the labour market is not capable of handling it, so unemployment will skyrocket.
In Bulgaria blue is GERB (centre-right), red is BSP (left), and yellow is DPS (turkish party, centrist).
If Romania isn't way worse than us about these things...
Btw there was a protest movement in the Northwest to have three provinces join Romania because of the alleged "ignoring" of the region when it comes to funding and development
Plus since you're connected to the EU economies you support you also benefit from your own transfers to them, not so much  from international ones
Sounds like you just need a hug!
Turned out they're cousins that met hundreds of miles away, for the first time in their lives
They all have a plethora of things to see and cool people to meet.
Tell someone the Cyrillic alphabet is Russian/made in Russia they will try to murder you with words
Oh :(
And why is closing the borders to them not going to work?
2020 governments are really asking for bloody revolutions aren't they
They suddenly exploaded in popularity in the past 15 years, especially past 5.
Suriname and Botswana above us?
But to be honest, I think it is just Facebook hype.
However most ( if not all ) British cars ain't cheap at all.
The EU won't want any exemptions probably, Scotland would need to join Schengen and accept the euro
You also have weaker institutions making tax collection harder at higher levels.
News flash—the system is broken elsewhere as well
33€ per month for Bulgaria
Spelling Bee finalist here
Either маймунско "а" [maimunsko a] (monkey "a") or кльомба [klyomba] ("badly written letter")
The only reason we're even in this mess is because people like you have been fighting against any integration and measures to increase the EU's power for years and now complain it's ineffective
You guys are in a demographic and migration crisis.
EU: German; SA: Spanish; Africa: French; Asia: Mandarin
Wait so it won't be racist if they are part of the majority?
I didn't understand half of your original comment.
Will Mekel join Gazprom when she retires
It's not just that
I don't think that would be better
Comments like that are cringy as fuck
In every industry, companies are competing for either your money or attention and have been doing so for a long time
Even the "right" politicians are ex-members or ex-agents of the secret communist police.
From Spain
Yup, also many Bulgarians in West Bulgaria go to Greece on vacation.
The whole point was as I understand it, to prevent a regional power from emerging, which was pretty successful.
The US for example has [38 million]#1) foreign born persons.
Nah, I mean the British helping Saudi Arabia raze Yemen to the ground.
It is not connected with Trump.
I usually always bet on germanic with comments like yours.
Eat so much fast food
So the deaths of millions under the British empire are not as despicable because it was not as immediate and the effort was not as concentrated.
I am the most tolerant person you will meet but i still fucking loathe them
Nah I think it's [this]
In Bulgaria, many homes are still heated by a Petchka, wood burning stove
He'll keep it safe
It's brined, a little bit crumbly, quite salty (Bulgarians love salt) and a bit sour, made usually from cow's milk.
I feel this proves that one good thing came out of the Soviet occupation of eastern Europe, literacy
Turkish tourists have a cigarette in their mouth at all times
Will brexit increase or decrease the price of scotch?
We did, but we didn't expect things to go this bad
But not the enirity of Estonia or Latvia, and Crimea is kinda geographically separated from Ukraine, shouldn't the people there have the right to choose which country they want to be part of ?
(Same dead meme, but more grammatically correct)
I'm bi and one of my kids is adopted
Ruse - Bucharest is an hour if there are no delays on the border
I can hear the [Hallelujah]
That way we get both the competition and free Chinese money.
The [Holy See] confirmed the independence of San Marino in 1631
It's a part of the heritage of a Modernist movement in the early Soviet architectute, called [Constructivism]
kakoi tui be brat
Bulgaria is the oldest country in Europe, which has never changed its name since its foundation in 681
In my eyes west used to have such romantic view and westerners to be so romantically tolerant, almost adorable.
Sad :( Though in our defense Alaska is richer than even Norway and this is not PPP.
Erdogan was completely out of place to call the Netherlands fascist especially in light of his own track record with democracy at home.
Тъмна Индия ми е. - "That's dark India to me
But I understand them all seperately
I am very racis- I mean, what
Stop the Hysteria
When his team blatantly lied to the public and then said they were using "alternative facts".
You can compare yourself to France or Germany, not to the EU.
Thankfully it didn't happen much but my dad sure called me "dad" a lot
And she started selling ice cream
In a way the haiduti are the pirates of the Bulgarians and the voivods the captains
With such a system, how do you replace the iconic 'hey guys, I brought beer
Lmao
I'm pretty sure more Bulgarians speak Chinese than Patagonian, it's basic logic, duh
Very haunting
Ooh
Not so much
Yes
I said part of it, not the only reason.
A few anticorruption parties also participated (this photo is taken from "Da, Bulgaria!"-s Facebook page).
There is some in the shops, and I think I've tried once, but almost no one eats it.
Ако всеки почне да си пише на неговия език малко се обезмисля идеята на тоя съб, не мислиш ли?
No wonder interns don't get paid
I'm not trying to be smart, I know this matters a lot to Norway but why exactly?
Kawaii of the highest level
I don't want their influence, I prefer being under a German foot rather than an American one
I will just take my leave,kind sir
You gave me 3 yeses but there are 4 questions.
Heroes were pieces of work even when they didn't kill monsters
I can't even imagine how he felt.
>we pretty much gave up our national pride
This dude is a hero because when we had the first balkan war this dude refused orders from above to abandon some villages in the Rhodopes knowing that the Turks have a bit of a sick history with what they do to innocent villagers and he fought against far greater numbers and still managed to win the battle and save these villages
The corrupt politicians aren't the disease, but the symptoms
Even though i am not a pro and don't have DSLR camera, i would like to ask how did you recognize HDR in the picture?
Aggression from NATO members is more like an extra-curricular activity that some countries do on their own time
LOL, everyday commodities and basics are cheaper in the States.
Bulgaria's center-right GERB wins up to 32.8 percent in snap election: exit poll
Turt, we yooz ah diffehrehnt álfabet
The only state I know of getting around this rule even though they are eligible for the currency is Denmark
We would be the IT department that everybody forgot existed
Riots are the only negative thing in your mind?
Venezia is insane
I personally have studied English since I was 6, Russian for 3 years in school and German in highschool
It would have been better to just promote the counter march that the LGBT community organized.
If you want it you can have it.
Are there major population centers in the country that aren't under his control?
I guess even in New Zealand Turkish mothers calm their kids down before bedtime with the fairy-tale of the "forever 15 million kurds who always stay the same number and will never threaten our declining population".
Especially Americans love to tell us what is Socialism and what is Communism while having absolutely no idea whatsoever
"Swedish steel" is still a denominative for a very high quality steel here
Yes Bulgaria is the best choice I believe even if they don't enter this time they will for sure enter next time, this parlament won't last long anyway.
Когато Петър е "Питър", Сара е "Серъ", Хриси е "Криси", а фамилиите ни ги отебали тотално :')
From a black shirt to no shirt at all...
With their own legislation, rules and tax system but without any foreign or military policies.
Pretty sure the answer is "Everyone".
But see just because you think my opinion is that of another person doesn't make it so
Everyone knows it, everyone gets patriotic and emotional whenever it plays
Successful, middle-class, educated Muslims living in nice native neighborhoods who keep their arab names, speak arabic at home to their kids, practice Islam and muslim traditions as opposed to local ones and simply identify as Arabic and muslim rather than Flemish or Irish are still not assimilated members of a cultural colony, despite their deep integration with society.
During the 15 minute break in the middle of the show a girl comes out, carrying a "briefcase" or more like a box that looked like a box for medical emergencies, with a defibrillator or something like that
I'd definitely say roses
Italians are called 'Jabari'. That means eating frogs
And what was "the plan" of the Greek people when they kept voting for more government expenses, bureaucracy and large sallaries for 3 decades, desperately trying to cling on to a western-European standard of life without having a western European economy to support it?
And collapse the metro tunnels of M1, 3 and 4 with the extra weight
Arguably mathematics should also be mandatory to prove you know algebra at least
Still back then we were chasing our national reunification with Dobruja and Macedonia
In my observations, most young and educated people do not share that view, and that's who you would meet in Reddit.
also portuguese deadass sounds like polish/russian
Sort of
Done
I think it's easier to say where I would not choose to go - probably most of the African countries, also the countries with active war going on, North Korea and probably the countries from the ex Soviet Union ('cause it's kinda the same sh*t anyway).
Granted that it's not the same thing but I've been to Belgrade a few times and I've never been to New Belgrade
If you're looking for alternatives to Sofia I'd advise veliko turnovo and plovdiv
i've met someone from that region, even though he resides on a greek island.
Hold my yogurt
Though movies are made to over represent some things, for example we make a lot of movies with criminals, mafia and stuff...
Greece is not recovering and growth isn't -3.3%, I have no idea where that figure came from.
I mean, it's okay to talk about politics, religion and salaries.
Wow that's abysmal and depressing
I guess the difference is they know China would swing the hammer if they acted this way
So yeah Finland is better
Don't click, it's better as Batman
I am not sure if they would make strong people this time.
Distinct characteristics are often shared in regions and not countries, so you'd have to choose
Coming from the other side of the iron curtain, I remember my father complaining how before 1989 he war was presented as almost 100% Soviet effort with no mention of things like the North African campaign and the war in the far east
Britain for example and all European countries must not close their eyes and turn into introverts while war is raging at their doorsteps.
This has been discussed 100 times already.
Fiscally Bulgaria is actually in a pretty good spot
If it is true it is indeed extremely bad
Her reign is also shorter than that of King Rama IX of Thailand and Johann II of Liechtenstein
There was actually a big spike in emigration in the early 90s for obvious reasons -- people who were repressed by the communists and others who hated the country left as soon as the could.
I love how you're questioning Greece's ability to preserve a statue under a picture where you can clearly see not one but five statues of its kind perfectly preserved
I don't understand how Romanians always drive like they are in race
These are generally seen as resistance fighters or partizans who fought against Turkish occupation
They are basically riot police.
It is just inconvenience and something that you will have to constantly pay attention to.
In fact if my memory doesn't lie me, Europeans got the knowledge of coal from Chinese.
Ковчег means coffin in modern Bulgarian, but the older meaning can be seen in the diminutive ковчеже (small money chest, mainly seen in pirate movies) and ковчежник (treasurer of an organisation)
And once Brits voted - Leave, crimes based on xenophobia increased 2 or 3 fold, right?
I should not call Italians South Europeans, because South Europeans are lazy and North Italians live in the North Europe.
I think we caught it from you /s
That's what I'm saying with "being proactive".
Everyone hate Sofia too
I hate that place
Why China is on this chart
Trump-the-Clown can appoint anyone he wants for the ambassador to the EU.
People from “the province” (as people in Sofia call them, you can imagine that term is really not popular with non-Sofians) see Sofia equal parts as the shiny castle on the hill, but also the evil stepmom that gets the bulk of the money in the country and pretends anything outside of the Sofia Ring Road doesn’t exist
The system has many problems and adopting many of the American “business first” concepts of healthcare was a stupid idea
)|Sofia University Sveti Kliment Ohridski|
Similar problems in Bulgaria, especially in medicine.
" - sitting on the floor in a lotus position
All I know is Napoleon was some army general from Corsica and that he somehow got in power, improved the army's logistical capabilities and used a lot of fucking canons
That 8C° must be from the weather station at Musala peak (i think it's the only such case on the map), but I've got no idea why it shows 15C° near Sofia (the capital)
I've seen 4 black people in my life.
Can even tell the name of the island - Karpathos.
And of course Thracians
They eat really slow in the evenings and will stay at restaurants until past midnight eating cold food
We and Wallachia did it, and so can you.
The running joke is that they only drive VW Golf, made to be as loud as possible, and enjoy beating each other up on a daily basis
No, seriously
From cyrillic to latin, not from russian to "mir".
I'd love to take some shots with my zenit in a place like that
Interesting and sad that this particular revolution succeed it.
you respond with a totally irrelevant page
You can pick up your child at any time, I think
It's probably because very few people know anything about estonia to have an opinion on it
- closed the link
Must be quite entertaining one!
Really
In other words, painfully unfashionable
You don't have the right to travel because you are a worker, you have the right to spend the money you were compensated for by giving your expertise and time for whatever you wish
Even if there was it would still be less risky than staying in America and possibly getting shot.
It's definitely an interesting language and has the added benefit of being useful as well
Mathematics, languages, science, some arts
To the Netherlands where I now live
He keeps telling pointless shit to the news and keeps saying bullshit when visiting another countries, also last year he screwed pretty badly the New Year Presidential speech.
You could check out the St George rotund Church if you're interested in your own Greek history
Either way, it loses something and I think translations for games are spoiling people in a way
* Dragoslav(a)
I have had quite some time spent on EU4
Right, so when we take over the continent, no one will ever be able to take it back.
The schools that I have studied at and am currently studying do, however I personally don't use them as the the breaks between classes aren't very long and there isn't enough time to do anything else but grab your books if you use the locker
That's the Bulgarian language part
But we 40-year olds have to take care of so many things (children, old parents, etc, expenses) that we are just happy to have some stability (and not having banks fail)
The night jets from Vienna are a big hit too, last time I checked
They are also much more spread out, unlike the Russian ones with are mostly concentrated in specific areas.
What's even funnier is that it actually passed - there are some old match boxes that were used by soldiers with the words 'Български пали-дръвца' [bulgarski pali-druvtza] or *Bulgarian burn-stick'°°°.
Out of curiosity, how many of you actually buy lootboxes
They indeed are tall, many are blond, they care of themselves, but i wouldn't describe them as nice.
If we're not part of the EU, we will be probably part of some Russian lead form of quasi union.
Sweden and Germany are mostly affected by a couple generations of cultural relativism, anti-nativism, "white guilt" and a conserted erosion of the idea of ethnic nationhood by the left.
[Chelsea] logo always looks noble to me
People getting fired or thrown in jail for criticising Erdogan or saying they'll vote "no" in the referendum?
weapons
Huh, there more boats and yachts than houses!
Yet another case for an European army.
hah, I guess Europe already knows them pretty well.
We have a lot more appealing poets than him in my opinion, like Vaptsarov
Russian
Yeah, I know
Seriously, we're talking about politics, obviously it has to do with what the people want, how they see their life and what their values are
Looks good to me, the Photoshop experts can complain but my untrained eye likes this
I personally think Nazi and communist glorifing regime shit should be censored
There are many stories of samodivas attacking people in the 70s and the 80s. The video distorts the legend a little - the men taken by the samodivas are not tortured to death, but they forget to eat or sleep so they die of exhaustion
That tends to happen when you are under interenational embargo, and the only source of funds are from Turkey.
The Parliament won't be dissolved, you see - because the people want change, so this discredited Parliament and this discredited government will discuss the project for the new Constitution by the end of their term, so we have that one in the bag now too
I'm sure Western governments would love to do the  same things as China but let's face it if they tried everyone would criticise it as neocolonialism
My flair
Some people still do that, mostly in rural areas, but its getting rarer and rarer
But in short - no, it doesn't feel the same.
We love you guys now, but we're keeping an eye on you just in case :P
Haven't used any color enhancers or photo editors.
It will take a few more years for the wealth difference to disappear.
Even if you don't catch it early, you are bound to get a suspicious looking dead guy eventually.
(Erasmus game)
However, Scottish independence has serious momentum, and is a serious consideration for them
rip bulgarian press freedom
LOL...you're being sarcastic, right?
Slavic languages are notoriously high in mutual intelligibility, so I would say to a large degree
Haven't met more than 10, but Icelanders are really awesome.
Lmao sorry North Macedonia idk what came over me
The point is that sharing is irrelevant if people are not willing to have a discussion, not that someone actually gives a fuck about internet points.
Trump is a wizard
That's rookie numbers, my backpack was over 6kg when I was 8
Khan Krum: defeated the romans and actually managed to kill the first roman emperor
Burkini producers are popping the
They've somewhat recovered and birthrates are growing.
This is likely the Fork version of the map
Can only imagine the level of education in Norway if people there would rather study in a 3rd world country like the US rather than Norway
Don't know why is this political jib-jab in the comments.
" without even taking a second to consider that hagelslag is not very popular *at all* outside of the Netherlands
But mostly young people follow that trend.
Plus imports declined more so the trade deficit actually got better.
That's fine hahaha, our flags are pretty similar
A [customs union between the EU and Turkey] already exists.
Pretty good bbq as well tbh
I agree, I said the same thing here:
So because they censor sexuality we should demand they also censor political opinions?
It's treason then
I specifically avoid saying "decriminalisation", because that mean that means that the powers that be decided something was no longer a crime
As a new student in my city this was very helpful
Well, if they managed to reach 12th grade, you'd expect them to at least be literate
[Garash cake] and its walnut deliciousness
They first learn to write, than read
Liquids, i tried Eleaf, Hexocell and a french one forgot the name.
It's from Peyo Yavorov's poem- Two beautiful eyes
That's purely hypothetical, but I've noticed overweight women are also more likely to be older.
I remember constantly playing a PC game about them when I was a kid
Human Rights is a concept, not a physical entity.
Not rent, no
For comparison, English is from kindergarten and and in eight grade we got ten hours a week.
There are a few good European beers in the states.
Bulgarian:
That's good now we should impose our closed borders politics
Nothing more to add
The third highest debt was Portugal IIRC.
Still, as part of the carrier group and as their name suggest, these ships are supposed to destroy targets not taking hits from the enemy.
GERB is definitely not pro NATO or EU, they just play it that way.
Before the conscription in our country was used to break the individual and to turn it into frightened and obeying zombie, while conscripts were beaten and basically tortured, while the officers were idiots with the lowest possible IQ.
The mountains are fine, although you need a car to get there, preferable during weekdays (less people).
In other cases i'v done the wrong choice and i face the consequences.
From my limited view both sides would like that to happen, but y'know
Just wanted to share
In the winter they get so covered in snow and garbage that no person or car can come close to them until April.
Haha...in fact i do use my real name.
Unpaid internships are not illegal but extremely rare
Not beating, but a slap would be okay
(we produce or used to produce a lot of weaponry)
Protip: Can be used as a substitute of suits in your most important life events like weddings and shit.
Because Serbia has ridiculously new and quality infrastructure her EU members don't have
To be fair, they were **a** laughing stock with the whole r/The_Donald thing, just like Donald was a laughing stock to the entire planet (since forever).
I'm a subway boi
What scares me the most for the future is that they will still have nuclear weapons.
* Svetlomir(a)
Already 30 degrees every day in my city, make it 40 next month, good luck
At PPP it's lower, at about 39k, but I agree that it's not very relevant.
You are scary
maybe because he had a penchant for stabbing "allies" in the back
I feel like it was all created to somehow reflect commons stereotypes, somewhat cartoonish, than a factual research.
And I was worrying that my grandparents are burning their plastics trash
It's kinda stupid that information about the emergency European number starts off by telling us what the US emergency number is, no
They also propose to change the format of the bac to be more aligned with the rest of Europe
If it's windy the view will be better.
After all, to prepare all that one will need a heat source, no matter electrical or gas.
Sofia (the city I live in) is 550 meters above sea level and it's the third highest European capital after Madrid and Andorra la Vella
Libertarianism + African culture?
I just love British weather maps
Unfortunately Bozhidar_Madzharov doesn't give a damn if somebody on reddit likes him or hates him.
American delusions have no limits.
Lukoshenko is a fascist dictator
He's crushed
If alcohol cigarettes and caffeine are legal, so should weed
Once people finish high school they move to Sofia and the other 2-3 big cities in Bulgaria or abroad for university/ work
For example, Georgi Pirinski was a candidate for president in 1996, until the Constitutional court ruled him ineligible, because at the time (1948) those born abroad were Bulgarian citizens by birth either if both of their parents were Bulgarian citizens or they did not gain another citizenship by birth
It is basically surrounded by mountains.
I really don't know what the outcome of all that brinkmanship will be, but i know for sure that it takes 20 to 30 years for a country to build up competitive economy which can support reasonable living standards.
What about other countries mentioned in the map?
He is the face of the state mafia and the country is going straight to a shit hole because of it
Don't actually know what Bulgaria did to be fair
Do I get the right to a weekend at the Bahamas because I work 40 hours a week
Cons: Low wages, corruption and the streets are awful
It is very much what the average voter perceives it to be, and currently voters perceive it to be a corrupt lobbyist machine, incapable of solving any real issues
And no, it's not up to me to prove to you it's not Russia, it's up to you to prove it's Russians, and precisely in the way you stated.
Closing your eyes won't change that
Earth - Земя - Zemya/Zemq (feminine)
As an adult, I’m happy I’m very close with my grandparents etc
[One million seems to be an enormous exaggeration]
Erdogan is right on this, the way so many EU politicians actively try to damage relations is dangerous and undermines US-EU ties
Why would we
In other words, turkish or any other minority is not officially recognized by the authorities.
The secret to getting Finns to talk to you is to meet them in a sauna
And I would support prosecuting all involved and Geshev should resign in this case
Reform of employment tribunals
> "just achieve utopia bro"
Peaceful protests are boring and that's the truth
Maybe you should imitate them more!
The right to make unauthorized copies of copyrighted works for personal use.
What do YOU think, do we cause (also - our neighbour Romanians) troubles where we go?
Obviously a good thing, but it seems different to other countries in the region
We basically had shut down all our industrial production because we lost the East European markets in the 90s.
I really don't think this is unique to my company either
Unless you somehow imagine that the Nazi occupation was lawful, it is ridiculous to attempt to use normal laws to defend the occupiers.
You can't tell me with a straight face that me talking about falling mathematics scores and entry requirements is the same as someone talking about increasing or more accurately implementing fees
You think thousands of people getting purged every month is a sign of a stable society?
It has no history or influence over here.
And rice should fall under "cereal".
Instructions on a shampoo bottle
Both Bulgaria and Greece have closed their land borders with Turkey.
Yeah
I feel so proud of my country right now
There is definitely not the atmosphere or fear or on the brink of panic that we might have to make a dash for a bomb shelter if someone publicly says the wrong thing.
As far as I know, this is a macro for apostrophizing vowels in all UK-based keyboards, including the Danish one
The late 30s sound like a swell time :)
Yes, you have copied every single argument that we've been hearing in every big media since the '07/'08 crisis, and we've been applying it, result ? It failed
Why would he be wary of Muslims?
Probably more than one meter, but in recent years seems to be less.
Serbians do have positive feelings about Chinese
One could have stayed inside for few days, limit going outside.
Well, the Balkans would either start fighting on the table, as we usually do, or get drunk with rakija or something and start dancing traditional dances to folk music
So much potential and in the end barely higher standard of living than Romania.
It is not far north not even in the middle.
It's ok if he doesn't like the city but he shouldn't have been an ass about it.
All languages can be written in all alphabets, for example:
No offense but it's easy for you to say that being Canadian.
Still want to learn it to this day
Are finns actually dropping swedish language as second official in their country?
This is surprising
Huh haven't seen Bulgaria here yet
> that French history is already so rich and complex that we just don’t have time to study the History of countries
Because it was promised by the EU in return for stopping refugees.
There are quite a few of them in Bulgaria, at least 4-5 in Sofia
I don't know how much of it was fiction but I remember reading about Stalin and Churchill quite literally dividing the Balkan states among the west and the east on a piece of napkin; one would write up the names they wanted and the other would correct, if necessary
Bulgaria always the strongest
Or as how someone French would pronounce that second g.
Yeah, it was embarrassingly expensive
Like give me a link to the specific document
He doesn't do euphemisms or metaphors really, but his base always claims he is "just joking" even though the only time I saw a genuine laugh out of that man was when someone called Hillary a dog or whatever it was, lol
The thing is, nationalism in western Europe includes anti-EE sentiment, while nationalistic parties in here don't demonize other europeans.
Cologne is unnnatural to me (I didn't even know Cologne and Koln were the same until a year ago), and I don't have a way of adding umlaut on my keyboard
There's a bar in Brooklyn that has these.
I wouldn't say I identify with my city/region that much as I have moved a few times and like all places equally
Can you PM me if you ever think of moving to Bulgaria so I can move out
Nah I think it's [this]
what's weird is that it's so funny but it also makes sense
Not to mention the pollution in some of the bigger cities
The Yellow vest supposed(as said by the BBC) demand to decrease entry requirements is backwards
Russian
I know its a meme by now but i also think Estonia has more to do with the nordic culture even if it was under soviet rule and now is not as rich as the other ones.
And i'm not joking, basically everyone i know who isn't bound to an office job or a girlfriend is gone
Yemen is the best example of how media agenda can make a war important or irrelevant.
I literally don't know of any academic who claims that online voting is secure outside of laboratory conditions where all participants are security experts, so it might actually be unanimous.
That guy will be a hero for jihadists even if he gets captured.
These look like pointy nipples
I mean
Let me tell you it's totally different
* the name can’t be spelled in weird ways - it can’t contain numbers, weird letter clusters etc
I love rebuilding them after WW2.
You are giving yourself too much credit here.
We surprise in certain categories.
Unlike pretty much every major city on Europe, Sofia doesn't have a major river
It would also be something to improve on the feature phones from the last 10 years.
Admittedly the only connection between them might be my dislike of them and being right-wing.
yes this is very sad moment in europe and world cultural history
Another thing is that Bulgar might not refer to monolithic culture/ethnicity but to a wide tribal alliance.
While in Eastern Bulgaria, we think the Westerners are those who can't speak
China  - we call it Kitai (Китай)
I dont really follow Dutch politics and I'm curious.
So, if women voting and minorities voting and all that is a prerequisite for a democracy, how old is the oldest major democratic state in the world?
Good luck with that
More efficient/productive - more money.
We had beautiful nature but we are destroying it fast, We had great education but we dont have it anymore .But at least we have 1300 years of history at least so we can remember about the lost Bulgaria
Also you Arch-thingy, the french one is much better you copy-cats.
Gör Sverige lagom igen
I really hope they improve on these things in next year, because we could have much better tourism than now
All the non-EA9 countries, except Croatia, are below the average for EA19.
Sure, they can Google you no one will find out, that way they can be at an ease that you are not some psychopath and it should stay only with them this info, but bringing it up, that is what I am talking about bluntness and pure stupidity
This is the one most appalling habit of some Western European countries
Has everybody lost their minds
He might be -far right on other issues but on gun laws he is completely liberal, and that's what we are discussing here.
There were different forms of this amulet - from a simple bracelet, tied on the wrist, to fluffy pendants and human figures of a man and a woman (Pizho and Penda), worn in different ways depending on the sex and the marital status of the person.
Nice meme
Macron sure grabbed him
Belarus has been giving Russia the cold shoulder since 2014.
Shot must've been taken in the summer.
Thank you to all the western Europeans that founded the EU keeping peace on the continent and which will eventually turn all of Europe into a great place to live
People from the Rhodopes speak in a very ancient dialect that is almost unintelligible to the rest of us, while people from Pirin Macedonia speak in the same dialect used by North Macedonia
How clenched must have been the ass of the captain at that moment
* Tsvetelin(a)
Very haunting
That's meant to be like a thank you :P just sounds more severe, but I guess that's typical for our people
Of course, most teachers in most schools don't bother making kids learn the countries and capitals in Africa or Oceania for example (Bulgaria is poor, our teachers are paid low wages), but in Europe
The first prince Batenberg was an Austrian with familial ties to Alexander II of Russia, the second prince and later Tsar was also an Austrian noble
There's also [Nicopolis ad Istrum] which has this cool tidbit about it:
I thought glorious Nordics are supposed to be the shining beacon of civilization.
На майка си в гъзо/На майка си в путката - In its mother's ass/pussy
like osman oktay said they will do anything to spark riots as excuse to lock everyone, shut down the country, no protest
So it only makes sense for the true cream of the crop, where we're talking 6 figures a year(not so much for the money but rather to feed their ego).
I'm from Bulgaria and combined with the pro-Russia, anti EU sentiment some paid outlets harbour, there's the issue with our seaside basically being sold off to Russians
I'm confused
At the least we are entitled to an opinion on the war that has caused it.
We mostly don't use the "I" part of "I'm". For example, if someone were to ask me "What are you doing", they'd mostly phrase it as (literal translation) "What are doing", but with a different form of "doing" so that I know it's related to me
They were thoroughly slavicized after the establishment of Bulgaria and moulded into the Bulgarian people, who are basically Thracians by origin/blood, Slavic by language and Bulgar by identity.
Yes, or a picture of my Grandma if i wanted to be a pathetic bore.
I blame the similarity of the words.
The only other non-folklore song I can think of that may come close to that is [Edna balgarska roza] by Pasha Hristova (A Bulgarian rose)
Yep
The most the Balkans states do to each other these days is shit-talk
They didn't listen and continued еxcavations
I am not sure where the name actually comes from -- it's located in the Rhodope mountains, so it's possible there was some gold there long ago -- it's a fairly old town :)
One has a population of around 130 million while the other has more than 1 billion, one is a island the size of Germany, the other is the third biggest county in the world.
Though, I don't think Russia would ever invade a NATO country
The lyrics talk about [Rayna Knyaginya] an almost mythological figure from the late 19th century, a revolutional who sewed the flag that says “Liberty or death” for the April Uprising
Yeah, places like the Cotswolds are really beautiful, more so than London even
I mean, to a point I agree with you, but the entire point of a party is to say "Everyone in this group of people will push the following issues, vote for us if you're interested
Bulgarian Parliament
We were in London and decided to go to a musical/play in one of the theaters
Didn't expect to be able to see Bulgaria and Romania at all.
Ottoman empire
The english might shit on America when they are talking between themselves but in here they are defending them as if people are talking about the UK and not the States.
5% now but culture remains very heavily influenced
5 % of revenue and it's main source of taxation remains in the new law, so no real change will be seen
I've watched Scandinavian comedy once.
Радвам се да гледам и чета сърбин и хърватин да си говорят и да се разбират!!! Браво братя!
For example in [Shumen] there is a main street whose numbers start at the end of the city and grow larger towards the centre, which is opposite of the standard numbering scheme
Not my fault, I found the template online and simply Bulgarized it.
Which has had something like a few hundred posts evoking empathy about the tragedy of Greece's austerity in the past few years, as if a rich country becoming less rich is a disaster of some sort.
Possibly Volen Siderov - he's the leader of a far-right party (ATAKA) who's agenda is very hate-based, and his hobbies include getting into fights with university students
True
Otherwise the deed wouldn't be done, duh.
Do you seriously believe that Greece can pay 177% of GDP debt in 20 years time?
I don't see how Russia with 7% of the EU economy and in the midst of a crisis could outspend the EU.
For example, look at Ireland, which had half the GDP/capita of the UK back then, and is way ahead now.
If in the English vocabulary the largest linguistic group was Romance, of course it would be called a romance language.
I am fairly certain that the guy depicted by this statue was a quite fierce catholic.
Take the market away from the criminals who are currently selling it and put that tax money in the EU coffers for public use
Every single time someone asks (says
Again, it doesn't matter what your opinion on immigrants is
We don’t want this , most of the Uk doesn’t want this
Oh and to add to Dutch/Bulgarian differences, I'm having difficulty matching the eating speed of Bulgarians
1% deserve their wealth because they contribute to society so much more than everyone else
They would have been at least orange
I volunteered for the party mainly before the campaign and the energy i saw from young people who are fed up and just want to live in a non corrupt western values society is really stunning.
France needs competitive universities
No idea how that difference in accents happens
I'm throwing my vote for "New Republic", don't know if they'll get in, but I don't see it as a win-lose game.
You are completely wrong, the vast majority of cars are over 15 years old, and those are official stats I can't link now because I'm on mobile
Try the Rhodopes if you're into nature hiking and stuff, it's fantastic
You guys deserve all the support you can get.
I hope there would be at least 50+ people on Sunday.
Search for yourself if you don't believe me - this ranking has been posted many times
But when out battalions reached the front line we pushed them back until we reached Nis.
Comments here give the impression that PiS is a party made up of a bunch of triple-Hitlers that eat babies for breakfast and shoot gay people for sport in the afternoon before torching some immigrants
Closest thing we have to a ruler is a Prime-Minister on the 20 leva
Not being afraid to fuck up and asking for help when you need it is a sure way to get better at it
Italian  My mom is a huge Adriano Celentano fan so I grew up listening to Italian music
Some rooms didn't have enough desks for all of us
Same
I think they had even started organizing festivals around it
The suit is great, Trump is just too fat
His platform is more of caring about our country's interests and not being a pawn the us or russia.
ITT: DAE People saying cultural appropriation bad
It's a miserable, hot and dry summer down there (and by "down there" I mean both "low" and "South").
Istanbul - I miss Istanbul - the people, the little streets, the feeling to be lost in the crowd, the food
It's the main commercial street
A lot of people have either been in Bulgaria or know someone that has
[And here comes our Granny Marta] Overall, she is a nice old lady and brings the spring with her, but sometimes has sharp mood changes - she frowns and she smiles, and thus changes of weather in March are explained :)
As a new student in my city this was very helpful
But they're not which shows their hypocrisy and how they don't really stand for the things they say they stand for
Then I propose we declare the French language hate speech, as it seems to be the deciding factor
There are numerous vesteges of our former totalitarian aparatus that merely transformed using modern, western-european terms such as "commission against discrimination" etc.
I mean, it makes it even more amazing to have that approval rating.
Time will come when the Western part of europe will start to understand the Eastern part of Europe :/
This was a game we used to play on one of my Erasmus exchanges
The way I see it its an exchange agreement: No visa for US citizens in EU == No visas for EU citizens in USA.
IDK if Russia counts as European here, but for me it was fear of prosecution
It was invented in the USA by an American, who had Bulgarian father
It was the country with so many opt-outs and such big pretensions that it was clear they do not belong to the political project called EU.
I honestly don't know
[This] is the best thing I could find not in bulgarian, that summarises what happened.
One of the best subbredits
You are the only one with limited worldview.
The vast majority is on our own history between 681 to 1945.
Maybe a page of the history book and 10 minutes of a lesson would be dedicated to it
Dobrudzha has seen worse and Trakiya is always warm, so even if the early harvest fails, Trakiya will pick up the slack
It is if you go there at night and are on foot, you shouldn't have any problem if you are with a car
So, let's see about the terminology:
I am trying - Flowers of Europe.
Most of the soldiers inside were 18-20 year olds in for their mandatory military service - it was still a thing
Meh, never really gets outrageously cold.
From cyrillic to latin, not from russian to "mir".
It is still our history
After all, the European countries should talk with him what's going to happen.
So of course it was a "slavic language", that's what this classification of languages means.
It is because tax evasion throughout the EU done by the citizens.
Seriously, most of the people are actually 20-25 yr old, so they have been living in the EU most of their conscious life
Or are the Kiev Rus a separate entity altogether
As soon as something happens that reduces agricultural output (like crop failure or trade disruptions that cause food to rot before it could reach its destination) we'd have people starving
From Bulgaria it has to be [Dimitar Dimov] #q=dimitar%20dimov).
Basically all of our candidate presidents suck.
I posted a link to the page where you can find more photos in a comment a bit higher in the thread
It's actually a huge pain in the ass for builders in my city - if you want to build anything in the city center there's a big possibility that you'll dig up some roman ruins and it'll delay construction time for a couple of years
I wouldn't say that my choice of Uni was due to the local ones being corrupt
If I have to categorise Greece I would put them as Mediterraneans
Because you love your family, does it mean you hate all other families?
I am against such a tax because it will actually leave poor people, who are living month for month, a privilege that they will probably not be able to take advantage of(because they are poor I fail to see how the smallest expense in a holiday will help them afford said holiday or even time off) and in the end leave them worse of
Funny thing is because Sweden has the loose definition of rape that they have it's actually impossible to compare them to other countries
It will improve local connections
This is the first time I have seen or heard about it
I would highly recommend studying and living here
I am voting for the person and you are voting for the party , who is actually more biased?
It's entirely possible to develop one but it depends more on the person because the substance isn't inherently addictive
After all it's just business LOL.
In Bulgaria, it’s probably Plovdiv and Varna, the 2nd and 3rd biggest cities
If you get pulled over by the cops and there are 4 people in the car and only 3 open drinks
If I live, I will fuck them, if I die, they will fart on my dick
Without it the language is just a communication code
* Yoan(a)
I think especially northern Greece have more Balkan vibes but the south is more Mediterranean to me
Rain and clouds most of the time is bad weather true, but you cannot compare this to typhoons man.
Correct me if I'm wrong
It's currently criminalised here which leads to teenagers and young people having their lives destroyed by like a gram, because police are more concerned with a 17 year old trying to unwind than actual harmful things going on
That is because it would be highly inefficient to wait each year until taxes are collected and only then make orders for public works and plan spending in accordance.
Urban transport
In this case, it's not even fourth grade, nobody actually says "Po dyavolite" in real life
We made it boys
You can be proud of the Roman republic or empire, while not being proud of the genocide that Caesar performed on the Gauls or not being proud by the slavery
But I come with a fantastic suggestion for all Eastern (and some Central) European countries: "Not Russia".
When a fire broke out in Nicolae's building 12 years ago, the state housing authority declared the property unsafe and refused to renew rental contracts but tolerated the families staying there.
Maybe you see so few of these in Europe because of the different plumbing
Look at me , that's my car now!
Oh happy day from one union to another
Nah fuck that, looking at your comment history you are simply a moron.
You just need to have a strong gut to work this kind of job
Do you really think anyone would give a shit about Georgia if it meant a world war
Didn't know Americans love Iceland so much
We packed our stuff and left country as fast at was possible
"They can take our tendons but they can't take away our freedom"
I don't think a survey that shows Greeks as wealthier than Germans is very accurate.
Combine that with the persistent dislike(probably the weakest word I can use for that) of eastern europeans, and you get some rather angry people.
Only one and it is the ring road around the coast
And it impacts her too because the right to abortion is for all women, no matter their sexual orientation
It's worse in smaller towns, I think
Gibraltar is not self-sufficient for basics like food, water and power supply i think.
He's pledged money for schools already way before the protests, it's not possible to do this overnight you know
He still works hard every day
The Netherlands doesn't, but they have huge docks that allow for efficient trade
Most of these political parties actually take loans from Russian banks with very low interest rates.
I meant it more in the way that the Arab cold war is roughly Iran vs Saudi, both with external backing.
-_- How can't i be - i hold right wing views, i *must* be a Russian puppet, that's what liberal media told me...
Just Yugoslavia
He uses good arguments on why any revolution of the people follows a strong leader race where only the worst can win, making all forms of communism or more precise all governments saying communism soon^tm to be a dead end
imo they should just be moved somewhere
So it think that the period 1944 - 1989 is full of such betrayals
Italy looks like a boot kicking a ball
Bright side - our next elections are in March 2021
Those are completely irrelevant statements to my original comment that you can technically be both a terrorist and a freedom fighter if your goal is to give a nation its own sovereign state by using terrorism for it.
yikes
You already pay for that free access if we're talking about the wheelchairs
Go live in a cave like a hermit, otherwise you are a endorsing globalism with your use of technology.
He is not wrong in saying that.
It would be nice if we had the full range of answers for every country.
No wealth ever needs or is moral to be forcefully redistributed through state violence.
It's an honour
Only reason I don't watch the other YouTubers is because they are pretty immature and make stupid and unfunny jokes
Bulgarian MEPs:
The alcoholic drinks we share with the rest of the Balkans - the rakia, the wine etc
Edit: 2 leva \~ 1 euro
I spent most of 2019 living in Germany and Austria
Portugal cannot into Eastern Europe then
Look at any post he has ever made.
I've eaten a lot of animals, but I just can't harm an animal.
Hooooly shit
Africa will quadruple its population this century to 4 billion people in 2100, at the same time as experiencing the world's worst soil degradation process of its most fertile lands, as well as the worst effects of climate change.
Instructions on a shampoo bottle
Yeah European farmers went bankrupt but mighty Russia!
Something about female equality I think
[Zheravna]
Tsar Boris: this guy got us Christianity, which some current Bulgarians are happy about, but he also got us the caesar title (that's where tsar comes from, Russia take note)
Russians still live with the thought of the Second World War!
Isnt the Royal form of Mann
The very, very small-scale farmers living in deeply rural areas and engagin in subsitence farming are definitely "peasants".
they used to before Brexit
You might feel safe when trucks steamroll through pedestrians, but ordinary, normal people don't. Some people say liberalism is a disease and honestly, at this point I agree
Good news, homeopathy is a scam.
He honestly didn't seem as bad as I thought he was but we'll see.
ruled as a islamic country, when they could go secular, join EU, etc.
Had exactly the same experience during Sofia Earthquake back in 2012, thought intruders broke in trying to steal my bed lol
In Bulgaria, no doubt [Vasil Levski] is considered the greatest man, he was a revolutionary fighting against the Ottoman rule in the 19th century
Also, who doesn't like to have another sea where to go sunbathing and chilling
> But all this time from 1938 to 1939, until the very beginning of the  war, the USSR called on European countries to unite and prevent a  possibility of war
I do remember reading that inequality has increased in recent years but that doesn't mean that the majority of the population isn't living better.
Just the sheer fact that their languages has 18 CASES is enough to drive crazy any foreigner, foolish enough to try and learn the language
lol
Way too much traffic and public transport is almost non-existent
You can also see this in your conclusion
Oh :(
I would consider the election result invalid if secrecy is compromised in any way.
There is one that is marked by sounding all the emergency sirens in the country for two minutes at noon on the 2nd of June
Let's get the good out of the way: it's not *that* right-wing.
Do not ask about south and north.
Though my favourite through history is probably [this] It would look weird right now though, since it's similar to some Nordic and UK flags (having a cross and all) and the colours are the same as (North) Macedonia's.
And that, kids, is the power of alcohol and people in large groups.
On the contrary i think Trump-Putin love will be short and divorce will be loud and messy - that what scares me.
ban travel to Turkey for tourists
I don't think all these things are as comparable to each other as you make it seem
Jajajaja, lo se, por eso me reí tanto
Is Belgium particularly bad for driving, or are our statistics not that bad?
As a Bulgarian I feel pretty embarrassed by our role in this one
It's one of the few truly great things Bulgarian, I ain't about to just let it pass and be falsely known as someone else's. Toxic nationalism is bad, but this is not the case here
I would say that thats certainly a lot less than the euromaidan
If you have seen my posts on r/europe you would have known that assaulting tourists and Britons is actually not part of my existence.
By the way, I've read a funny story, that was claimed to be true and that happened couple of decades ago.
I don't know how many times I have answered this question
Unless I am trying a specific achievement I usually end up playing with Sweden, one of the Germanic princes (if in the north I go for Prussia of course), Japan or Ethiopia
Still against UN resolutions and still doesn't excuse them.
I want an economic reason
Budapeshta
Moreso, a foreign ambassador (Turkish again) was campaigning in favor for the same party.
I personally do not believe it'll be everlasting love.
* [Rila Monastery] \- a 10th century monastery that is also the largest one in the country and named after the patron saint of the Bulgarian nation;
Lmao clown, fix your system if some fuckers are abusing it.
Ah, the toddlers these days
I think your attempt failed so not that it's too soon - just not funny
Also, it can sound hard and soft at the same time and I find it cool
but for some reason I don't. Most of the other slavic languages are the opposite for me - they may be easier to understand but they sound very different
And this is not an article about Brexit, haven't you noticed.
I think all countries in the Black Sea region are on alert to start modernizing their armed forces as soon as possible.
12 years ago, lots of Moscow fertility clinics websites had pages for their lesbian clients
As a kid it always felt like a bit of a chore, and questioned why we had to do it all the time
] Don't know how he even got there, but everybody made fun of his English and overall incompetence
I want an economic reason
Rakia in case I get sick, need to clean something or want to get piss drunk
A Bulgarian volleyball club signed a contract with female Iranian player.
They may find her very attractive with her asian features though.
I was just trying to make a point that because of an unrelated set of political reasons we also chose to hate on Russian culture and nature.
By the way Brexit will put pressure on your healthcare system, cause all these elderly people living abroad will have to get medical treatment in Britain, unless your government don't make a deal with EU, which will be a bit difficult.
So you friend gets the money back immediately
Because they were latinized
I agree students should learn what interests them Our current system uses technical and professional high schools but still have to learn all mandatory subjects
I'd say Plovdiv
"Be careful on the road
No, you cannot criticize Sweden's immigration
Like all concepts no single person has a greater right to defnite it than another.
Will Mekel join Gazprom when she retires
No offense to any Americans, but the stuff they call yoghurt makes me want to cry
It's not like we're using all that free space anyway - demographic crisis and all
she is more of a teenage girl idol btw
There is a very big difference.
People who buy the media are the people with most money, and those are not always the local oligarchs.
Also in the new Europe according to the Swiss map you're tagged as "car factories"!
Netherlands - thank you for the education, much more in life than in knowledge
The Bulgarian education system is an absolute joke
I love it
Most of the time we celebrate name days more than our birthdays
Tom Hanks did a decent job in [Terminal]
If you check, you'll find out there are more Karpathians in New Jersey than in Karpathos alone.
Also no sea
Cons: Very incompetent politicians, Corruption, Extremely low wages, high taxes, a lot of iliterate people who can be very aggressive, Not a lot of historical places and such(because during our 500 year long ottoman rule we were slaughtered our houses burned etc
That would be Louis XIV, who sat on the throne for 72 years
But I'm gonna make sure I spread the word about it till September
They exploit the brand to sell shit.
Since I started before the entire Brexit fiasco I'm eligible for a student loan from the UK government
And yes, /u/iDontLikeSvensken is completely right - European army asap, find a way to kick out the UK if needed(considering they haven't triggered article 50, that can be considered undemocratic so here's a good and legal reason to do it).
I'd say you need a minimum of a year or two of very active studying and immersion
Demographically as well as resources you would be - dwarfs.
Who complained about he Turkey deal?
Disentangling all those conflicts and interventions would be mighty undertaking though.
Technically the world already knows the EU is great for trade, leavers have made their case that they would do better outside of the EU where they're free to make free trade deals with the rest of the world as best as they can.
From all the posts, that might be the first one I don't know.
There is really no other outcome if you collapse both government structure and economy at the same time.
Plain and simple, it is obvious the system allows for corrupt politicans to exist
Largely thanks to all the Turks that were forced to vacate it during the Russo-Turkish war
After two years of secret digging, the army suddenly canceled the project and poured tonnes of concrete in the hole to seal it and the plot of land where the hole is, is now government property
So dark blue- full speed Europe, blue- second class Europe, light blue- third world countries?
(*Very* rare exceptions
Hell yeah
[The UK has already lost more money from Brexit than its cumulative multi-decade EU contributions  ] and the whole thing has barely even started
doesn't work very well when you have a different alphabet
You see their brand on a lot of elevators and escalators in public places
We pickle cornichons here, but they are not the large cucumbers we call
It's literally "to hell with it". We have plenty of others with more oomph in them
It makes up 40% of our country's GDP, but our GDP is really pathethic compared to the rest of the EU
Oh no, the man who has systematically been destroying every single good thing in the country over the past decade and even more is wearing his mask wrong
For the most part I can recognize ethnic groups, nationalities is quite different
But i do see Hungarians in the Pannonian Basin 1200 years after they moved there.
The only power he has is to talk shit on TV.
It's not a coincidence that almost [all of the comments] on his songs are in Bulgarian :D In fact i went to his concert in Sofia last week!
And in fact half the message is about the US
GARAGARDOA
German growth to be significantly higher in the fourth-quarter: Bundesbank
Have you ever had an interracial / "international" relationship?
Is once again what every single political side says.
It couldn't remove Russia's second strike capability because of its nuclear subs that could strike from anywhere.
Tell him that virtually everything he hears is sarcasm/has the opposite meaning
The big problem was letting any immigrants near the EU and supporting the "moderate" rebels in Syria.
" by a man checking my passport
Ofcourse they wouldnt give UK a deal, there is no reason to
Are you sure for Greece
They don't even have any interest in that.
You'd be surprised to find anything other than a crew cut or a buzz cut here tbh
80 - 90% - Most Bulgarians can understand Macedonian perfectly but there are some words that are just different, or have a completely different meaning in Bulgarian, so that's where I get confused
Well I'm glad at least one country is going against the trend and increasing rights for its citizens.
The ones who think human mutilation for religious purposes is wrong.
Not in the [13th century] it certainly wasn't, and yet still much larger than shown here.
People keep repeating that dumb shit and I fail to see it.
It seems to boy got in a fight in school so the grandma advised him in a rather loud voice: "Next time just kick them in the balls and run away". I had a "coughing fit" at hearing this
You can tell where the Internet propaganda machine has had succes
Inflation was already at 4
With any luck winter will be totally gone in a few years
For us Finland is saunas and Simo
And Bulgaria
Bjørk
The real exit is actually at the end of the transition period which ends on 31
How can people believe this
They struggled more than the others, of course, but they definitely caught up way faster than is normal
>One of my favorite foods though are dolmas, which are Greek I think
Well, as far as my anecdotal experience with some of the other Slavic languages goes, this chart does look pretty spot on.
So how come they don't "nomad themsleves" out of our lands if we are so incredibly mean to them?
Most people, locals and foreigners, are very shocked by this
Bulgaria Nina Dobrev, girl from the Vampire Diaries.
Reuters: Saudi king agrees in call with Trump to support Syria, Yemen safe zones
Same here
The only peaceful way to end such a regime is by somehow convincing the majority of people to strike
Granted that it's not the same thing but I've been to Belgrade a few times and I've never been to New Belgrade
That was a reference to the bonus that Porsche decided to give to **each** employee for their bets year ever.
To the contrary, the ones who do that are neoliberal, without exception.
Only the "untrustworthy, oligarch-owned media that aims to totally discredit our glorious government and the wonderful progress of Bulgaria" talk about this placement
Some countries like the Nordic ones, have reduced using of cash, payments are cashless.
Oh God, people becoming free to exchange goods without the meddling and theft of state bureaucracies....how dreadful.
Even though it doesn't mean he'll have majority in the parliament.
A true European
If he can achieve that, it'll make him even more popular.
I would visit them all
Juxtaposition with that building there on the picture is just perfect
A formal invitation was issued by the alliance on 2 December 2015, with accession negotiations concluded with the signature of an accession protocol in May 2016.
We should have this in BG in about 100 years.
Yes because what ever Merkel says Boyko will follow, also Macedonia and Serbia because of Macedonia's bullshit
Yikes
I am familiar with american english.
Every English speaker messes up the name of Sofia - they pronounce it like the female name, instead of how we call it - with the stress on the "o".
Non-European cultures must integrate, we have no obligation to be accepting to them.
Tories take credit for EU directive
And there they were selling it themselves
The average income in the capital is almost twice as high as the rest of the country, so life in Sofia is more expensive as well
Your "solution" is only going to make it worse.
Pretty much the same for Bulgaria
After a certain patch I find it pretty exciting to start as some North American tribe and try to fight back those filthy colonisers
"We" shouldn't compensate anyone for anything that we didn't do to him.
Solar highways, sacre blu what a stupid project that was xD
Greek is a fake african language, the real Hellenic people (aka ancient Macedonians) spoke slavic just like modern ones, that's why Alexander the Great was known as Sashe Filipovski.
That's probably true in countries where tax avoidance is low.
In a way the haiduti are the pirates of the Bulgarians and the voivods the captains
The city is located in a hollow between the nearby Vitosha mountain.
Montreal looks like the coolest city in Canada.
Three good examples are a Russian sexologist who has been living in Bulgaria since I can remember myself
But this is excessive even for Trump, the other times he's done this were when he was feeling the heat from truthful accusations.
Prepaeing for university exams in school is impossible unless your school is specialised in what you want to study
>I assume the government uses Bulgaria as a positive example
"Oh, you're using the Russian alphabet!" *triggered*
Come on now, lads, no need to pretend that Eastern Europe is nice but there's also no reason to pretend that you don't know the reason :)
In Bulgaria the black ones are very cheap, so there is no need to do all these shenanigans
Bulgarian at one point had ~50% Ottoman Turkish vocabulary, (can't remember when it started chanign, maybe late 1800s or early 1900s? Too lazy to look it up right now) so there has been a gradual replacement of those terms with Slavic origin words
Pogroms on minorities were worse alone
I am not talking about the Red Cross but large corporations putting money in opening jobs and creating large scale infrastructure.
The martenitsi at the top left corner are so cute
Nothing says communism better then using tanks against your own people
Her reign is also shorter than that of King Rama IX of Thailand and Johann II of Liechtenstein
] (
and few others
° No idea how to write ж with latin letters
Yup - the "provintsiya". The dreaded word describing everything beyond Sofia's Ring Road
He controls the Prime Minister Boyko Borissov, receiving millions of euros in official state and European funding programmes
Did you actually read the article?
r/shittyfoodporn
Only when watching American movies.
They are literally defining the borders of the peninsula
[Sunny Beach, Bulgaria 5 minutes ago.
The male list:
Remember that even if a protest doesn't succeed with its most ambitious  goals it can still change things for the better by forcing the government to tone down some of its unpopular measures or abandon future plans to make things worse
Showing and telling the truth is not allowed.
Which Assassin's Creed
Who knows how Europe and the World would look on the eve of the 22nd century?
At least nothing beyond buying the fuel
It also depends on where in Sofia one lives
I moved from Vancouver to Bulgaria's Black Sea coast 5 years for an adventure.
Most people speak 2 languages
What a time to be alive
Looks neat
At the risk of revealing personal info, I know people that were extras in a straight to DVD Morgan Freeman movie that was filmed there
Eastern europeans prefer eastern european girls.
It's just not the same
They have to exit the EU to do that, and the EU will respond with its own tarrifs if they do that
They try to survive with their pensions, who are almost enough for just the electricity and the water bills.
>The EU protecting is a joke and the Americans and the Chinese laugh when they hear that a strong EU will protect European markets
>Students across France have been staging protests against President Emmanuel Macron’s proposed education reforms, which would introduce tougher entry requirements for the country’s universities
Of course, most teachers in most schools don't bother making kids learn the countries and capitals in Africa or Oceania for example (Bulgaria is poor, our teachers are paid low wages), but in Europe
Annoying, but cute
HELP
cool
I think they don't give a crap just like every religious hypocrite in history hasn't. Christianity says it preaches love, Islam says it preaches peace, meanwhile all they do is murder people by the millions
Idk how these videos came out of such a homophobic country lmao
A TON of laws have passed SPECIFICALLY for poorer people ! Like higher (+100€) minimum pensions for the retired ? Like the transfer of social contributions from the retired (except the poorest retired) to the workers ? Like the removal of the local housing tax except for richer people ?The ONLY law that was passed specifically for rich people was the removal of the "Impôt sur la Fortune", which was scientifically a terrible, terrible tax which did not succeed at transferring money from the rich to the poor
It looks like this winter will be cold.
I know Presov and Komarno
Tbh there isn't a "set" Turkish look
Nah, there was still AH when I was playing.
[Azis - Sen Trope] I'm ashamed to admit that I find it catchy
If you want to find internal rotting you need look no further than your own country.
Macedonia is still a sore subject to some degree, mostly because of all the wars we were part of in an attempt to reunify.
Edit: forgot to mention: the trains are extremely comfortable
If anything, the presence of the latter merely show Marxism can easily coexist with them, instead of being the liberatory force in some people's minds.
On the other hand, the fact you do not see many people in the UK taking pride in their Roman heritage and even outright mocking it may be exactly because they don't have as strong a relation to it culturally
Actually the Fed raising interest rates is a big political issue in Turkey at the moment.
Is Serbia inherently better than Bulgaria and Romania?
Care to tell me of how widespread has Vietnamese terrorism been?
If the GCs reject this deal, the embargo will not last.
As long as the Dutch can make a buck, discrimination is a non-issue...
Germany had a similar problem and the Hartz plan generally helped bring unemployment down
3% in 2008, 1
They were and still are absolutely beautiful
" on you
Otherwise, why don't we just share Napoleon's legacy
Bet it's the judicial system and the corruption that comes from it.
Lmao, we have sacrificed local companies in the name of western corporative interests, we are facing demographic crisis and all this for some measly funds which don't have any actual impact on the living standards of the average citizen.
Yes it does
> I don't think these negative comments are because of racism but bc of their behavior as a collective
Funnily enough, a Bulgarian writer from the 19th century named Ivan Bogorov wrote about purism
Fuck no
One I hate: that we're all sly, stealing gypsies that go around Europe to basically cheat the system over and over again
That's the point, IT IS NOT THE OFFICIAL NAME
Still, our cases are growing
No wonder your country is in ruins lol
Dude, the likes of Podemos and most of the "new left" are actually more fervently and traditionally marxist than the previous left wing there.
He’s one of the lucky ones because many people his age, both in the country and in the cities, have basically been abandoned by their family or have nobody left to care for them
USB 3
It can mean her in bulgarian
still sounds better than "dick stuck in you", tho....
His favourite genre was county music - yes American one.
The Prime Minister's daughter progressively got more jealous and one night it escalated to the point where she reportedly grabbed his gun and pointed it to her heart
I have never actually been inside the Boyana church
That doesn't mean that they are 100 different Bulgarias
That is the reason why libertarian morons are gaining traction.
We have Ikea since the early 00s, and its known as a high end furniture store
Hissarya
This is the reason "black culture" exists, but white culture doesn't.
We will still have external borders, but Schengen is mostly about trade.
Haven't used any filters or photo editors, not even sharpening.
Parent's don't know how to do their own jobs as parents
Where did they annex a territory, where did they down a civilian aircraft, where did they attack passing trade ships, where did they deny doing it
Nobody knows how much tobacco will cost if that hypothetical ban comes in place.
[Here is one of the biggest martenitsi] ever made in Sofia - the two soldiers of a Communist memorial to the 9.09.1944 coup backed by the Red Army that established Communist rule in Bulgaria (and still stands in Borisova Garden park, the central park of the capital) packed in red and white by Destructive Creation crew some three years ago :)
Maybe one exception is Tsvetoslav Tsonev
Others start in 6th grade to prepare for the exams in 7th grade
There were countless Italian city states.
Of course: alll Turks on Reddit hate Erdogan and all support everything he does
Ex: Your name is Boris, your dad's name is Kostadin and your surname is Kupenov (this comes from the name for the people who were gardeners for Ottoman officials during those times) --> your full name is Boris Kostadinov Kupenov
* маймунско а (maymunsko a) - “monkey a”
(Some, which happen to be built in the Soviet era but are otherwise unrelated to it, are fine
Although holding a public gathering without permission is illegal.
Of course though is there any reason to think this growth isn't reaching the average German?
bad recent experience with those, you know.
I do not think you realize how controlled the money coming to EE is.We can not just decide willy nilly where to spend it.
Cheap labour and a place to have your company if you don't like a lot of taxes
"Heavily guarded"
Do you also think that Greece is in Western Europe?
Wtf
The Imperial title was alwys recognized as something Rome itself can hold and no other nation and the fact that the Byzantine Empire recognized Bulgaria as an equal was something extraordinary.
I have to actually think about how to say them every time and I have to push my brain to do it lol
Bulgaria and North Macedonia
It's the left that should be shunned whenever and wherever.
No, i don't have to, and neither do you.
I bet you are not technically educated person and you have no idea of production plants to understand what exactly it means and how time consuming that will be.
It's an honour
That is perhaps the only kind of lie in the media I can forgive
/r/MurderedBySlogan
The other way around is not straight forward
Then you'll be disappointed as he is pro-EU just like any non-fringe politician
\*\*these are untranslatable in English, they don't have short forms of reflexive pronouns
It would be ironic if he were to fall victim to his own law.
But yes our situation isn't rosy and it's going to get worse if we don't do something about it
It's kinda laughable we're disusing this when in it;s widely known fact that the previous method was in favour of the rich
When I was a student we never even learned about communism in history class
I'd like to thank Romania and Greece for having our backs in terms of international politics when we need them
Well, to be honest most things work in/with cycles.
As a Bulgarian I imagine living here after l get a high-paying job wouldn't be much worse than living in a more developed country
Can someone explain why do we feel that way about a peace of colored cloth?
[One of my favourite clips
If you live in Sofia, all of the tourist attractions are boring already.
What are they proving in the middle of summer
It's also used when we want to say something is very far away: "It's all the way in Patagonia by now", meaning it's already gone
I had never visited before but I could tell a lot was going on and I can say that you are miles ahead of us, Bulgarians
Oh, we're a mixture of genes as everyone else.
Older people may question you
The alcoholic drinks we share with the rest of the Balkans - the rakia, the wine etc
I guess im a bit more cynical, but in practice the veto power is never used, since the majority party usually has the presidency, the supreme court has single digit cases per year and is completely irrelevant and has been for the past 25 years outside of the 5:4 decision to register DPS in 1991 which has been fucking us every day since.
Катерица (Kateritsa)  from катеря   (climb)
Communism
They often made camp in the mountains and did a lot of raiding, taking coins from governmental convoys or sabotaging Imperial infrastructure
The distance (700km) is comparable to Paris - Nice or Paris - Barcelona
/8 hours) is 23
Gypsies do have a higher birth rate but it's far from 5 children per family.
Edit: Found more photos: [1] [2]
Its at the lower parts of Vitosha mountain and most TV shows and mainstream music videos are shot there
Here it is normal to drink tap water, but in some cites/towns people dontdrink it because of the bad flavour/bad source
Paldiski
European countries or Europe in general is not the place where an immigrant should try building his/hers new life.
Unfortunately my dad works at a bank so I do very well know the amounts which they get.
What's a Love Parade and why should Germany have it?
Europe is still unstable, the crisis in south continues and that vote was like stub in the back.
Eastern countries went thru a lot worse crisis in the 90s, we just did not complain as much cause, i believe, we weren't spoiled by the state.
The one and only reason I went there
Iliana Petrov (If she's born in Bulgaria the wife and the daughter would be Petrova).
Joking about sex
As a result, politicians simply had to pretend that they were too dumb in court and that would be a valid defense.
/2h 30m ) is 9
To answer the last question in the original post - no, I don't really feel there is a choice among Bulgarian political parties that matches my views enough to say I support them
Gypsies
It’s well fairly rude and unprofessional though I’ve heard it used by a government service before
The truth is that you are investing in yourself.
Such open marxists have been elected currently in both parliament and local municipality, especially in Cataluna.
We export so much that at some places we have to import power from other countries too, because of corruption
They should be said the same way they are in the native tongue
That is not what i said the US liberal left was claiming.
Abstained: Barekov, Kovatchev, Maydell, Novakov, Urutchev
You learn something new every day.
It’s a very cool tradition
Perhaps that's because our names come from several different origins (there are native Slavic names, Greek ones, newly introduced American ones,  Russian ones that were popular during the Communist regime, Turkish and Roma ones for our main minorities, etc)
My partner has been trying to learn Bulgarian
Russia is already spreading fake news about how Soros is preparing a Bulgarian Maidan to bring down the new president -
Well now I live in country that isn't pro-LGBT either, but just "nobody is actively trying to take you kids away" is already couple of light years better than what we had in Russia
It would be dismissed as barbaric and asiatic and as something that does not fit European values.
I guess people fell for it because it was only a few years after Chernobyl and it was on the state TV channel
muh "Ukrainians can't survive the winter" narrative!
Magic
An essay is not proof
And most Slavic languages refer to Germans as "nemtzi" and other variants of that
I'm really happy to see the people reject it
German is easy, especially for someone from a Germanic country
Tell your oponent to "leave things to people with common sense".
Allow me to explain
I'm just saying that Kosovo broke international law too
eazy-e also died this day 25 years ago
Usually those come from america but no I see that its not a thing only there.
I don't know but some warning signs (or rather, slogans) made during communist times were downright hilarious
Overproduction is actually a pretty logical practice,  although it obviously has environmental drawbacks
Maybe if "Save Sofia" makes a political party for the next elections, they'd get my vote
When typing on a keyboard in pinyin, you will be suggested different characters that correspond to the pinyin and make the most sense
That's interesting, why do you think they didn't get more votes?
I see that you are pushing them narratives really hard.
Well i would say Turkish
We "inherited" the shitty mentality, the enormous corruption, the desire to steal everything you can from the state, if you have the chance to do it, and the fucked up systems from the previous communist dictatorship.
He was minister only for less than 2 years
I can say they share a lot of words with us but for us, those words would often be "archaic" or only really used in very old texts, or different context
It's Delyan Peevski
No private business was taken away and gifted to friendly oligarchs, unlike the lottery and the "Eight Dwarfs" recent affair
I doubt that Bulgaria & Romania are in the same category
I love baked kashkaval in any form
I don't know man, given serbias history with their neighbours I'm not sure they should talk about backstabbing
Since there is still no prove whatsoever how the arrival of a whole bunch of religious, racial or cultural minorities improves the overal condition of a previously homogeneus society, but instead quite a lot of negative examples to show, it would seem rational to take the position this village has.
In North Macedonia, especially on the far right, there are these ideas that Bulgaria and Greece have somehow managed to convince Germany, the UK, Italy, France, Spain, Russia, the US and basically the whole world to teach "our" version of history and it's some massive anti-Macedonian conspiracy
One can not get such colors in such dim light, it must be digitally enhanced.
Not only  is it free but it has some of the best universities not only in Europe but the world (Edi Uni, Glasgow Uni, St
Entire websites have been created that are dedicated to spewing propaganda garbage 24/7 in Bulgarian.
Not that I think they're good guys but Romania had good achievements under them.
Macron is trouble because he is a banker and he worked for the Rotschilds?
Go in Bulgaria everything is almost free for people from Western Europe
While the official language is Bulgarian we do have a significant minority of Turks who speak Turkish if that counts
We shake our heads for 'yes' and nod for 'no'.
They taught us both geographical definition and topographic in the early 00s. Greenland is still Danish, but it is considered part of the North American landmass
> majority of their voters, this ranking and especially our glorious 111th position is a fabrication of the West because they hate Bulgaria and are jealous of the progress we've had
We all have to go out and for some reason celebrate in the center of a crowd full of people we don't know?
If she was young, it's entirely possible she didn't realize "пиво" is used for beer and not just any kind of drink
Pretty much any western european country.
Take a shower if i feel like it.
The martenitsi at the top left corner are so cute
In memory of the stonecutter, the land was renamed "Land of San Marino", and was changed to its present-day name, "Republic of San Marino".
Some may seem like it is another language at first, but then you realize it's English with an accent a second later.
It`s right in the middle of the continent.
Though 2016 has taught me that polls are not to be trusted
The bad thing here is, only one would be able to take advantage.
You can say " Ne mi puka" or "Ne mi dreme"  they both can be translated as I don't care
France has pledged to invest almost a billion euros into higher education over the next five years
For example Emmanuel Macron in the role of a president is way more powerful than the Bulgarian president
We make fun of them but they are often used as sugar babies, drive expensive cars and are as dumb as a brick.
Threads about the UK breaking up often make it to the first page with many people fantasizing about Scotland, Wales or N.Ireland leaving
[This] part tells an interesting story
I imagine it is not something that comes up in a day to day conversations, but it will be completely understandable from an expecting mother to inquire about it
Sofia - Ruse is 6 hours
I know I shouldn't have laughed at this but I did
If the western part of the continent think they had bad problems with easterners, well, now you will understand what real problems mean.
I do skip, and if there isn't a Bulgarian comment, I tend to post one
That is also why many of them support Erdogan, because in him they see a figure who might do away with Turkish nationalism as the unifying element of the state, and use instead Islam as the unifying element as was the case during Ottoman times.
You sound like you'v got some feelings or issues with Europe bottled up, to take such a desperate attack at it at an unrelated opportunity.
But there are a bunch of reasons to be forbidden.
From what I've heard from north Bulgarians, your drivers are decent until they get in Bulgaria, then they become insane
Sadly, today it’s pretty much dead in the cities and only lives on in some villages
Because it's a union of very different states and a lot more people
Remember this whole conflict started as an uprising to oust Assad, ISIS rose from the chaos that ensued afterwards.
Has "huts" which are members of the Bulgarian Tourist Union, they are cheap and cool (far from fancy) places to sleep and get a meal.
It means "she who prays to God"
The EU has a set of official languages and English is a part of the set.
People know diesel is shit for air quality, they still buy it because its cheap.
All are valid concerns, there is for certain a lot of work left to be done to catch up with the west
So what you are saying is, because EU is not a country, USA can disregard any agreement it made with us.
You have no time for anything
I love the union
Firstly, the 1997-2001 government, corrupt as it was, brought the country of deep crisis, made economic reforms which in spite of flawed privatization led to a decade of unprecedented GDP and income growth, opened the road to EU membership, switched the currency and monetary mechanisms which guaranteed currency and banking system stability, built (I believe, need to check) more highways than Borisov during any of his mandates, without any comparable EU funding and without bragging and holding ceremonies for newly completed every 10 km
I'm sure when you say something and everyone around you starts parroting it back to you you'll eventually start believing it yourself.
They have been filling their heads that the UK is essential to the EU, they think that we are worried tf we going to do without them even tho most eu citizens forgot about Brexit
To be honest, I haven't heard of them, and they aren't included in the recent polls that I see.
However, they had many disagreements with each other, and now the liberal vote (outside of GERB, which many don't want to vote for because they believe it is too compromised) is split now between RB, Yes Bulgaria, and New Republic.
Sorry to tell you, but most of the goods, food, clothes, appliances and so on sold by the chains in BG is junk.
Small independent ones, whose journalists, editors and owners get beat  in the streets, have their card set on fire etc
Those are the two key sides in the war.
You can't just protest without having some kind of demands
Bulgaria's economic ties to Russia are pretty much confined to us having to buy our energy from them.
But my point still stands
Especially Allo Allo, that dub is just perfect, the Bulgarian voices fit the characters way better than the original ones.
”, leading to me getting acquainted with the Torbinses
Think Russia doesn't know that the President as institution in Bulgaria has very little executive power and very little influence of day-to-day political life in the country.
That was all
AMERICA FIRST, THE NETHERLANDS SECOND
Serbia and Macedonia are not in the EU and yet refugees go there as well.
Edit:
There is no comparison to the ottoman empire spreading in the balkans the way the russians did in Asia and the Baltics.
All you need to do is to be a citizen.
We had similar problem in Bulgaria in those years, the common stuff that was sniffed was glue and bronze paint.
Although there is the fair share of racists on the sub (not very vocal tho) this sentiment mainly comes from the fact that a lot of people treat the EU as an already federalized union (a very prevalent opinion in the sub) and in their view you can't limit migration if it's from the "same country".
Why are you shocked
I've yet to see a literature teacher who didn't apply these authors' vision to the modern world
I do not visit any British subreddits, not interested in discussing any issue with Brits.
Unless you want to make the claim that Britain, France, Spain and so on were not European when they had colonies.
I'm off to the Austrian Alps
We have the same problem with dead people in the voting lists.
Malicious bald midget
Like, I want to support local producers and businesses but not at the expense of customer experience, warranty of the purchased items and 20-50% higher prices
И - and, pronounced as E
In other words, by not being very christian.
Even if its just "anonymous sources from ____".
Freestyler as well
I'll also openly admit I'm biased, since I generally have problems with copyright law, anyway
There was a similar thread in /r/europe just a few days ago.
Leaving things as they are now would be the preferred solution for Turkish Cypriots with full recognition of their state.
The eyes of God - Cave Prohodna, Bulgaria
Germany had a similar problem and the Hartz plan generally helped bring unemployment down
That has nothing to do with what I said.
Cossackia was actually recognized as a separate ethnicity
Pros: I cant remember any pros in living in Bulgaria nowadays
[This] is Zlatograd (Goldtown).
Norwegian and Swedish on the other hand are alike.
> we literally give away billions of Euros each year to EU
Yes, definetely
Rose jam
Why are there even asylum-seekers from Afghanistan?
Da drusam krushata - To shake the pear tree
36 No
Then what's the point of schengen?
I am excited to see young people on protests trying to improve our country
Also I know it sounds bias but Bulgaria too
Source: have studied international relations and have had classes on division of power, state structure and functions and e.t.c.
Their market share is pretty small even in the US
Instead it was a worm time of the year and many people went outdoors, breathing in the radioactive particles.
And we beat you at football
So, the Turks don't trust any media?
Madara Rider - One of the few remnants we have of the Bulgars
I guess you haven't been to the US Jesus belt.
Most can't explain what the white in our flag means
They were also murdering the peace keeping forces of the UN
Bulgaria has had a 4-6% unemployment rate in the last 20 years or so and it's because we have a semi-decent mixed economy and we've stayed away from full on Keynesean madness, unlike Italy, Spain, Portugal and Greece who all just loved to borrow and borrow
We also have a lot of dialect words
Lmao, moron, kissing the EU's ass is the last thing you will find in my comment history.
They are routinely ranked as some of the easiest countries to do business in or set up a company.
Western Europeans when the countries de facto ruled by a genocidal maniac don't progress with them: surprised Pikachu face
This is where the Witcher 3 cosplayers meetup will happen in 2017.
You also have redheads, who are almost impossible to meet here...
Hence another reason it'a despicable ideology.
Everything, to the word
Hokkaido is my city
The Balkans are named "Balkan" after Bulgarian mountains tho
Wealthy nations, especially Luxembourg, part of the floodplains of the southern edge of the continental ice during the last Ice Age
Hasn't changed its name since its founding in 681 AD
I don't trust foreign based NGOs about anything (And yes, I don't believe they really care about Ukraine).
One must give it to them though, they are getting quite good at it.
One advice - try to visit the seaside outside of season, or at least - near the beginning or near the end.
You can import all of Africa and close the border for Eastern Europe for all I care.
Imagine if Canada just started claiming that Lincoln was Canadian and explaining that him being an American is a big conspiracy
Edit: found one, but it’s definitely a recent forced translation of the English one
|Name example|Translation|
Both Bulgaria and Romania were German allies as well.
In my experience with Greeks, i found out that they do not think long term.
Most of the time - having nothing in common with the news.
Only tax that was implemented was the fuel tax, no other changes to the tax code have been done a part from what we already discussed
Cyril and Methodius, who were Byzatine monks invented the [Glagolitic alphabet] Their Bulgarian students invented the [Cyrillic alphabet] by a request of the Bulgarian Tsar [Simeon I the Great] because the Glagolitic looks like an alien script and no one understood it
Most people here like it mushy though
Did he do a lot of harm to the UK while serving as prime minister?
I do care about having more sunlight during the summer in the evening, however, especially at the sea
Gosho ot Pochivka and his ''fiesta of swear words in his songs''. Like the guy has at least 4 swear words in his sentences
I have never heard this my entire life, if anything some people do acknowledge that it is EU day, but barely
I don't want to live in western Europe.
More people can afford a middle end car in the UK compared to the EU?
>What would be demands in a European country
The debate is about whether the cucumber should be grated or cubed
On the contrary, the increase of the CSG hits the wealthy because it taxes CAPITAL gains, which is something I'm sure you're very happy about, right ? What about the "poverty plan" ? It's seen by the social sector as one of the best social plans ever written by a government, because it really tackles the root issues of poverty in France .
Can we do it again please
Mind you i heard people expressing dissatisfaction with British tourist as they tend to drink a lot and being rude.
Both, although Borisov himself isn't too keen on the nationalistic speech
Brits talking about admitting mistakes is my favorite.
There're many more arguments to be had and valid points to be made of course.
This is a very weak swear word
Not all of Southern Europe has low unemployment
It wasn't a dig at the Moldovan identity
Furthermore, no one said every single cause people take or should take is for the betterment of humanity.
The very next day in an interview he seemed much less enthusiastic.
Too much
Any other candidate would have won.
You don't know what you are talking about.
We take it pretty seriously and I think we reacted quite quickly compared to the other European countries
The most obvious negative bias comes from the professional field, i.e the bosses treat eastern europeans(maybe all immigrants) in a very different way, compared to natives.
The reality is - German economy is the motor of the EU.
There's definitely a contrast between what Europe and China do and who Muslim leaders criticise
Don't know why but tsar simeon wanted another alphabet so the Preslav literary school made the cyrillic alphabet named in honour of their old teacher Cyril
Number of tourism nights spent in the EU slightly up in 2016.
After all i was born and raised in a city, lived most of my life in cities and moved to a small place.
Facism caused WW2, Cold war was between 2 ideologies
You can't really chill/eat/cook with the same clothes you go for coffee with friends
Of course
Yup
Up is down and down is up
You don't go to countries who treat you as second class.
- Sofians are significantly richer than the average Bulgarian
The Romanian national anthem
Houses follow the same rule
The US is actually in the bottom half in the world in this dataset
On some level, he probably understands that he is outclassed by them in this particular business and it makes him act in a boyishly-defiant way.
They basically say that the UK has several bases abroad and a modern military that can sustain a campaign abroad.
The importance of staying in touch with and speaking to the family often
I would expect him to be pretty popular with Russians.
Don't know, perhaps you should ask him.
But it's nowhere near to social justice and cohesiveness, something that has been heavily advertised here.
And I doubt any would include Slovenia
I knew I have heard your name before, it just took me a few minutes to realise I actually voted for you :D I am surprised to see you on reddit and hope to see Save Sofia on the next elections as well
Bulgaria is like the equal bastard child of all major groups.
If your public transport commute is 2 hours that's it, always
I have to say that this is a pleasant surprise.
He was right behind me when he did it
Хахаха, did I get your reply correctly
"Shkembe chorba" is tripe soup - local classic
Really harsh
Under the jurisdiction of many countries, the intent plays a crucial role in how severely the crime is persecuted.
It's easy to understand, listen
And considering it's a lot worse in the USA, I get now the millions of people parroting how their country is the only important one, the greatest in the world and so forth
Well atleast you now know that quatro works
A single payer NHS type a deal will be far superior in my mind, if we manage to reform the sector
It makes sense to me as a Bulgarian speaker because we also have djezve, and it's the specific thing you're talking about while something like "kavnik" would just be a general coffee making thing (if it was a word)
And do not forget that 15 or more years ago something called "islamic revival" started.
Seeing the way he looks, I wouldn't be surprised if they tried to impregnate him as well.
Alexander, Ferdinand, Boris, Simeon, only considering more recent history
Fairly popular among young people
Never heard of refugee crisis back in 1994.
I've never met an Italian who liked cats.
[Ivana - Neshto netipichno]
I think  we should make a distinction between what NATO members do and what NATO does
##ANANAS MASTER RACE
Eastern European managers at their finest
Nationalism is the solution, not the issue.
The problems in Bulgaria are more deeply rooted.
I'd say you need a minimum of a year or two of very active studying and immersion
That's why deporting and killing the locals is always a great idea
Well fuck you too, you're years away from even reaching 2007 Bulgaria standards.
What is gross about the Australian immigration system and how is yours better?
The Russo-Turkish wars go all the way back to the 1560s.
I think it stems from white Americans having very little culture after their ancestors decided to move away/reject the culture they'd been part of for thousands of years
How nice would it be if one of these days Russia wakes up as a real democracy and works together with Europe on the big challenges of today, like climate, equality etc
But he's yet to seize control the way Putin and Erdogan did
So someone in Poland does something, and now ALL Slavic speakers are guilty
Can you write it in original so I can say it?
> Nicopolis ad Istrum can be said to have been the birthplace of [Germanic] literary tradition
Bit more disclaimer for Latin-based speakers - in Cyrillic we use same-written "H" character for our ["En" letter] not like you for [/ˈeɪtʃ/] .  Also our equivalent h/ch/kh sound is for the [Х letter] (which amusingly is again used differently from Latin, because Cyrillic [originates from Greek script mostly]
American spelling and pronunciation all the way!
I don't speak any french and never thought that it is a thing that you need to check for before buying
Obviously
If you could give a Balkan man a gun and tell him that he won't be prosecuted for killing Turks and he will go berserk
You don't count as anything if you weren't asked, this is from an eurobarometer poll.
Plus the interviews with the "military guys" near the NPP does feel a bit like "we are in deep shit fuck off news reporters".
Правят - they (plural) are doing
In Burgas there are probably only a few stray dogs but a lot of cats
During the protests in 2013 against a Socialist-led government, propaganda sites connected all the protest leaders with Soros and his NPOs.
Indeed
Bulgaria has one of the finest tap water in Europe (because most cities have mountain springs close by
Every student studies at least one foreign language and I would say a huge portion of the median students have some knowledge in another
Leave was even leading a week before the referendum, the surprise when it won was an emotional one, not the polls being way off.
Well i learned basic phrases from school
I think it's a trap with a killer robot
The entire northeastern region (Vidin, Vratsa, Montana etc
But some of the more universally disliked ones are [Volen Siderov] and [Ahmed Dogan]
They receive their British pensions and live in the countryside of Bulgaria where they can't spend much, because everything is cheap or they grow it themselves
> This hypocrisy and ungratefulness is actually generated from the top
A lot of multinational high-tech and software companies have bases in Republic of Ireland, due to low taxation, flexible labor legislation and lack of language barrier.
Jesus
As i said before, so far there is no separatist tendencies in Bulgaria.
At this point all of us had already watched porn and most of us were probably masturbating
People here are really keen on learning foreign languages due to opportunities for work, but I'd like to think it is also because of genuine interest
There's many but I can only think of one right now - Ксерокс (kseroks/Xerox) for photocopier - it's a word we use more than "Копирна машина" (copying machine), because as you might guess, Xerox is the first and most popular brand for those here
The thing that surprised me the most after I moved from Moscow to Bulgaria is when I lived in Russia everything around was in Russian
I love the taste of mish mash but the texture is too soft on it's own
In other words, British support of terrorism in the middle east.
Well, that's what they tried to do in the beginning, but it did not work.
I still can't figure out if they are Eastern or Central Europe.
You'd be gone, the Russians would be gone, and everyone, even the bloody Vatican could take a piece of your territory since you wouldn't be a functioning state after that.
Your logic holds no power over the Trump administration.
It is an iris, although i don't know which variety.
His original comment was clearly meant to make the statement countries are built upon and made prosperous by those who stay in them, not when people leave them, in the context of people leaving their poor countries today.
Wtf
Sweden and Finland torture(SFT) is a geopolitical activity involving
The one I feel we should have kept is the Mausoleum
Could not understand the complications with the name of the Republic of Macedonia.
I don't agree with his statement either but i honestly, sincerely despise answers like yours.
Which stereotype about Europe do you hate
Every citizen is covered for lots of things and state and municipal hospitals are affordable but they are expected to turn a profit which means they are critically underfunded and the quality of care is very weak
Sofia (our capital) is Greek for "wisdom", and given this is the place where our politicians reside I find this the last place I would attribute any descriptor for intelligence
Now parents don't discipline their kids at home and the only tool the teacher has is giving bad grades, at which the kids scoff
Also can apply to pets
I think it should mean something like "a good feeling". You know, like being happy and lucky at the same time
The floor above the ground floor if the building has stores on the ground floor, otherwise - the very first floor above the ground
If it's English (as is true for most), I play in English
Still it's her fault for the influx into the EU
Rarely I contribute as much since more can be desired from my English but I am happy to be a small part of the community.
The PC term for gypsies is Roma,so you can see where the misunderstanding may come from
Just New Year's Eve
I hate that place
Putin, of course
I think you were in this a couple days ago, but we have somehow managed to qualify
that's interesting
Plus they promised us our lands back so it makes sense we couldn't really complain about Germans taking the Jews from those lands
LOL
But why you think these money you won't be sending in the EU will go to Wales ?
But a lot of water is under that bridge, and there are no true arbiter of what is a legit national identity.
Катерица (Kateritsa)  from катеря   (climb)
Although during the 70s and 80s, the communist government thought that Turkish people held a way too positive view of Turkey and that they might want autonomy or more, but the communists were also paranoid idiots so who knows
USB 3
We lost everything in the second balkan war because of it
To put it in layman’s terms, this was done by procrastination
In my book, milk doesn't go in tea at all
Your country first became independent in 1918 and certainly never included Pskov
Plus they promised us our lands back so it makes sense we couldn't really complain about Germans taking the Jews from those lands
I'm upset that I am not currently in Bulgaria.
Any European can do that much
It's also used when we want to say something is very far away: "It's all the way in Patagonia by now", meaning it's already gone
So unless you come to Bulgaria for sex or alcohol tourism, let's pretend it doesn't exist, okay~~
You sound more Dutch then
I wish it were genetic for us too.
Also as long as we're not buying foreign, all the money will stay within the EU.
Let's say the vaccine research industry
it means the same thing as the title asks for, ready or not here i come
The the 6th of January is Йорданов ден (Jordanov den) day of the name Jordan, also knows as Богоявление (when God has appeared)
Nope, also known as pushing out or buying any smaller company.
That makes the world pretty small.
So it's kind of understandable they don't want to give Greece money when it will be worth less to the Greeks than to the citizens of those countries.
But prices are compared to those wages so it really does not matter for most things.I think the only thing that is not compared to our wages in Bulgaria are video games which cost the same as they do to westerners.Explains piracy rate.
Investment is not aid
The town's mineral waters literally heal diseases and the ancient part of the city is still surrounded with massive ancient fortifications
Economist agree that the reforms in Germany made sense and were needed, the effects are obvious in that Germany now has very low unemployment rate while before it was as big as France has currently
Damn, Trump was right on how bad that show is
Wholesome
Mandarin Chinese, Japanese and C++.
Everyone can claim an anonymous source.
> we literally give away billions of Euros each year to EU
I feel like I'm in Florida or some shit
I just hope the fucking stupid US doesn't try to do that
But how much taxes did Jeff Bezos and Tim Cook pay
tricky
I mean, it's kinda your fault if you leave your car in a state that's easy to steal
According to Wikipedia, you have more:
Angela Merkel and Francois Hollande call for new sanctions on Russia over Ukraine conflict
Refugees are human beings too
No matter how many people think that, no matter the reason
It is, but I was writing it as the Czech Republic is written
Got nothing in common with calla lilies, not even the same family.
in theory yes in practice tho
They really are
Well
In every constitution or other parts of the legislature the power and the responsibilities of those figures are determined
I can't really judge it on just one day
This was a totally normal thing
The whole neighborhood's got this kinda-fucked-up vibe.
The burden they have to be their own masters/regional power is too great to bear without making asses of themselves(using soft language).
Apparently we're the vast minority here, but we don't. I remember we had something like that in kindergarten and maybe some classes in history where we've discussed some religion, but outside the very few religious schools - no, no religion classes in public schools
Having just Turkish and Arabic replace dozens of languages and cultures is not made less of a historic loss for humanity and diversity just because the Greeks did the same with Anatolian ones.
bg] and [Dnevnik
How exactly is Russian a rare language
Thanks but no thanks, i'd rather my government had no such control and instead enforced the borders so we aren't subjected to an ever increasing Islamisation of our societies.
\>  A German court refuses to extradite a German citizen
I think for instance in the 8th (can't remember) grade kids were supposed to start the year with the works of Homer and then move on to Bulgarian medieval literature
Johnson-the-Clown can only warn Brits as he's in the British government.
Same thing here
Can you source your bleeding dry argument
You mean the Byzantine empire
Ankara Gives 11 Days Leave to Outmigrants for Bulgaria's Elections
Build a wall and have Mexico pay for it!
Also, that government, corrupt as it was, was **IN NO FUCKING WAY** nearly as corrupt as the current one
I won't hold my breath for any source.
Well, that took a while to click.
Yordanovden - the catching of the cross, the [Ice dance] in Tundzha, but this year most of these events won't be happening
As on this date Bulgarians celebrate the day of the wine, while the rest celebrate Valentines and some others are keen to post and discuss financial issues regarding stock exchange.
They've become pretty popular here too in the last 10-15 years
>Pupils’ chances of escaping their socio-economic background are smaller in France than in any of the other 71 countries surveyed
Greece is the world's biggest open air prison apparently.
Defensive organizations like NATO, or economic ones like the EU are the future
Like you guys tend to be super used to your own personalised notions of normality and you aproach new things starting from the American perspective, not from a "blank slate" perspective
I have no bombs or hairy muscular middle aged children and would like to apply myself to your asylum.
It all depends on which country is saying what.
The sections of the Constitution that are in the prerogative of the Grand National Assembly cannot b changed by the regular Parliament
Islamists want to restore a formerly Muslim territory in its rightful position in the [Dar al-Islam]
It’s well fairly rude and unprofessional though I’ve heard it used by a government service before
In fact i think it is UNESCO heritage site.
It won with a Supermajority of 74.2% "yes".
School just explained the cellular level of things
There were no Turks in Bulgaria before the ottoman conquest.
And success
Badhistory is very much a place filled with bad history.
, tzatziki, souvlaki, etc
But by far the most popular are:
You can pick up your child at any time, I think
Culture wise, the anglophone side feels like american carbon copy.
I seriously doubt atm , there are any paid trolls.
[yes I'm aware not everyone is Caucasian in russia]
I've never heard of "trouble makers" reference though.
It's instant Balkan scenario literally
Of course you love to be in the EU.
He's the main hero because he had very social political ideas
I want to go there this Summer as a tourist to see it for myself.
So the builder made the bridge to shape the face of the Devil only during [high sun]
Don't delete you racist comments mate, its getting sad.
Lets get in front of latvia and romania together :) ?
No it doesn't. Yes both have tall buildings, wow
Any argument against brexit applies to Scotland leaving the UK, much more strongly
The real trouble for me starts with Czech and intensifies with Polish
The IP laws today limit innovation rather than driving it.
wants to revoke double nationalities, stricter border controls, and they've been making some fairly nationalist and anti-muslim statements as well.
Birmingham, although it's not a tourist place at all but it's a very industrial city that I'd rather not visit again
If you're fat and out of shape, your choice of partner is smaller.
The others don't benefit so much.
Ah now I understand
"We know what to do about COVID, just give us funds
". The fuck does that even mean and are you 12 for believing it
But we're talking economics here, what can the government do with it's tools to influence the market and society to prosperity
If all the cities had a accessible price to get a flat, then the country side will be even more depopulated
Don't you think it is time for the UK to make up its mind and decide which system it is actually going to use in the future?
You still had mensheviks and socialist revolutionaries (the actual people that caused the Russian revolution)
I think they are legal
Ah ok, sorry, thank you for clearing that up
Also don't know if it's just me but I feel like humidity is higher this summer
If we kept winter time, in the summer the sun would rise at 4:00-5:00, which will mess with a lot of people's sleep
Japanese abilty to combine tradition (clothing and architecture) with modernity
One the last two days we have had actual nice weather
It's one month here
That'll definitely justify some protest marches.
DPS and the United patriots together, lol.
Hail for the people protesting against corruption.
Are we adding whatever human rights we decide each passing year?
[39% support equal gay rights, 93% of parents will be outraged if their child has a same sex partner]
Soap
If it is, then I'm one of the lucky [10,000]
Do you cook it
Ironically, Stalin was absolutely right that the invasion was a very stupid idea for Germany
От уважение се пише на разбираемия за мнозинствто език. Това, за което говориш, са изключения, а не веднъж така/веднъж онака.
Thus we consider ourselves a mixture of Bulgars, Thracians (they are the indigenous ones) and Slavic => Bulgarians
What's with the hair by the way
I am vegan, but even before that i wasn't a huge fan of milk
Despite all her faults Merkel is probably the best we've got right now.
In soviet times it was known as the rule of the КАМАЗ. Nowadays it's known as the "black SUV" right of way
Each number from one to ten has a unique name, the numbers between 11 and 19 have the “надесет” (nadeset) suffix which means “ontop of ten”, so they are three on top of ten
Please enlighten me, cause so far i did not know i live in any Empire!
And that is exactly the reason why the UK is one of the most obese nations in the world
It says that they were like a safe haven for monks from 301 because of persecution from the Roman Empire, but their constitution was written in 1600, thus making them an official sovereign country on that year
So i don't get what you are trying to say - that water, food and sheter should not belong to the people who create them, but be forcibly taken from them and redistributed to everyone as their "right"?
Are you voting for a single candidate in each electoral district
Germany: Run Lola Run; Solino; Das Experiment
Lots of people prefer cars, lots of people prefer public transport
As in other cases, the adjective means "good" rather than "meh".
Depending on where you go you can often find admiration for Americans and sometimes animosity that covers a bit of jealously is what I encounter if anything negative in Eastern Europe.
Also they are far less active than USA in their meddling into ME affairs.
wait for it
France muslim population 1960 :
Wait so
I'll just keep my opinion to myself
"Why are you guys still using the Russian alphabet
It really depends on where you live
We sometimes call it "The white house" because a lot of bathrooms used to be white in past
so you are saying this is not true, then?
Poland feeling very nostalgic for those communist days
>What I heard was : people want more public services, and don't want poor people to pay for it, because it's unfair
All their islands are not part of Balkan Peninsula but yeah I understand your point
Well, as far as I am concerned, our national tragedy was like 500 years before that and then there was a second one 30 years after that.
After that the whole school would be evacuated, the police comes with trained dogs and search for it but never found anything
I'm from Bulgaria and combined with the pro-Russia, anti EU sentiment some paid outlets harbour, there's the issue with our seaside basically being sold off to Russians
I mean, he looks like a complete tool judging by the picture.
Po dyavolite is REAL mild
The EU, Mexico and China are the 1st, 3rd and 4th biggest importers of US good but what could go wrong with starting a trade war with them?
Most of them would only go out past dark if another person is accompanying them, preferably a man, but certainly not alone
To be fair to the two party system, it's much less likely that the party is a bunch of yes-men for Dear Leader and there is a lot of fractures inside those parties
I met my best Czech friend because he decided to scream "you have big tits" in Czech to the girl who presents the new year's eve national concert in the capital
Hungary is such a fascinating nation to me
They make a remembrance of those events every year as far as I know
What minorities were exterminated in Russia
I am happy for them as well, it's just funny that most of the front page posts on /r/Europe are about them, haha
There is snuff one can roll it and put it under lip.
Russian - Спасибо
Others still believe there should be no freedom of expression as it offends God.
And the EU isn't some obscure unknown insitution.
Outside of parliament but notable:
Edit: You can keep some basic stuff in HS, maybe some algebra and Bulgarian for all, just to keep the material fresh, but the focus should be on the individual skills of the students
There is no one better to do the task than the EU.
You might be surprised by the astonishing revelation that kids often decide to break rules they full comprehend they shouldn't.
More than half of the posters are trumplets, that's how.
I think he expects those 2% to be paid directly to America.
So it feels like we're like some kind of happy beggars, graced by the undeserved kindness of rich EU nations
In Bulgarian, it's almost only nearby places in the Balkans that can have a very different name than the one established in English
Does anyone know how that would affect yield
And, most importantly, home to Saint Nicholas who brings presents to all good  Dutch children
Stuff like onions, olives, good amount of fruit and some vegetables.
It is funny you would use irony when in fact your mention of these two muslims implies to you there only are two options - you either supress poor minorities or you open to the world completely.
Sure, laws against drugs are harsh all around the globe, but drugs do exist and being sold to everyone who has enough cash to pay them, right?
It is highly unlikely that any of our neighbours would attack us
How do they explain the Bulgar language in article?
Thessaloniki - Solun
We are welcome on every corner of the world, cause we are the smartest, the biggest and the best at anything you can think about.
The despotic people's dictatorship of Hafaria - Arctic by nature, Antarctic by culture
There’s also a general Sofia vs
And this is just the economic side on a very basic level
If a Romanian lived in south Italy with their Romanian income, yes, they would be poorer, but that is largely irrelevant for estimating the quality of life.
Ottoman Turkish vocabulary was, as others have said, itself comprised of a lot of Persian and Arabic loanwords among Turkic ones
Of course songs in English are very popular in Bulgaria because America's entertainment industry is popular worldwide.
Nice, now do the same for laptops please
The only time NATO did anything was when europeans went to fight an american war.
They are extremely blunt
The difference comes from rush hour traffic which is much worse in general
Well
I was once told "Huh, I've never seen a bulgarian who can speak English
You are scary
Having an Estonian name for a city doesn't mean that it is or ever was an Estonian city
One of the only Bulgarian rock songs I know [Черната Овца]
Note that Croatia has been historically richer.
It's a stupid argument because it doesn't address any of my points but simply taunts a difference in culture to every proposed solution or reform, to the point where you said nothing of substance since you don't actually speak for the entire country nor do yo actually represent everyone's feelings
If I’m tired I may accidentally answer the phone like that in English also
Eastern Roman Empire =/= Greece
Nadias Sandwich from Denmark
Bulgarian at one point had ~50% Ottoman Turkish vocabulary, (can't remember when it started chanign, maybe late 1800s or early 1900s? Too lazy to look it up right now) so there has been a gradual replacement of those terms with Slavic origin words
I don't know how much the results from sections in Turkey will influence their results.
Maybe also close to serbia
as he's just like Obama circa 2009
they have until 20th of Jan, 2017 to reach that goal
Your economy is better than ours.
The average IQ worldwide is in the range of 88-89.
Boyko is not the only one the protesters want to resign
4 - Romania - again neighbors, was under Bulgarian control in the First and some decades of the Second Bulgarian Tsardom
Ha ha ha, i am afraid you consider your illusions a reality.
(BTW your English is impeccable)
* leaving NATO is not a popular position in the UK (even less so when you were shitting on the organisation for 30 years while supporting the Warsaw pact for some reason)
But we can have 100 000 Afganistan immigrants in Germany?
It means - the ottoman army comes and kills everyone who doesn't want to turn Muslim, sometimes destroying whole villages, or sometimes - turning whole villages Muslim.
If there was a reasonable compromise, the history of the Balkans in the 20th century would have been much different
The wind is the worst part, not only does it increase the cold but it blows snow on your face so sometimes you can barely see.
I think the dude/gal/whatever was being sarcastic.
And note, in bookstores I’ve seen translations that translate her name normally, so what the fuck was Boris Mindov smoking
Not so much
The slavic languages that use latin alphabet really irks me too, some of these characters are not just foreign but look hard to write.
Because the Afghani army needs training and equipment.
We'll see about that
It's definitely a deep cultural thing, as I do know that the literary Turkish language has "politeness" gramatically ingrained in it, and people seem to really adhere to that
I think it's a trap with a killer robot
The 20 minute break is long enough to run at full speed to the nearest café and hope you can get a sandwich, shoving mouthfuls as you stride back in time for your next class
One given name, one paternal name (the name of your father + "оv/ova" suffix), and a surname (either the name of your paternal grandfather +"ov/ova" suffix or your father's surname, but not both)
USB 4
For the most part I can recognize ethnic groups, nationalities is quite different
Obviously most Europeans like to travel!
This is how the [Bulgarians] eat it.
It's human nature to go around naked, but we have rejected that notion.
His Italian accent is VERY thick but his grammar is almost perfect
Isn't Juppé her nearest rival and she definitely isn't beating him, at least for now.
Nobody in their right mind thinks they would ever be able to repay all that.
Some other countries, not so much.
As a Bulgarian I imagine living here after l get a high-paying job wouldn't be much worse than living in a more developed country
Yes, of course
Its because there is yet another stupid spy scandal thats why
Goddamnit that's how the cordyceps infection started
For fuck's sake, the Roman Empire conquered the lands that are now Bulgarian, can I lay claim on the Roman Empire being my ancestors' just because some Thracians most probably fucked some Romans and 2 centuries later some Thracians most probably fucked some Bulgars and Slavs
The Poles were the least oppressed and the least assimilated in Austria of all the empires, and the same applied to the other nations within Austria.
Thus we've not seen an increase
But it is very rarely used
Like we are allowed to
Oh no, actually no
Many fake news and misinformation coming from Russia or Russian trolls.
All they do is shout and try to be provocative, often making ridiculous proposals.
А, е, и, в and у are all words in Bulgarian
*(3) No part of the people, no political party nor any other organization, state institution or individual shall usurp the expression of the popular sovereignty
If someone is killed by police it becomes national news, it's very rare, and i don't ever recall hearing an innocent person has been shot.
I think it would be better if the EU recognized the annexation of the West Bank and treated Palestinians the same as Israeli citizens.
There's caramel popcorn, but I haven't met one person who prefers it over the regular ones.
There is also a village in the Rhodopes mountains called Чурка (Churka) which basically means a small dick.
I don't agree personally and have nothing against comparing the two
We have like 6 operational Mig 29s.
I was taught in school that the Ural Mountains are the border between Europe and Asia, not this thick white line
And how can you forbid someone to put signs in metric as that measurement system is completely and legally accepted in the UK?
Currently, our best relations are with Romania.
Why is it for our own self interest?
So it could last 3 months, how is that not useful?!
I believe that switching Ukraine and Russia's colors would be most accurate
To answer the last question in the original post - no, I don't really feel there is a choice among Bulgarian political parties that matches my views enough to say I support them
He also got the support of the socialists because they had no candidate, but he isn't a member of the party.
My language has a very phonetic up-to-date spelling system and everything is written almost as it sounds
TIL taking territories by breaching international law "makes sense" if you have imported your own people into these territories.
I'm ok with that
Bulgarian:
And those who are not good with languages shouldn't be forced into them
I live in a town right below the fortress and I've never heard of any bears or wolves, or even deer sightings.
Actually Spain is Europe's most forested country after Sweden.
France needs competitive universities
Do you cook it
I mean
Its not perfect, but it wont put you on the right side if you believe in left wing policies.
Ever since its liberation, Greece has defaulted 6 times.
By that logic, if Bulgaria was richer and spoke a different language, it would automatically be excluded from the Balkans
Huh...never thought there are stats for porn search.
There are very few languages I dislike the sound of
|Military|Georgi Sava Rakovski Military Academy|
Honestly, I don't even know why people are still talking about it since it was used only for 30 years in the 9th century before being replaced by the Cyrillic
Yes but from the moon you can easily shoot "[Rods From God]" using Railguns and hit targets on the planet as such making yourself capable of striking everywhere on the globe without having the risk of nuclear winter.
We're basically fucked but what else is new
According to [Wikipedia] you can go to Serbia without a visa.
Lukashenko has annoyed Putin quite a lot, but Putin probably needs him for now
I've got house shoes (sandals) for indoor wear, which I thought was the norm
I would take a guess but honestly can't think of anything that even remotely makes sense
He's actually resigned twice already and got reelected both times
I think I know what is it about....
If I understand you correctly you seem to think, that what France wants, because of some dudes unscientific cherry-picked analysis of older generations, a communist governance
If Turkey was so bogged down in the east, why would they needlessly provoke Greece?
It's really not that hard in Bulgaria
Democratic Bulgaria - coalition that claims to be liberal but main component is DSB, Christian right party
There is also the whole Kosovo thing
"Be careful on the road
Check out what cheap capital/cheap money means.
To go as far as destroy the established and perfectly fine binary gender correlation with sex in human speech is impractical as it serves over 99% of the population.
It seems to be popular in some parts of the world, and people are surprised why, for example, the Japanese consider it rude to enter their home with shoes on.
It is good that unemployment is at the lowest for the last 12 years.
Color me red
2: Is the proposition acceptable
Edit: found one, but it’s definitely a recent forced translation of the English one
Or was that its predecessors the NKVD
Not on EU, but nevertheless this will have profound effects on global politics, climate and what not
It's pretty nice honestly
This sounds to me like "Is it possible do get from New York to Nicaragua using just public buses".
There was a meme yesterday: nobody is allowed to go out
The official pronunciation is "Чекия" in English, I find it utterly hilarious!
Actually at that time storks and swallows arrive and trees start to bloom, so one should tie his martenitsa on a fruit-tree branch or leave it under a stone.
These people know how to sustain themselves in tough times
I have stores and people in the open markets that I prefer to get specific items from.
Most major cities have well preserved ruins, because they were major hubs in the past too - some started by the Romans, others continued from Thracian, Greek or even more ancient settlements
Also, the brand Bulgari derives its name from, you guessed it, the Bulgarian ancestry of its creators
I call bullshit
People should not give much attention to any ranking they post.
He's more of an anti-hero
There was an article about Bulgaria on this sub today.
Благороден - Noble
Romania has pretty good post-communist infrastructure
Our entire language is impossible for foreigners but I feel like this word isn't even that bad
cultures who practice male circumcision are not leftists.
He might have been a communist but his style is simple yet beautiful
According to Wikipedia, you have more:
Islamic revival started roughly 20 to 15 years ago and change the trend in their societies from going to liberal to turning conservative and embracing islamic religious rules.
A new Constitution can only be written and enacted by the Grand National Assembly
Learning is the absolute last thing our system is designed for
Hasn't changed its name since its founding in 681 AD
Bulgaria should be on fire
This is such a kitsch (the funeral) it sounds like it's done for one of our gypsy criminals.
Nah, I was on a train to Plovdiv a few years ago where a group of 14 year-olds were lively discussing it
Horrible shame this great order was destroyed.
Those people don't seem like they value democracy to me.
I would erase all disputed areas.
In what universe is Asian not a race
Suppose the UK does leave, they will still have trade with the EU, which means that they'll still be influenced by decisions and policies by the EU, they just won't have any influence over them whatsoever.
Outside of Europe I'd say Los Angeles disappointed me the most
Check out [International Dialects of English Archive] I've linked to the Bulgarian accents but you can check out your own country's, too
It is simply an outdated organization with little relevance in 2017.
EU must not trade with China or at the very least have appropriate sanctions,  since they are committing genocide
When they reached some part of the woods his officer told him to stop, not make a sound and that they should go back immediately
It said I should bypass levels A1-A2 and should begin a course for B1
I don't think there is hate for Americans.
HOW THERE THEY
I dunno what the logic is any more, at this point I have to assume it's "the more, the merrier".
The conspiracy is often worse than the crime so hopefully that's the case.
true story
I can if they are arguing and talking loudly, but it doesn't bother me.
Today, protest again
if we talk geographically, Slovaks are proud that they are in the middle of Europe.
This time we would rather if we are on the correct side of it.
How’s a white person of Spanish descent different to a white person of French descent, for example
Try again
I think
or maybe you will in which case don't say it cause you're gonna make them blush.
At least countries with large muslim minorities, like my home country, know what sort of problems they might cause and how difficult is to integrate them.
After that people thought he had killed her so the public's opinion turned against him and many court trials were started against him by her mom/father
Ever since then they have been mistrustful of both America and its European allies
Hmm I don't think there's anything good on Bulgarian YouTube sadly
Yes
You let a couple of more videos like the Cologne one get viral, and rational discourse will get even harder than it is now.
I'm really happy to see the people reject it
No, we love you Romatia, you're our inspiration <3
Occasionally, I like a Burgundian or a Dutch start and be stinking rich and conquer the British isles
Oldest friend of Bulgaria
Talking about beautiful girls :D You are probably sick already of this song, but still :D
And i wrote before, Empires are successful multi-ethnic entities.
That's native ottoman attire, you western infidel pig!
Well, authoritarian actions
There are some subjects that are an absolute must and which you cannot cut tho like: Bulgarian language
We are talking specifically about A and you made unproven assertions to what my opinion is on B and then attacked the argument you fabricated and said it proved A was false
I am ... confused
Years of negativity and contempt and you have the audacity to say that we are the ones betraying the friendship.
Meanwhile Jews flee Europe in record numbers and anti-semitism is again on the rise both due to the growing muslim communities, which people like Van der Bellen have supported, whilst those like Hofer oppose.
The last part at least, the first part was pretty reasonable from a certain perspective.
He was probably born here so he is a citizen and has voting rights even if he lives elsewhere.
Well they are using the title ceaser, which they consider to be emperor, Simeon used emperor because he felt as the hegemon of the Balkans and was preparing to take Constantinople and become emperor of both Bulgarians and Romans.
I guess they think that he drank only lemonade from it, no alcohol whatsoever
Of course, we have (so to speak) Western, European values, 'cause we're part of the Old World.
- which are absolutely far, far more difficult to fully assimilate and more prone to violent Islamism than the above.
Very disappointed that no Bulgarian has decided to organise a demonstration
Source : Bulgarian
He had a pivotal role in reigniting the cultural identity of the Bulgarians by reacquainting them with their history
Wut, I didn't know that
I don't think we'll be able to come up with a much better definition of wealth than the current one.
The supplier will try more and more questionable ways to squeeze money out of the buyer and the buyer will still buy like a sheep
There was a house near the river in my town that collapsed due to it.
The question is, would you as an EU citizen support an EU-wide initiative to stimulate the improvements of neighbouring member connections as the Benelux has - the option of fast, high speed/high capacity passenger+freight corridors
Istanbul
Even if you learned to read Cyrillic, it wouldn't make much difference if you didn't study the languages
In fact such a conjecture has the nice touch of being unprovable really
They've paid a lot of attention on tourism and making it overall pretty neat and tidy
Using e-cigarettes indoors is illegal in some EU member states.
Yep, we produce millions of masks, rubbing alcohol and other vital things right here at home
ActEuropa is a movement fighting for a strong and sovereign Europe in an uncertain world.
That's why I just prepare the things I'll need for the day in the morning and keep them in my backpack
Who needs rednecks when you've got [gypsies] (NSFW)
"Where would my soul go, where should I hide my tears
smacks lips
It will open *at some point*.
Like nature/countryside in Russia.
There are streets named after him in Greece, for example
Half of Western Europe would be just as fascist as the US if this were the case.
At the base of the hill where the place is, there is this *cheshma* (water fountain, looking like something like [this] where no healthy person would drink from, but they would go there at sunset to leave baskets with food for their sick loved ones for the next day
Trust me on this one
Will the muslims have any other choice?
Sounds more like "ability to project culture".
You can't rely on the whims of the American public during their latest election to always be in Europe's best interest
I think they have some available now
Bulgarian Muslims are Turks who are secular and drink alcohol and eat pork.
There are incentives to get them in schools, universities, jobs and so on.
Pro: really cheap
geshev fabricates evidence
And we also can't do anything useful with the current parliament
Even tho the photographs were taken in Romania pretty much all of them apply to Bulgaria too.
Redditing Bulgarians seem pretty chill
First mention of the Bulgars is somewhere in the 430s. There's like 50 theories on the stuff before that
Many have migrated to the states.
I for one would love to see this happen.
Skewed was the wrong word to use, I completely agree with you.
How else do you eat cucumber
Half the population actually want PiS in charge
All police here have pistols,  but it's quite rare to see someone with bigger gun like rifle or other weapon
Legit hope Biden is going to keep Trump's demand for NATO members to spend 2% of their GDP on defence
This sad
Also i didn't vote for either of those in the 1st tour today.
Yeah, same one
The Polish solidarity movement, the Ukrainian maidan, the fall of the Berlin wall - those are all things that would have never happened if people were only allowed to assemble in their own private apartments and not on the public streets and squares of their cities.
But we do love the jews though ️
The structure and order in your country has inspired me to bring some of that here
After a couple of passes that was that; no words uttered
Hmm
We should cancel google for assuming genders
So why isn't Britain offering them to an EU tour
They were rich as fuck
I mean I'm thankful for her presence honestly.
What the fuck guys
On their whim you live or die, you lose your territory or you keep it.
Cool
I believe I made that reference more towards the people who would classify themselves as Bulgarians, citizens of Bulgaria, living on Bulgarian soil permanently, but as soon as some crap like this breaks out, you get to hear them praising how great Erdogan, particular politician or party is and on the contrary bashing some of the politics of Bulgaria.
Russians do not understand other Slavic languages AT ALL, in my experience, with some of the people I've met (who work with other Slavic people all the time
Problem was, of course, that there are a lot of people could not give less of a shit about memes
Then he will accept refugees ....
Also the increasing costs of living despite working a good job with a good salary is becoming absurd
Otherwise, in Geography we studied different religions
Idk, it's not that easy, otherwise I would apply this picosecond for it
The rest of the world hasn't forgotten Germanies past
Terschelling
Interestingly enough a sizeable chunk of what is said in literature from that time can be applied to modern Bulgaria
Don't get me wrong, there's a big Turkish minority here, but *I am from the region,* I can assure you the Turkish language is still not the majority language, and that's by an absolutely astonishingly huge margin
Our economy was the strongest in the Balkans (tho heavily tied to Germany)
Dude you guys are our brothers
Come on, artist ladies of r/Bulgaria
By the way - this is [said gate] It lists the names of those of the 29th Infantry Regiment who died in WWI and the Balkan wars
It's really just that the mutual intelligibility is very uneven - speakers of one language understand the others more so than they understand them back
Uh we aren't bankrupt yet
Our parents/grandparents badger us constantly about it, but realistically they know that things happen slower than they did in their time
The communist apocaliptic poordom made it rather profitable
You convince other countries to take them via diplomacy and throwing money and other shit at them.
Hong Kong still has own currency, own legislation, own rules, sticks to capitalistic market economy and so on.
Allies warn that Republican plan ‘definitely not compatible’ with global trade rules
In my eyes Boyko declared war 2 times so far + those cops should be dead by now
The president of an official EU candidate country receiving millions in aid said this
I come from the region with the highest rate of depopulation in the EU - Northern Bulgaria.
I watched documentary film about this
That way you are actually *understandable* while using english...
It's just as ignorant as americans saying they invented pizza
I know right, it literally made me laugh out loud
Exactly
And here are some modern chalga songs which are emberassing:
Yes
I'm not saying there's no corruption, and we shouldn't express our *rights* in the democratic process - but that these protests began after a legitimate investigation concerning our president having classified documents in his posesion - while not having the respective military clearance
You may have perfected it but you did not invent it
Nope, a Liberal in Europe is centre-right and this won't change no matter how much you like american terminology.
I personally want Briquit to happen as soon as possible.
edit: I was reminded by other comments about the existence of the ethics classes, however this is taught in the same vein as philosophy, psychology etc
Of course, everybody I know does
We were late to the party and we started with ADSLs and optics from the start :) Germany as an early adopter had an inherited infrastructure
You already said what it means in English, then
It will happen naturally as we strengthen them.
> бабка - dragonfly (ukr)
Way too much traffic and public transport is almost non-existent
Haha...i took the shot last fall, and i am still alive :P
I guess that's what happens when your friends jokingly introduce you to such music and then listen to it nonstop with you ""for the lols"" huh
Prepaeing for university exams in school is impossible unless your school is specialised in what you want to study
I'm keeping notes for a potential vacation :P
How can a tiny region such as Tansnistria rake up such a massive debt?
Communism
So you want me to defend the Bulgarian nationalistic crap about how terrible the Ottomans were?
Sofia's GDP per capita PPP is already on par with France
The same idea might be good in the eyes of the Brits and bad in the eyes of the French
Dutch people don't sweat, got it
Big mistake
Thank you
I am not going to be able to find my little guy after going into such cold water probably lol.
In the mountains there were no social boundaries - rich said hello to the peasents and so did the peasants
Serbia is part of China's "Belt and Road" initiative, and CCP are exploiting that fact to the max
Patrick's day here are basically massive outside college parties taking up whole neighborhoods with a parade
Ministries don't need logos, the German one is far better as the information is always recognisable
We do get people, in small numbers, who move here from abroad
They both had a system where the popular power was technically supreme but an aristocratic council (the Lords in the UK, the Senate in Rome) held significant power as well and could, for a long portion of those nations history act as a check on the people.
It is uncommon, but not exactly rare to find people who have studied Polish, Czech or Hungarian as well as Scandinavian languages
Vinetka
Well, the charter is kind of a law.
A progressive tax system for companies is good news, and some workers rights are absurd or badly made
Do you think such insane prices are actually good for the local people?
Does every political party leader in Turkey have a song dedicated to them?
When the Russians took Dobruja from US and gave it to the Romanians in exchange for Bessarabia
But I feel like while we're not progressive on these issues by any means, at least people who violently oppose the 'third gender' are not taken seriously
I am in IT: we don’t have a union
You are confusing Pskov with [Pechory]
Yes
Ah, the good old days when you could walk amidst hundreds of people without the danger of contracting a deadly virus
They taught us both geographical definition and topographic in the early 00s. Greenland is still Danish, but it is considered part of the North American landmass
With his views he would have probably ended up like Stambolov - hero to some, villain to others and likely assassinated
Yes, trading under WTO agreement is the most obvious and the most logical option here.
The point is to ultimately bring back European Muslims who are going to be forced out to Middle East, I suppose, and start a Caliphate there
The view from a street in Sofia, Bulgaria.
I still remember the childish understanding of it all that I had, we were rich, they were poor and they had suffered a lot and them joining the EU was because we were going to all work together to make life better for each other.
I am asking the easterners on their opinions of the westerners after we see growing nationalism and populism in the west, and if the easterners still sympathetic towards westerners.
The only good monarchs are dead monarchs
Imagine, the owner of the workshop could not find anyone of the island to work with such machines.
Nazis
China  - we call it Kitai (Китай)
Try out some Kerkrade or "kierkroois"
tradition
That's why Macedonia changed its name again, so they can pleasure Greece and they wouldn't stop them from joining the EU
Trump isn't keeping his promises, Boris didn't mean even mean them.
I am diving in though, send help if I am not back soon!
(There are selective classes, and college is optional
I was staying with him
1,000,000,000,000,000 - квадрилион (quadrillion)
In addition to gerginborisov's answer the rules for reading them out have nothing special 12489 would be read as twelve thousand fourhundred eighty nine
Unless a corrupt, meddling government regulates unfairly that competition to preserve the corrupting company's monopoly.
This argument is already bringing tension to any conversation about Turks.
I really like this for some reason can you make more in this style
Also the texture will be the same
But that might be the case only here, I don't know
Put another mom/stroller in
I personally view them all as Brits, tourists that drink huge amounts of alcohol in all sorts of locations on the globe, and getting loud and noisy while drunk.
In other news [Turkey will freeze new government investments
Imagine I posted Joey meme
* Boiling jars with fruits or veggies over an open fire
You skipped everything I said and how the poor aren't actually taxed more
Federalisation is the goal to pursue as far as I am concerned, but I dont believe we are close to ready for it.
I'd put Bulgaria in worrying results
The hypocrisy is just bewildering
Go sell your lies to someone who is too naive to fall for it
A poor family living in a village where they grow their own food and need children to help with the work would be a different story.
When I visited Berlin I was like a kid in a candy shop: I love trains and Berlin was like an overdose :D
Yes
Letter to America (2000)
We have curd (izvara) but it's mostly associated with diets and weight loss.
[Zheravna]
Haha...i lived on a Greek island.
This is completely unrelated to federalisation
Population here is concerned mostly duo to the fact that our health care is almost non existent even in peaceful times and it would easily collapse if something like Italy happens here
I truly hope your optimistic view of a declining population is true, as the massive decline in ours is seen in almost apocalyptic terms in our society, and i personally s truggle to find a silver lining.
Fast forward some years, the kid finds out he's adopted and finds his biological family - very happy he has siblings now
Type C is actually designed for what it does
There are no news in any of the minority languages as well as none of the languages are taught in schools.
A game where you are a bulgarian rebel (haidutin) who fights the ottomans
I just learned about this on the morning news
Fuck Summer
There are like 3 established rankings and everything else is irrelevant.
There are plenty of muslims that live in that area.
Sorry, but that just seems like bad reading comprehension to me.
Things are improving, though, and people are rising to the middle class as of late so let's see for how long we'll be lagging behind still
They usually come for the jobs that these people's predecessors had or their names
Okay
If both parties can not shake their hands, the City will decline as it'll lose EU working passport, and financial institutions will have to move part their business operations out of the UK.
I also studied abroad and no one ever questioned the quality of my unversity, people always say "you went abroad, obviously your education is much better". I actually agree that it is better but people rarely put it to a test which I find weird
It is not true that Bulgaria did not have control, and the cabinet was enthusiastic in its service to the Reich
It's hard  to feel lack of something in you language
This reminds me of *The Good Place* and how they said Fork because they couldn't say Fuck
For example as this article deals with internal British problem, think it would of been better to be posted on UK sub.
So being proud of their "whiteness" comes off as racism, instead of being proud of whatever their actual origins are - german, irish, polish, italian
Our middle and last names usually end in -ov for men, -ova for women
Bulgaria's GDP the same as Tunisia.
People usually confuse when to use a subject 'the' and when to use a non-subject 'the', but it doesn't depend on if the word is new or not
I don't understand why this concept is so hard for people to understand.
We know that automatic filters are really, really bad at discerning what actually constitutes copyright infringement, but if you're just an old guy who can barely send an e-mail you'd probably think "check uploaded things for copyright infringement
Well, she's an idiot
For whatever reason we saw that usually lots of forests are on mountains, so we started calling forests гори (plural)
Funny thing is, they tried to do the same bullshit propaganda with the Netherlands
I was in 6th grade :D
Moscow is huge and though cars are more comfortable and convenient if you usual route is unusual, public transport is way more reliable
North Macedonia
You also get the 2 extremes from immigration, cheap labor and the most educated ones.
It could be a "south vs north" thing.
For example: a ticket from my hometown to Sofia (the capital), a trip that typically takes about 4 and a half hours by car, would take 6 hours and 10 minutes by train, but would only cost about €10, or €5 with the discount
I mean I'm sure Germany has its fair share of billionaires.
Sorry but i do not see any national pride of using a measurement system which all of your former colonies changed to the metric one.
The Italians didn't have a Myslim overlord though, so their story is a bit different
I worry about all of the little kids who are out breathing this in on these days without a mask
Romanians like to compare themselves with Bulgaria.
The issue is people don't believe it because they can't see it with their own eyes.
I recall we learned a bit about the Cold War and tension between the West and the Soviet Union during the end of the last year, but it didn't go in depth and was the last thing we learned about, so most people weren't even paying attention anymore cause they had the necessary amount of grades.
I think it's quite common
So although we say, studied the Huns, it was mostly in relation to Rome
Outlawing all forms of shouting because of the extreme one would be both idiotic and highly oppressive though.
Portugal now officially an EE country :P
Someone who praises a criminal like Soros is not someone I will call a fellow citizen.
Well i don't think most Bulgarians would think of their country as "The West", but we are certainly more westernized, and part of the western sphere now (EU, NATO).
Nobody in the south speaks English
The tap water in Plovdiv is good in my opinion
Soros was right when he said in Davos that the EU is in the process of disintegration.
Some Bulgarians sound like babies too but for a different reason - they pronounce a lot of Ls as W. They can say the L sound in Listen but not in "flowing". So they literally say things like "hewwo" and "fwowing" and "wike" (like)
Yep, the most probable way to achieve a independent Palestine or the so called "two state solution" is a land swap that includes the major settlements such as Beitar Illit, Modin Illit, Ariel and a few others.
Now Russia got accused for 4 other intentional looking  explosions at  two of our arms companies and apparently the Salisbury duo were touring the country at the same time as some of the accidents
As far as I am concerned the latin ones sound the best, especially french and italian.
Cyprus leaders agree to resume peace talks
Not everyone has that choice
For hiking in Bulgaria, [BG Mountains] is king
And we basically don't talk about this anymore
In this context we're very, very stupid
Hence why a peaceful society protect the right of property, to avoid that conflict.
He doesn't just "state" it without doing it.
When Finland has higher temperatures than Hungary
Most of these brand names didn't really became words for the producrts due to popularity, but because they were the first brands to offer said product in Bulgaria
Mix in some Mongols and it's complete
As a Bulgarian
Kъртицата рови (kartitsata rovi) - the mole is digging
As for Botev, I won't argue anymore
6% in favor (yeah right) and made a communist/Soviet puppet state, but some people say they liberated us, like wtf again
Something like wolfenstein but not Sci-fi
The Jews in Bulgaria had a pretty bad time during the war (forced labor for men, property confiscations) but almost all of them avoided deportation and survived
I have never EVER eaten cooked cucumber
The coming of Cyril and Methodius' students to Bulgaria
Yeah the people in the article lived in a house which was deemed unsafe in 2005 and the contract with the government ended, after that they lived there without paying for anything, it's common for gypsies, one winter some gypsies broke into a house my parents inherited from their grand grand parents in a small mountain village and stole absolutely everything there was to be stolen, i don't have much pity for these people
And while the kids are learning about pre-history you should start teaching them about evolution in science classes (maybe the yearly program from MON is already like that, I haven't checked it in a couple of years)
Seriously, what's up with that?
Sorry but they are very international people so they are your gypsies now.
Usually in the city there are the the tall buildings and then on the outskirts there are the houses, generally speaking.
Even SU has significant problems in some faculties
Russia gone very anti-LGBT in the last decade and back then it was on a verge of passing a law to take away adopted kids form LGBT people
Such a personal union has certainly been proposed before, although I'm not sure if it ever happened
I mean, a Bulgarian can, on theory, go there, but there's nothing to do there and nobody goes.
For example my dad found some old weapons
Да, не сме като Скандинавците :)
Well I guess it's EU solidarity at play
It is very easy to advocate for this and that from a distance and located in cozy, well organized and relatively wealthy place.
Bulgaria can't into Schengen :(
I honestly don't know
When I did my Erasmus in Milano, the only people in the advanced course for Italian, outside of people who had studied it before, were Spanish students
I don’t know about the country as a whole but the town where I live(Pirdop, it’s a fairly small town about 80 km to the east of Sofia) has a fairly large amount of strays
The oral contraceptive pill
Bulgaria, parliament parties:
How come you're learning Bulgarian
He was half-German, maybe that explains it
And hitting them isn't discipline
Just like they will give cash to the NHS?
Fuck yeah
Looks like even Erdogan was impressed by how Trump put that reporter in his place /s.
good stuff
If that happened Bulgaria would have been the first country voluntarily joining to the USSR
you know it is pronounced F-O-O-T-B-A-L-L
Made a wall and made the EU pay for it.
And Russia's losing its shit
We use the word pishtov (gun) for it
Can you please do a large post with this data for all the EE ex-communist countries, so we can compare
Imagine Spain reduced to Castile alone after a century of occupation and genocide and then asked to be grateful for that.
As long as they receive money from the EU and as long as they have to contribute less than they take - they will be a EU member.
Can someone point towards a more reputable source pls?
Now its decreasing even faster.
The EU office is giving more benefits
Oceania is not a continent - Australia is and Oceania contains Australia, the Pacific islands and New Zealand
My niece for example, doesn't really grasp the concept of a Bulgarian citizen, denied access to a Western European country
Of course, my female friends have it a bit tougher
The waiters/waitresses start as 6 pm and finish after the last client's gone.
My mother is a small door that sells companies to the state for debtz.
Hey
Still, Eastern Europeans need to get their shit together and build up their armed forces as a response to Russian posturing (or in the case of Ukraine and Georgia, outright aggression).
And the Japanese invading from the east would have been the biggest logistical nightmare of all time (for the invaders), there was no practical reason for committing hundreds of thousand of troops for the defense of Siberia with the Germans being a much more obvious threat
Patriotism is rising and as they believe Russia was humiliated by the west, they turn into a revisionist society.
Don't think the results that survey are very representative for my country.
I wish Bulgaria was on that list too.
If you ask some right-wing Turkish Cypriots, they will probably say it was a terrible deal for them too.
I don't see any correlation between percentage of births outside of marriage and quality of life.
Western Europe has nowhere to get enough numbers of muslims to cause a Palestine style conflict, other than Africa.
He's attempting to interfere in internal British problems.
[Shiroka laka] or [Koprivshtitsa]
If you think a bunch people (corporation) are doing something wrong, it doesn't mean you want to delete from the face of the planet, all it means is, wouldn't be nice if they stopped doing this shady thing.
What is a regular salad supposed to be?
Haiduti
If you are a victim of a far-right hate crime you should be protected by being moved as far as possible away from the threat.
No need for /s, Poland needs to get its shit together
I can hear the Bulgarian accent ...
Hey at least you have a nice square with statues.
The actions needed for a society to prosper are not always populsit, in fact they rarely are
This is not even whatabautism, just plain stupidity.
It wasn't a dig at the Moldovan identity
it all depends on bargaining power and the will of the Tories to stand up for themselves.
The newest one is just from july 1991, created after the communist dictatorship.
Edit: other examples I can think of right now are Jeep and Pampers
Your local version of brexit
And once again, in direct negotiations UK is weaker than the US.
I went to a sauna in Helsinki and it was so fun
I’d say “Google it” but that will be a very sad search
I don't know about the rest of the Balkans but in Bulgaria it is custom to invite people on your birthday, but on your name day people are meant to ivite themselves and you can't turn them away
I've met quite many greek-americans on the island.
Four Die, Many Injured in Blast after Rail Accident in Bulgaria's Hitrino
That's what's so odd about brexit, they not only want to leave the EU but also make it sound as if they don't want to be a part of the continent in cultural terms
Trust me, I've already been through this rabbit hole.
Otherwise why bother to go and vote in elections if later 10 000 people can demand resignations and change the government as they wish
Ah my bad
Even if I were a Turk and an AKP supporter I would still vote "No".
Remember the Great Charger Soup of the 2000s? Yeah how did that stifle innovation
I hate to be that guy...but who does the classification of terrorist threat?
Most countries have their own style and have perfected it
Maybe with Australia and New Zealand, but not with the States.
Try some suicidal depression and tell me then if you still think that way about physically healthy people with depression wanting euthanasia
Sure he's controversial (he was a communist as well) but you have to learn how read beyond that and judge it as according to the times he lived in as opposed to the times we live in now
Of course no rule is absolute, but looking at the map i see a definite correlation.
Not a big fan of Spanish and romance languages in general, although French and Italian are the better sounding among those.
They were guerilla fighters during Ottoman times
Manual - yes, I'm taking about text on the surface on electronics
I'll also openly admit I'm biased, since I generally have problems with copyright law, anyway
Camped there with the buddies in 2011, barely remember a thing from smoking so much weed
minus China - they've not yet got the memo about that meeting being rescheduled
Medicine also
Bulgaria had a lot of them - typically simple village folk having enough of Turkish repression and taking up arms
fuuucking I was really enjoying the cool and rainy summer I've been having here in Germany
" Sometimes to joke with the nationalists, sometimes like a nostalgia in a funny context
Just to remind you every day about the criminal and primitive regime that you had and the (literally) human cost of sustaining it - GULAGs, repressions and wars
The truth is always the worst
Interestingly enough a sizeable chunk of what is said in literature from that time can be applied to modern Bulgaria
WE WUZ SPACE N SHIET BEFORE ARMSTRONG AND DEM WESTERN HOMOS EVER GOT ROUND TO IT
Yeah I don't think we ever will be either
I get what you're referring to but I see a horde of zombies with that light and postures
If NATO were really offensive most of the world would be under it probably
I left city life and my homecountry and move to small, rural place abroad and never felt sorry for my choice even though i speak 4 languages and use 3 alphabets which gives me very good opportunities to find some sort of desk job.
Seen the same rooms here
With **Slovene** it's 35% to 40%, it's very similar to Serbian but there's so many words that throw me off
To get an idea of what kind of moron we are talking about, when he was opening a factory for semi-conductors, he famously said: "Comrades, this year we are making semi-conductors, but next year we will be making full conductors!"
Pls come get them all i believe if your government ask we will even gather money to buy them the tickets
I shared the map because you said that surely visiting the UK in the future will be the same as visiting the non-EU countries and it would just require a visitor visa
Bulgaria isn't transcontinental, we are pure mongol
I think they had even started organizing festivals around it
How many communists/Marxists march for Independence?
The more you look at the picture the worse it gets
Ha, take that all you countries and foreign politicians accusing Bulgaria and Bulgarians of receiving too much EU funds and stealing a lot of EU money.
Ironic considering next year it will be even further under water
It is not cultural border, Russians live on both sides of Ural, and they share the same culture.
Честно казано то тва и в английския работи пък и не виждам как е минус.
Like you guys tend to be super used to your own personalised notions of normality and you aproach new things starting from the American perspective, not from a "blank slate" perspective
If you have heard only polish, maybe.
Sure, nobody's saying it's *good* but there's nothing wrong to like it lmao
We definitely have words that come from Latin.
Such deals are not covered by WTO agreement and not part of any trade deals.
Europe is a colony to the great Brazilian super power
I was born way after '89 so this history is nothing to me
[The Red Church near Perushtitsa] \- of late Roman, early Byzantine origin
Regardless, we arrive at the entrance and I walked up to pay
Hate the country, love the nation.
Greece went through a lot and it is during such times that nazism rises
Edit: I do appreciate the fact that EU leaders have been able to reach an agreement, though, it felt like a pretty tough fight
The whole world should get rid of these fucking (non-cosmetic) microtransactions
You are grasping for straws the whole tread, sad stuff.
I think it would be very good for the poorer countries.
Of course they are not as racists as the extremes showed in the pictures, but still somehow suspicious towards blacks and anyone else with an accent.
Yes there are skyscrapers but they don't overshadow the look of the mountain
It's not some "white power,people with darker skin are inferior" thing
It's mostly sad but also, life goes on
Most of them sure sound like his mouthpieces.
So much linguistic and cultural heritage and diversity was lost with the Arab and Turkic conquests into the Mid East and Africa.
Tsar Boris asks them to create literary school in Ohrid and Preslav (Pliska at first)
Thank you Albania, for having such nice people who are so kind and hospitable even when you are abroad
That was revised today down to 2.0% too.
Latin, though it isn't used many languages have their roots set in Latin
Much lower compensation, though in comparison to Germany and Britain.
This is obvious, a lack of skilled workers is creating production bottlenecks and snarling up supply chains
You mean the Byzantine empire
My god she speaks Bulgarian awful both grammatical and oral
To force a singular Bulgarian identity and make people love the country which is just codeword for the ruling regime (BKP at the time)
7th one is "how do I make my own sanitizer"
How do people working in offices deal with the sweat from the bike ride
To participate and help shape our movement, subscribe and act - for Europe!
In our constitution it says "between a man and a woman" :(
We have it in Bulgarian and it's more like the one who brightens the world
It's basically a social program for Chinese workers and companies that someone else pays for
That means there will be a difference between how EU citizens visit the UK and how they visit the countries in green
You takes them off near your bed
The EU has enough problems of it's own to solve.
All nouns have genders, all others' words genders are based on the given nouns
As some other people said - the entitlement of some native English speakers is definitely something to roll our eyes at
But ice cream is meant to be somewhat processed and sugary
Going house to house and asking for candy is not a thing at all though.
There might be hope for them yet.
If online games with loot boxes have taught me anything about life it's that the market will never self regulate itself
so it would seem very scary for someone to come here.
It doesn't matter if they respect learning because they're NOT learning
I've read about multiple such cases in our Black Sea resorts, particularly Sunny Beach
The act as if they are, they talk as if they are, but somehow they in their heath of hearts they are not feeling it strong enough for some people.
For some of our parties it's not a joke
Their market share is pretty small even in the US
Now there's no one to shit on
You can't fund islamists against an islamist country
Rock-Hewn Churches of Ivanovo - A complex of rock-hewn churches, chapels, monasteries and cells developed in the vicinity of the village of Ivanovo
That is why they stay in Bulgaria.
Or Hitler's for that matter
well, none of your neighbors have Tatratea
That's what I've been drinking for the past 4-5 years
And is this a rhetorical question?
Third example is from an Italian guy I think he has been living here for 30 years, it feels like he has been living here for only a year
Boulevard vitosha is great for shopping
now Bulgarian (native), English and learning German
Someone must've been hungry, judging by the plates on the table.
Hell yeah I do
This data makes us looks racist as hell
Looks suspiciously similar to Veliko Tarnovo
ever heard or read such expression - would of been nice - it is not british english by the way.
I'm a CompSci student in the UK and there are so many Romanians in the department that people joke that most students will end up learning Romanian from exposure in the 4 years of study
Coudn not give less of a fuck about jesus on the cross.
Islam is the exact opposite of progressive.
During the second semester we studied Ancient Thrace/Dacia, Ancient Greece (or well, the Minoans, Ionians, then followed by the various Greek city-states such as Sparta or Athena), Macedonia under Alexander the Okay and its fall, and Ancient Rome and its fall
Sekund, I'm uzing the "u" preh-seed-et end fowoud by ah consonant lettur too meik the „Ъ (ъ)“ lettur's saund
If you want to do business with another country you don't care that that $1 billion Russia is offering is worth $4 billion in Russia because you'll be spending it in your own country where a Russian billion is worth just as much as an Italian billion.
The part that lived on for another 1000 years?
It's a skill
It is you thinking you're so special that everybody else is worried about your exit.
One guy at a train station actually spat on the floor and asked me not to speak Russian to him again, that's when I realised people may have different feelings about what a given language means to them.
Central heating in a city failed and people could not warm their houses up.
Last year they had a drought and new pipes were layed from some other water source
Celsius and Kelvin are the only useful measurements.
Those countries were evidently great and powerful nations, without peers in their time.
And if I may add, because you mentioned the Fascist regime - while it is an extremely repulsive regime, they were right about one thing - you can be proud of your country's history
Plus they share the common backgrounds like Catholic, Language,
cut off bulgaria from it and i am fine
That’s a kick ass bike
There were 2 guys named Evlogi and Hristo Georgievi
They know about our mind controlling pickles!!!
Again comment here also for a better explanation
People here are freaking rude man wtf
I really hate dictators but wouldn't sticking with Lukashenko be the smart thing here?
The first part of that statement is a fact, the second part is just wishful thinking
So a man perfectly equal to you in every other way pays a certain amount less than you and gains an undeserved benefit over you
That we are thieves
Thanks EU
>Pupils’ chances of escaping their socio-economic background are smaller in France than in any of the other 71 countries surveyed
How do you know what I know about Poland?
However, Russian society must get over those events that happened more than 70 years ago.
* Tsvetelin(a)
Bruh that reminds me of some epic 17th century RPG
Fuck Summer
Maybe you should keep it like that and try targeting specific groups, like hikers, mountain bikers, people that love trekking and other related activities.
You're right
It is good that the pound has gained strength.
It seems the taxes are the same as they were 2 years ago
Egypt, Assyria, Babylon, Persia, Greece, Rome
- ясла (yasla) - it's for babies from one to three years old, I think.
Obviously there are actual reasons why this could look good on paper, espacially since this contains a lot more than just articles 11 & 13
Its a joke abuse of the law but that is the problem, the law needs change.
This is for oven cooking, has a few hobs on top and can also heat the entire house by heating water which is circulated to radiators using a pump
We all know she's gonna live forever lmao
Cus if your citizens are dirt poor you better convince them that spending money on large projects instead of feeding them is a good thing
Or people there don't differentiate between keeping traditions and being religious.
Pretty much the reason neither Germany, nor Russia have recovered from these wars demographically even to this day
Ayyy, you'll be able to join the club of 5 people and a cow
Yes, and I'm pointing out that the conduct of the countries I gave is nothing like the German one in both their attempts at gaining hegemony over the world.
It started as a hippie thing opposing the socialist regime in the 60’s/70’s but it became widespread and is a very popular tradition to this day
What if it's a bit harder to get in to university if your education is overall better
the problem is a) kids for many obvious reasons and b) people with mental gambling problems
As someone not living in Bulgaria currently, whenever I go back home, I’m always pleasantly surprised by our diary
Also, the made up part can only be a part of the story, as usual.
I've never been to Spain, never spoken/read/heard Spanish and I've seen Spanish only on TV for like a bit, a couple of phrases or something like that
You forgot Christo, the famous artist, even though many people don't even know he is Bulgarian.
Dude, i wouldn't be waiting for retirement to move if i have to squeeze myself in such a small place that costs arm and leg.
Yep I remember those times in elementary school older kids would call the police and say that there is a bomb in the school so they don't do the test that day
Oh for fuck sake
They name their children w/e they feel like.
That is how you create euroskeptics
Yes, it is sad that a building with so much history, having endured a lot and inspired so many people is burning down, but think about it
Why did I have to use to 3-rd party websites to get the information about tax in France
The 2017 aftermovie of the biggest EDM festival - Tomorrowland, which is hosted in **Belgium**, got a copystrike from
Teemu Pukki will beat that record this season
Here its dark in 17:40 ~ 17:50 and we are almost on the frikin Mediterranean
Sometimes I think that this is /r/romania...
Yeah sounds amazing
Hristo Botev: poet, teacher and revolutionary fighter
Wow, that's insanely expensive for just an upgrade of 28km
Least problematic neighbors, better at fighting corruption than we are
The old city is surrounded by a massive fortification from the Romans
Typically, 6 - 7 classes a day is the norm, and now they also have shifts
Lol
Some gipsy women work on government programs where they're paid to sweep and clean the streets.
Also maybe he should stop helping SA military?
In my city (Stats Zagira, Bulgaria) a former military base has been made into a public park, with a skate park and indoors sports arena being constructed right now
But gursts who aren't really my closest friends won't even consider going anywhere near my fridge, nor I - theirs
I support this
In Turkey it's "the Western Part".
It really is something special to see people as delusional as you.
Depends
After that is hard to tell but I think it is the Turkish party - the former chairman of the party was kicked out of the party (not just leadership) **unanimously** after issuing declaration of support to Erdogan for shooting down the Russian plane.
That is the first time I see someone put Rome in the south.
And you'll be too weak if isolationism prevails in the US and former communist states once again become Russian zone of influence.
The trucks usually take 7 days to get here, this last one is still in the UK 4 days later
They're not in the EU, so no legal channels on that end either
At least the vast majority of the Slavic population there used to identify as such and speak Bulgarian before the Yugoslav nation-building process.
The deal with Turkey did little and was mostly used for making life easier for Greece.
The meaning is something like:"If you don't do -insert something here- I'm going to slap you"
The police said the driver died at the scene.
> That doesn't excuse the stupidity and gullibility of the voters, the individuals
When I'm at home , I lock it before I go to bed,  otherwise its aways unlocked when I'm inside
Well if we don't start having more children, then we'll go extinct.
And it probably won't last that long
For an outside learner it is really close to Italian, trust me
And because my school was *infuriating*, you were **not** allowed to leave early, ever
If Turkey intended to annex Cyprus, it would have done that a long time ago.
But the US is more dangerous than a lot more countries, which will surprise people
Interesting values we have in Bulgaria
First of all, Brexit hasn't happened yet, so nobody knows what the real impact will be.
By your logic I'm also entitled to a hotel as a fundamental right as well as an Xbox since well, I worked for 40 hours a week and rich people can afford it too
16-17C and lower is a cold room for me
It was one of the few car models Bulgarians were allowed to buy, so - yeah
Hey, we're now westerners with the Serbians
Greece's debt crisis is an endless story with no light at the end of the tunnel.
In addition to that, the mob presence is stronger in everyday life than other cities, from what friends have told me
Actual combing
The thing is Trump has been president for just a month and a half and he's already calling the media "enemy of the people" and is questioning the judiciary branch's right to oppose him.
Doesn't matter anyway, they were a super small minority that completely vanished between all the Thracian and slavic cultural amalgamation.
There's nothing in practice that you can do to prevent losing all of those should someone there chose to press a button.
And this is not just about the Baltics as I said.
interesting considering I am from Bulgaria and I have never heard/seen a custom for having Rapunzel level braids
It's an awkward thing to do especially for half of the passengers which are on the back
If someone told me that 20 years ago, i would of thought he has to be send to a mental hospital.
- read your comment
Why
Got more pictures of flowering plants taken on the island of Karpathos, as well as pictures while hiking the mountains.
Ok fair point, in my language the word that translates as 'brag' doesn't mean that what one claims about himself is not true, if that's the case with English, I should have used another word
Well
It will be tough in Cyprus as Turks are stubborn, but it can be done.
That's actually interesting question for geography nuts - what is the impact on global climate if some country were water - Russia being the largest by a hefty margin would probably have the biggest impact
Well i hope they do, because that's for the best
And when we get richer, thanks in part to EU funds, we get to consume a lot more Western goods, stimulating their economies again
Real sad Dutch noises
It is disrespectful to those who were killed and to those whose family members were killed
Also we don't love the topic about Macedonia (North Macedonia)
Be prepared for low temperatures, long winters, snow storms and short summers :P
He named it after his teacher who had died at the time
Also, if you filter out most of the (subjectively) useless stuff you definitely have enough time for an IT course
My favorite accents are the Australian accent and the Southern American accent.
Then why the Tunisian terrorist was in Germany after he was declined status?
Не за “For crying out loud”. Как изобщо може някой да реши че това е в едно и също полукълбо с верния превод?
Weird that we even have any
Under his new tax plan more people will be included in free healthcare and more money will be given to hospitals
Most of the problems, as usual, come from prejudice and lack of knowledge.
we have one side of the private workers that complain about higher taxes and on the other we have government workers complaining about low salaries
And Kosovo closer to Nigeria than to Serbia.
" even though I don't like all the parties in their coalition
(There were activities like baseball, baking, talent show, treasure hunt, etc)
Get this propaganda out of here Putler!
Although Moon Iron also sounds really cool!
The shit we got in Eastern Europe was far, far better than actual Marxist Communism.
Most of the politicians are ex-members of the communist party, that was dictatorial before the democracy.
I can guess where they are generally from based on area - those being the UK, Western Europe, Northern Europe, Eastern Europe and the Balkan area
Yes, there are stray dogs everywhere especiallyin big citiessuch as Sofia, Plovdiv,  Pernik etc
For me it has to be [this] It's a harvest song from Thrace
Here in my country we laughed because a person of his position married his teacher
Your mouth is just used to pronouncing things a certain way
No it doesn't. Yes both have tall buildings, wow
Favourability doesn't mean you actually want to leave it.
It follows QWERTY again
Considering that one Bulgarian lev is like a billion liri ot doesn't sound good
hmm one thing is not like the others.
I bet you personally have a whole lot of goals that i can easily dismiss as not worthwile for the betterment of humanity, but to you personally, in your own world and microasm they are.
Your point has nothing to do with the subject and does not change the fact that Turkey is not a European country
The facts are established when the police reports them.
I live in North America, which does help explain my surprise and delight
It has got little to do with racism.
Because that's not what NM people say
I am not proud of the persecution of Bulgarian Turks done by my country, but when it is a question of putting of a dumbfuck like yourself in his place, the facts are the ones speaking better.
It's worse in smaller towns, I think
I want to LIVE in Barcelona but I don't have that choice at the moment
Do they think our parents worked so hard to build a house just for themselves?
Every travel vlog about Bulgaria focuses on Sofia, the Rila Monastery and Plovdiv and sometimes - Veliko Tarnovo
Milk the karma for all it's worth.
One day, one day
Yeah but men should be able to kind of financial abort the child if he don't want it.
As a member of the EU, the UK is party to that.
Dream on, you are dwarf if compared to US.
Nobody really considers Paris a city of 2 million.
Guess they are tired of all this Briquit as well as the rest redditors.
The violent ways are quite a few but ughh
* **The current Constitution** \- enacted in 1991, defining Bulgaria as a "Republic", declaring political pluralism, market-based economy and a ban on a party or entity ever declaring it's self above or indeed - the source of soverignity, which the Constitution defines as "the people";
Hell yeah
Before WWII the name was Министерство на войната (Ministerstvo na voynata) or "Ministry of War". After WWII, it was renamed to Министерство на отбраната (Ministerstvo na otbranata) or "Ministry of Defense".
His granddaughter grew up poor in the 90s (no indoor plumbing in her early days) but her parents do alright now
Bulgaria is very polarized regarding Russia and there's a large Russophile segment of the population (you can't escape the cultural similarities between the two countries).
Technically i haven't stopped for a second, but in reality i did not contribute anything to working process.
No freedom of movement and England is turning to a lobbying nation.
But i specifically remember never again pushing a kid from a rather high kids playground onto concrete nearly killing him after my grandpa gave me a single, massive slap through the face.
edit: I was reminded by other comments about the existence of the ethics classes, however this is taught in the same vein as philosophy, psychology etc
" - signifies that the only break up in the situation is death of one party
3% increase in GDP over five-years and a 0
Damn everybody comparing their cities to Detroit
The rose is the national symbol
The kind of excessive behavior that the far right in Bulgaria is displaying is probably going to push many minority members in the opposite direction.
There are whole apartment complexes that are closed and for Russians, only
The ideas of "bad" or "evil" people becoming such because its in their "nature" is ridiculous.
Im trying to be just a little bit optimistic while you completely shat over everything.
Sorry if it's a bit ignorant
He has offered training to help the specialization gap before the protests, and lowest research money from WE goes to the UK
We are a rapidly ageing nation, so we need serious reforms in our healthcare
I know of a Romanian version of Sen Trope that was released after Azis's, but there could be a Serbian one too that I don't know of
Though on one particular occasion I remember being told I'd end up "feeding ducks in the village", as in "so fucking stupid all you can do is feed livestock in a rural area" ...though, ironically, "ducks" can be used as slang for *dicks*.
Things change if you put one in your pants.
Yes, but people have also traveled or lived in another country for a few months
Top searches of all time in Bulgarian:
People focus on the eurofunds but imo the reforms are the best thing for EE countries.
Blue, blue, blue sea and sky :)
We use our variant of QWERTY (ЯВЕРТЪ), but some psychopaths use ЧШЕРТЪ or ",УЕИШЩ" (the latter being the officially accepted one, yikes)
It's got to be [this one]
It is illegal to campaign in foreign language with government money, so the name DOST might have been the reason for the troubles there.
I would like to thank Greece and Turkey for managing their tourism way better than us (Bulgaria)
I think we ate too much of the propaganda ourselves.
In Russia
So a lot of people are isolating themselves
Africa is going to have more than 4 billion people in the future.
And maybe give Macedonia the Greek one
It's just a simple "Добър ден" (have a nice day) or "здравейте" (hello)
Some years ago there was this case where a guy opened fire on another guy
It must be nice to live on an island in the middle of the ocean, but Georgia, Ukraine and Moldova haven't been so lucky.
They go to school here because otherwise their parents won't get financial support.
Portuguese, Faroese and the Celtic languages
If nothing else, nasty and messy divorce will not be civilized.
I doubt it is as much based on religion at this point, as in – i think atheist or agnostic right wingers are as likely to express those views at the moment, because it boils down to modern day tribalisim – a perceived Clash of Civilizations, and „us” includes the Western civilization which so happens to be based on the Christian World in large, even if you are a non-believing right-winger.
Today(24th) is Christmas eve,  tomorrow (25) is Christmas
Also, who doesn't like to have another sea where to go sunbathing and chilling
For most Belarussians, the Soviet times are more important and meaningful than the memory a German satellite state that didn't last a year
I went there yesterday for the first time and it was splendid
Making a free trade agreement with American isolationists will be a difficult task.
Yeah
Our priests have no concept of tolerating anything but absolute unquestioning subordination from their flock
Again
Someone from Poland liking America is not a minority case, it's more of a stereotype, if anything.
These people know how to sustain themselves in tough times
The debate is about whether the cucumber should be grated or cubed
OP failed miserably with most of Europe sounding like they're in 4th grade
They should if they want but why haven't they done it already if they so desperately wanted
If you had said that this was typical ETA behavior, this would be one thing, but what you actually said at least implies that all Basques are terrorist.
EU goes back to the future in the Balkans
**Christian names:** Vladimir, Simeon, Samuil, Presiyan, Dobromir, Kaloyan, Asen, Petar, Konstantin, Ivan, Ivaylo, Koloman, Georgi, Shishman, Yoan, Smilets, Mihail, Georgi, Aleksandar
Yes there is, there are constructive ways to make your case about who's ready and then there is typing "lol" and "nuff said" as in no comment.
About the marriage- if it's such a problem to get your papers done, you could always go to Holland or some other country, do it (papers and stuff), get back, celebrate and be married.
I can swear it was over 30 today
It gives a different perspective.
Very true words
Your link shows the US as 13th.
Sobieski, Kosciosko and Walesa were Krakowians not dirty Poles!!!".
Thracian Tomb of Kazanlak - Dates to the Hellenistic period, around the end of the 4th century BC
Some days we have no news from the US
I also don't seem to meet a lot of people struggling to put to peace the various ways they identify themselves.
Bulgarian
Then why react to further news of her kissing Putin's ass by diverting the topic like you don't mind it?
There's no way anything happens to them in the EU, all european car makers are heavily invested in diesels and have too much influence on almost all countries,
..when you have seen guns in movies and have no idea how to use them
Not saying it's a bad place but there's just nothing
What difference does this make for percentage of energy consumption?
It's not just the education system
Yes, there are stray dogs everywhere especiallyin big citiessuch as Sofia, Plovdiv,  Pernik etc
After that people thought he had killed her so the public's opinion turned against him and many court trials were started against him by her mom/father
Somehow they have 3 children (and used to be above 4 even) on average, yet they stay at 15 million always.
International affairs are a lot more complicated than that
And in exchange for them potentially scaring Russia off, we get dragged into America's wars
Netherlands - thank you for the education, much more in life than in knowledge
Bulgaria was multi-ethnic long before it was an empire, unless by empire you simply mean different peoples but then Bosnia's an empire too.
I mean we never said the US should disband.
As for what the point is, I've just stated it, voting rights on the rules you have to follow
If America hadn't decided to invade and create that clusturfuck in that country, things would have been so much different today, with respect to the refugee crisis, with respect to ISIS, and with respect to the whole geopolitical situation in the Middle East.
Russia
] I don't understand the desire to go on such a crowded place and call it "a holiday" just for some dirt cheep debauchery
If Le Pen is elected France will certainly not continue to be a beacon of any of the things you have enumerated.
It has some odd things that just don't make sence in other languages
5-7 are mostly useless and high school is a disorganized mess with no clear goal or purpose
Either way, best of luck with your fight, Romanian bros.
Pretty sure everyone here is aware that you aren't gypsies so we got your back!
What we have now is not stability, it is a slow but steady decay and desintegration of the state
So why do they have problems now if they know how to manage with muslim migration?
Or as Harvey Dent said it " *You either die* a h*ero*, or y*ou live long enough* to s*ee yourself become* *the* v*illain*”. Well Botev died a hero
I would never trust scissors to be clean enough, even if I just washed them myself
After all they still have good relations with the US in terms of business, and many EU companies are still forced to adapt.
Death to monarchy
Panda fornication is serious Austrian business, sir
That's hilarious because it's exactly how you get approved for government contracts in Bulgaria
* Also very cold winters with heavy snow
The few we do are covered pretty deeply, though
I was going to travel from Budapest to Prague with a night train before tha virus broke out
What matters is where your loyalty lies, and it is obvious that yours lies with Turkey.
The better the schools the more talent will come
However, keep in mind that the only reason why the EU threat is effective is because it is credible and it has not been carried out yet, as soon as it gets carried out the EU will have no leverage on Turkey.
Stop pretending that american interventions are benevolent acts towards world peace.
Ha ha ha, you wanted such treatment.
The kindergartens were opened at the end of May, so parents have mixed feelings about the whole situation - at one hand, opening the kindergartens went well, on other hand - schools have less control over students than kindergartens over toddlers
The article doesn't mention that the recent trend of the UK growing faster than the Eurozone seems to be ending as the Eurozone is projected to have better growth in both 2017 and 2018 albeit the difference is minimal.
The disintegration of the EU I guess.
This is obvious, a lack of skilled workers is creating production bottlenecks and snarling up supply chains
Like especially government people here omg
But ice cream is meant to be somewhat processed and sugary
People don't seem to realise how great of a business this is for China
No matter what you do the factory jobs belong to *robots* and trying to stop that is impossible as such you adapt.
Macedonians are mostly bulgarians.
Belgium has 4 (?) official languages, Netherlands and Luxembourg have three (?)
Ironically, the last death penalty was executed 4 days before the moratorium came in effect
Tories take credit for EU directive
As a physician, I would be constantly endangered by lawsuits
It is believed that Jesus was baptized in the river Jordan on this day and God appeared and acknowledged that he is indeed his son
To try and use state power to impose certain form of speech is disgusting and highly authoritarian.
Nice, now do the same for laptops please
* the name must be a real human name from any culture - it can be a Bulgarian traditional name, Slavic, British, German, Muslim etc
Isn't Weber part of Saint-Gobain
In Netherlands you have HSR to neighbouring countries: Belgium, France, Germany, even England
Getting the materials might be hard because of food shortages though.
Tsar Simeon: this dude was one of the most successful tsars in our history
We actually have more highways/person than Poland (85km vs 112km per million), and a lot are in construction.
Some Bulgarians sound like babies too but for a different reason - they pronounce a lot of Ls as W. They can say the L sound in Listen but not in "flowing". So they literally say things like "hewwo" and "fwowing" and "wike" (like)
It sounds French, so it makes sense to me in some way, but where the fuck did that sh come from
I still hope for a smooth Briquit.
It's hard to expect corrupt people to get rid of corruption.
Its not like if i become a football player i will be paid a million euros
Try some suicidal depression and tell me then if you still think that way about physically healthy people with depression wanting euthanasia
Bulgaria has had a 4-6% unemployment rate in the last 20 years or so and it's because we have a semi-decent mixed economy and we've stayed away from full on Keynesean madness, unlike Italy, Spain, Portugal and Greece who all just loved to borrow and borrow
Not sure if this thread is just for French people or everyone's opinion.
You had to name it Bambino :D
price of the fish in Spain (metaphorically speaking).
Our traditions in the sport span the ages, but you guys really raised the bar high for modern times
I would take a guess but honestly can't think of anything that even remotely makes sense
We have a lot more appealing poets than him in my opinion, like Vaptsarov
In the hardest form of Brexit, visas will be introduced for EU citizens and vice versa.
And happy birthday, by the way:) )
It sure has same effect, but it is not the one and only cause, like people make it to be
In Bulgarian, "Fitness" is used to refer to a gym or a fitness centre
That's a plus
In the free market high income is also high taxed.
And here are some modern chalga songs which are emberassing:
I don't know who helped him with priorities.
Hahahhahahha EU funds don't mean shit mate.
Okay, I see where you are going with this.
Then you would have a nightmare on your hands.
It's considered one of the Yugoslav wars and besides if death and destruction is what you care about then it's only natural we don't only focus on NATO's part in those conflicts
Here it's almost the same but luckily no religion
So if I get it correctly Sweden is mild on companies and corporations, attracting their business, but then milks the workers inside these companies dry?
The Brits are getting exploited, lmao.
Good luck in the fight brothers
Some days we have no news from the US
And allthough usual railroads are "iron road", "zheleznaya doroga", narrow gauge is uzkokolejka - narrow grooves
A country of ruins
Romania, I love you bros but I can't say I'm not a little bit worried.
It's a skill
We've got no billionaires, but we've got enough millionaires who've made fortune on grabbing public money.
But not having the homies is a bit of a downside, yes
One of the stupidest things is participating in the invasion of Czechoslovakia in 1968.
I don't know if that counts as a city, but I'm gonna say Tryavna
&#x200B;
For example, the only laptop i've bought in BG was Acer, and after two years of using it, problems with the screen started.
If i understood you correctly, then here how its in Bulgarian to thank someone when speaking for yourself :blagodarya благодаря: and if your speaking for your group its :blagodarim благодарим: and then add :ti ти: (if you are speaking to 1 person), :vi ви: (if you are speaking to more than 1 person) and :Vi Ви: (This is for both if you are talking to 1 or a few people formally and yes its the same as when you are speaking in a casual conversation but with :V В: being capital) Also sorry if you had a stroke trying to read some parts of what i said
It's making crazy money from its loans
Will USA with Trump become what Russia became with Gorbachov and Yeltsin?
It’s already boasting better infrastructure and cultural life and it’s on a river
Never seen a "Bulgarian" option available but I have played the Sims in French and Russian at times, for practice's sake - it doesn't risk me fucking up the storyline or not understanding something important quite as much as an RPG would
it's no problem
It also has to do with the political suppression of the piously religious lower classes in Turkey during the previous governments.
America First, Bulgaria Second, A message to President Mr Trump From Bulgaria
Nowadays it's still the same, the music videos have become quite good though
The whole multiculturalism and world government agenda sounds like a plan by the biggest nations to rule over the smallest.
The difference comes from rush hour traffic which is much worse in general
> If they were still on the Drachma instead of the Euro there'd be more options available to reduce debt pressure
It's a sample they show potential customers
You said that " If he lost the popular vote, means that he had more people wanting him to not be president than for him to become president" , which is not true, what is true that in an electoral election more people bothered to vote against him than for him.
I forgot you're an entitled twat who lives off of his ancestors' achievements and has a superiority complex over them
For sure, it made me ready for high school
We use it even for other brands of photocopying machines
Що не пишете на БГ ве маа му дееба?
Why has the word ''Slav'' become a synoynum for an uncivilized thug
The lake that just is is my favorite.
Hmm...haven't heard of plastic cigarettes, maybe i should ask in the pharmacy.
Corruption and our тарикатлък is a sickness that plagues every single bit of our beautiful country and you never know when it will ruin your life
Lol no, it's already a Bulgarian word since ancient times
The thing is, their numbers are increasing, not lowering.
No real equivalent to a th sound so it gets substituted with a d
In 12th grade, a lot of people go to private lessons for the end of the year exams then
You are more than free to stay in your bubble of imaginary tolerance.
Was the ISF an absurd tax ? Maybe, but at least it was that : a tax on capital
Could be also an offensive post, pro nazi stuff and all
Bulgaria has a bit of an issue with the idolisation of historic figures
Between 0 (Iceland) and 10 Russia/Turkey, we're prolly a solid 6
I haven't even finished them so maybe I should revisit it
I was living nearby the northern seaside and disliked it
I think your question would be better about films/TV series
Amazing
Honestly our Healthcare system is a joke , our goverment is corrupted we're just fucked completely.
I can understand if you wish to be in the EU but not pay anything to other members
NOBODY
Basically I am curious with how many parties you will end up with.
Every citizen is covered for lots of things and state and municipal hospitals are affordable but they are expected to turn a profit which means they are critically underfunded and the quality of care is very weak
Mid summer sunset would be 20h and winter at 1530.
Of course, Russia is not the bad guys of the movies.
Really sad but, after all, being so drunk is a choice
Which is also why it seems to me that if the current protests don't reach their goals, most of the younger participants in them will not be staying here much longer
Yeah
Next shortage after iceberg lettuce and olive oil, is very likely to be - tea.
The communist apocaliptic poordom made it rather profitable
Thankfully it didn't happen much but my dad sure called me "dad" a lot
Wow - a lot of cold places on these wish lists!
Delicious noodles
North Macedonia mostly
In sofia it’s terrible
Okay
At ballotage, yes
The most iconic ones would then be of our national hero - Vasil Levski, a Bulgarian revolutionary, known also as The Apostle of Freedom, he ideologised and strategised a revolutionary movement to liberate Bulgaria from Ottoman rule
Retired elderly, English, American or otherwise, who just want a calm lifestyle
Did Mongolia pay for the project
This is a very weak swear word
He is wrong on many things and he uses the famous "In Europe", "Europeans do this" bullshit.
The PM ran away for very "important" meetings in West Europe, instead of staying and going to the people,that  chose him and facing them and giving them explanation for his actions
For the sake of Turkey, I genuinely hope he does not get his presidential system.
Edit: I'm not sure whether the question was asking about the channel when you hit 1 on your remote or the best channel
Europeans end up saying "enough is enough" and ban Muslims from immigration to the continent.
No one I know or heard about think you can get high with poppy seeds
I already talked on what I think is absurd in the first post
if the UK is ahead of France economically for the next french presidential election (2022), be sure that France will leave the EU.
Fuck this one hits hard as someone with close ties to the Dutch healthcare system
Fun fact: that Russian alphabet
Why on Earth do you think Europeans care more about Britain than Brits do about Europe?
Wow I didn’t know that
There are no former russian spies mate
We were not under prosecution or occupation from other nations at the time, so the Soviets had no reason to come
Everywhere i go i meet groups of british expats or british retirees living abroad, but on the other hand Brits don't want people to move to their country.
You should all make it a point to visit if you haven't yet, and for the one or two who have - welcome again!
Now there's no one to shit on
Did Macedonia even exist in 1919
Potato
Nobody uses drywall, but I get the question
For all my dislike of Russia, the number of inventions coming from there dwarf many western european nations.
If it doesn't address the means of production then it isn't Socialist.
Was on a school trip about a decade ago through Europe, and Zurich was beyond anything a bunch of Bulgarian middle school children have ever seen in luxury retail
As far as I remember, I was 16 and it was a normal age.
For years Bulgaria and Romania are trying to join the Schengen agreement.
Even more so if it is written
Though the number might be the same but many other nationalities started vacationing here so the Russians are not as noticeable
Yup - the "provintsiya". The dreaded word describing everything beyond Sofia's Ring Road
I can imagine them riding horses over the water and lobbing arrows, no ships or anything
We are still having problems with the sidewalks half of the year.
I have no intention or time, to look for sources in english for bulgarian welfare.
Shady as fak
With the above I am simply answering the question
Me too
Tell him Eastern Europe is a no go zone
He's happy cause he's getting things for free.
Idk, here "bate" or "batko" ("big bro") is used as "bro". Like, *puts on glasses* informal communication between two young to middle-aged males of similar social standing
Collapsing of the EU will trigger a war in the good old Europe.
All EU authorities have stated that both countries had fulfilled technical criteria for joining, and whether that to happen or not is a question of political decision.
I know I shouldn't have laughed at this but I did
He looks like he is about to start a trade war with basically the world and got us arguing about cars
And the lack of pan-European intelligence cooperation makes such work impossible.
Each one votes for what they've been told to vote for
Formally strong pro EU, at least as long as they receive EU money
we have it in Russia too
RTX: ON
Do you think it makes any economic sense to go and take the bank's money and pay for shit with it
While in Eastern Bulgaria, we think the Westerners are those who can't speak
But yeah what's up with France, you guys
Taxes on poor people were removed and those on rich people remain
Just because you say it doesn't mean it's true.
And [the bravest of us] will never get captured!
I can't hear any difference from Serbian with Bosnian and Montenegrin
You are digging your head in the sand with this muslim apologetics.
It's not like you were banned from the entire internet
I like to eat it with mayo and ketchup on top and some kind of pepper, especially spicy ones.
I still have to see any factual reports on the Bannon conspiracy which seems to be running entirely on the fact his mere image fits perfectly a stereotypical role like that due to his alleged nazism and even repulsive physical appearance.
If 40% of Germans aren't feeling growth and another 40% are feeling it then that means that the average German is feeling growth.
Yes
A friend from the region once said that the village is cursed for not having any living [kukeri] in it to chase the demons away
For 12th grade some people start to prepare 2-3 years before them, at least if you wanna go to medical university
Not when there are neighbouring countries like Russia and Ukraine, North and South Korea, Russia and Georgia, Serbia and Kosovo, and so on, and so on.
ah yes, I remember when Farage was elected grand wizard of the KKK
I thought that the marijuana sold in coffee shops in the Netherlands is being grown by the government
But borisov has to go, 10 years is more than enough for you, snake
Really, believing that we can achieve post-scarcity even in the most prosperous countries is absurd
80 megabits per second for 6 euros a month.
I keep seeing that stupid comment but I can't see the pro TTP ones.
Interesting questions, but if you mean a bunch of self-serving populists with the grace of a donkey who desperately latch onto power, then yes
In Romanian Slavic was the largest percentage of vocabulary, standing at around 40% in the early 1800s.
I am really proud of my country taking measures and deciding not to play because of the pandemic
As for your last point, you're forgetting they also have no *incentive* to learn, either
His reforms are seen as positive both by teachers,universities and business
Shifts vary by school but they're roughly the same - mine did 7:30 am to 1:30 pm, and then 1:30 pm to 7:30 pm
I can assure you no one here in Eastern Europe believes it is his birthright/human right to be given access to Western Europe.
4 million people voted for them
I'm still learning Chinese but I'm otherwise practicing with a pinyin keyboard
For example here when we talk about salary we talk about monthly wage - before or after taxes.
Damn that looks amazing
While Gibraltar is a small rock surrounded by sea with a tiny road that connects it with...Spain.
I can understand someone denying the magnitude, or the reasoning behind the whole thing or whatever other aspect of the Holocaust due to antisemitic beliefs, but deny the whole thing even happened
Will Russian amphibious craft start landing on BG's shores soon?
So what does this mean
I'm curious
We had and still have the same problem in EE, and some countries of the region started policies to get back their skilled and educated migrants from Western Europe.
You had the most free trade within the EU you were ever gonna get.
Mmmm cyka blyat, are you speaking Russian ?
I didn't know this 100 bucks was to replace parent leave
We met the "quote" thing even before it was agreed upon.
Is the cost of education and healthcare even included in PPP?
Yeah, you're right
Edit: There are also some small stores in the larger cities
If you are interested in a PHD you can take a look here: [
Bulgaria is not performing well not because of the EU or because of Germany.
P.M. apparently got covid and is resting at home
I've met quite a few people in their 50s who do this, unless absolutely necessary, though currently if anyone used that it'd be pretty weird and probably considered incorrect information
They can end in vowels or consonants depending on the name itself and don't follow tendencies of any kind
Over 15,500 public personnel dismissed with new emergency decrees in Turkey
Better use “Bigger Macedonia”
Well, you can consider the gypsy ghettos a "No Go Zone".
Kinda similar in Bulgaria, at least in the cities
He sacrificed himself, not some random human he chose.
Because of school/uni, I live in a big city on a semi-permanent basis(vacations and quarantine notwithstanding) and it's alright
I have two name days, so I have three parties a year haha
Come on now, lads, no need to pretend that Eastern Europe is nice but there's also no reason to pretend that you don't know the reason :)
there, there, let's get back to the chocolates.
You will have to do something and try to trade with other countries within the EU rather than Britain.
- lol`d
Кърджали. I believe it has the largest Turkish minority of anywhere in the country
I don't think you're getting anything
Turkey alone hosts like 3 million syrian refugees.
Most pro-Russian are the nationalists from ATAKA.
Hail for the people willing to change their country.
This is a rule for every country.
I'm a fan of Federal European Union.
Heh, the Swedes got themselves a nice beach :)
I guess Erdogan personally wants to oversee the fund to make sure no one is making investments with it
Would you be happy if that happened in Greece
For Russian, I only ever use it on my phone so I usually type on the Bulgarian keyboard and then switch over to the Russian keyboard when I'm missing a letter
Both grammar and pronounciation are equally difficult for foreigners but again, it would depend on native language
Why do you want to someone to lead you on a leash?
|Name example|Translation|
The forth party DPS are the "turkish party" their main voter base is from parts of Bulgaria, which are uneducated and mainly populated by turks, they are like medieval feudals there, the only way to do something is if you support the party and the party leaders like you, while they say they are pro Turkey, they are actually pro Russia and their leader is former Intelligence Agencies agent.
But I've seen foreigners (Austrian and Scottish, specifically) absolutely killing it, to the point I couldn't even guess they weren't native speakers
A train from Vienna to Istanbul via Beograd and Sofia and from Vienna to Athens via Beograd and Thessaloniki will be a good option
No we don't need positivity, we need to take a long hard look at ourselves.
Hmm, scientifically the continent is Eurasia, and Balkan peninsula together with Apennine peninsula are actually part of Africa.
If Trump decides to withdraw the States from the climate change agreement, European Union must impose harsh tariffs on US goods and services imported.
Paw-fect rescue: Bulgarian stray cats get bionic legs
Окей has been integrated in Bulgarian vernacular for decades
Баница (Banitsa)
Beautiful eyes on the right
Not like Radev is going to be a good President either.
OP asked about the most probable one, not one with actual high chances to invade
Well I have been working since day one to support myself and also I am currently working as a developer, so I have paid my due and will continue to invest in the country
Misleading - what about the offshore territories
I can go on to how communism is not an effective distributor of goods in a society and so on but we're not arguing that right now
The cyrillic alphabet
You do, increasingly, seem to be the sane one of the Nordic societies.
Ah my bad
Of course no one can beat such peak artistic excellence
There were riots as people tried to flee.
Like a third of Bulgaria's population is at risk of living in poverty, but for some reason we should focus on someone we have no connection to?
Its a useless concept with no winners.
He controls the prosecution and a large amount of the judges
All but "too much rice" and "half-dose" are usual in Bulgaria
I mean we can live in the Balkans and not kill each other
She died in 1997 and sold crayons to Vincent van Gogh.
I particularly disagree with the Yugo one
But in general people tend to trust to a respectable source.
To be fair I like the Bulgarian way of dinner far better than the soulless "eat and get out" style of the Dutch
Funny how that happens isn't it
But it's an opportunity to paint opposition to him as bought by America and tell their audience that true Bulgarians are ecstatic about closer relations.
In 12th grade, a lot of people go to private lessons for the end of the year exams then
For example, if visiting a monastery in Greece, don't wear shorts or take one of the cloaks they offer
They know they are lucky to be in Bulgaria and not in Turkey, and they value their Bulgarian citizenship much more than their Turkish citizenship (if they even have it).
I don't think so
The Bulgarian education system is an absolute joke
Just look at most university staff
Like: Cyprus is Greek, Macedonia is Bulgarian, Kosovo is Serbia, Constantinopol not istanbul
Yes, but they are still our rivals (at some point)
This can't happen, because on theory it would mean ALL the countries in the world have to say - tomorrow we remove ALL the borders.
Why are there so many stupid and gullible people here is another question
Yes
I would have a hard time telling the difference between Ukrainian and Russian, or Swedish and Danish, but i can immediately tell that one is a slavic language, and the other nordic.
It comes from the Christian (Ortodox) beliefs that the name you are given is holy and thus should be celebrated
( refugees are not nuclear waste, are humans )
Jesus
Occasionally, I like a Burgundian or a Dutch start and be stinking rich and conquer the British isles
I was always curious, are the Swedish speakers in Finland regular Finns who just happen to speak Swedish as a native language due to history (Finland being part of Sweden for a very long time, similarly to most Irish people speaking English nowadays) or actual Swedish people whose ancestors moved to Finland and they managed to preserve their language
Didn't you guys have some more really good early social laws
I see some exceptions like Finland though.
The delusions are on an insane level.
Oh, poor thing of my home town.
Interesting, and do the people, whose salaries you ask about in the tax office, get notified about it
And after that negative
Swedish public transportation
Is there a particular reason for Bulgaria to be missing from most of "Something in Europe" statistics that I'm not aware of?
This one speaks to me [Asian Dub Foundation - Fortress Europe]
I am not familiar what WMDs mean?
That's because Reddit doesn't load all the comments
I think your question would be better about films/TV series
I don’t think it’s rude - talking about income allows people to measure one another
First are younger people that move out of big cities and buy some house closeby on the cheap, all while continuing working their jobs remotely, planning to do the same in the next years
This is considered to clense the water (holy water) and everyone attending takes some home with them
Negotiations haven't even begun.
I don't know who you are talking about.
Aaaah, there is no place like home
On the contrary, i find Capitalism in need of many regulations.
Another thing is the much more complex verbal system of Bulgarian.
I cannot believe this just happened
Haha...ever heard of Balkan Union that crashed the Ottoman Empire in the beginning of the last century?
You sold since of the archives to us
Yes and no
I would really love to see same-sex mariagge legalised and for people to become more open-minded (when it comes to all kinds of issues), but it's a very long road ahead
Bulgaria is now on Russia's list of ''unfriendly countries''
If computer languages aren't acceptable, I'd go for Korean - same reasons as Japan, obviously
It's a great photo, maybe a bit overdramatised though
I mean Putin could be bribing Trump to drop the sanctions but I don't think he's bribing Trump to call him an equal.
140 is indeed the maximum speed allowed in Bulgaria, but only on newly built sections of motorways and not all of them
I'm from Bulgaria
ã is not a Bulgarian letter
- Four one-bedrooms (~70sqm) in an average area - [example]
I mean I'm pretty sure they don't need to develop it, they just need to produce it.
A lot of countries have that dish not just Greece
I consider myself a coward and even I'd kick the shit out of whoever has the balls to say we use the russian alphabet
I'm surprised they haven't removed it, considering they destroyed the [Kutaisi war memorial] and that was dedicated to Georgian soldiers who died in WWII
Hello from the other side ... of the box
" on you
Worked for Russia when they sanctioned Turkey.
Triggered
You'd be surprised to find anything other than a crew cut or a buzz cut here tbh
Аvstro-Ungaria
Also, that government, corrupt as it was, was **IN NO FUCKING WAY** nearly as corrupt as the current one
Face is always most important, followed by slim figure and a nice bottom.
I'm not talking about just Germany, Merkel is a kind of leader of the EU, can you imagine if the EU was lead by Hollande/Sarkozy or May/Cameron?
In this case the people do not want a tax on them because, well, nobody likes paying more for gas
Edit: You can keep some basic stuff in HS, maybe some algebra and Bulgarian for all, just to keep the material fresh, but the focus should be on the individual skills of the students
No, Bulgaria is not 100% comprised of gypsies who will steal your TV
But you should definitely destroy the ugly Lenin statues and create one big statue of the great Reagan in front of the Kremlin
They have no legal right to be here (at least not yet).
Hopefully I haven't met that many stupid foreigners
Since when is it a human right to adopt children by a same sex couple?
Look him up on wikipedia, he has a n interesting story and Ivan Vazov is something like the greatest Bulgarian poet
At least nothing beyond buying the fuel
Някой, който няма познания за идиоми и фрази. Същата кочинка е със субтитрите на филмите - много е лошо полижението там
Dinya in Bulgarian is watermelon
Maybe I'm just retarded then, my boyfriend of an year and a half is Slovak and neither of us understands the other's language  it's English for us with some Bulgarian and slovak words thrown in for fun
It is EU values such as democracy, freedom and rule of law that have led them to rebel now
I was with my grandma and was looking through her bookshelves
This tree is shaped like a man;
Today it's polite to say hello and it's almost a rule to do so
Assassin's Creed IV: Black Flag, Assassin's Creed Rogue, Tropico 3-5, Surviving Mars, Phoenix Point and Total War Saga: Troy
Mommy where is UK going
Awesome
Most natives do not visit our seaside, because of bad service & customer service
And i think some powerful corporations/banks/entities/individuals support him.
Has anything like that happened in Europe in the last decade or so?
Kind of like a younger brother that we love even though they hate us
Fun fact: This summer Greece made it mandatory to have a PCR test to enter there and there was kilometers of cars waiting at the Greek border, but not trying to visit our seaside (even though a PCR test costs ~€60 here)
Now, as to if you want to be a programmer, well you'd better go to college
One's skin colour does have to do with one's ethnicity though.
They are slightly darker skinned than the rest and also they are somewhat more western than us
List of ingridients on food package
Oslo doesn't have such reputation.
He was born in Turkey and still holds turkish nationality, not 1/32 part 7th generation irish, who never even left america.
English is only one language, many of our citizens go to countries where English is not spoken.
The answer to these questions will tell you who the real warmonger and hot head really is.
Our nationhood was created with our state called Bulgaria, same as it was with the Hungarians, the Serbs, the Poles and many others.
The impact of his speech wasn't lessened in any way by him reading his notes instead of staring at the camera.
Well reading the same source in different languages doesn't mean you cross checked the info.
I always try to make people feel not like shit, so even when I get asked about my opinion or if I see something wrong, most times I will lie and say it's ok or just won't say anything (not with close friends of course)
The USSR is the last to conclude a  similar treaty
00 and 10 000 000,00 are both right
The same stat for small cities is on par with Namibia
It's literally a retarded idea.
There are no refugees in Europe, only migrants
We could understand each other at least from the context, but that is not speaking the other language.
The Yellow vest supposed(as said by the BBC) demand to decrease entry requirements is backwards
This is the most of Bulgaria I've seen in a while, and it's all bad
I knew it
This makes the Balkans cry every time
I can't find sources on who did what exactly but apparently Serbia tried to sue 10 NATO members and it had 16 at the time so I'm assuming the rest weren't involved much
If we keep defacto open borders, we will be reaching some breaking points.
Fiscally Bulgaria is actually in a pretty good spot
They can do whatever they want
He survived two WWs physically, but mentally it was something else
Which a shame we skipped a big chunk of important history
All we got from this was brain drain and importing shitty food from Greece the same of which we grow ourselves far better in quality but send to Germany
Nice, was the picture taken some of these days, or it is a summer shot?
It's embarrassing because I create the impression that I really mix those two up
Plenty of similar words, spelled differently but comprehensible
His nomination came after several ex-communist leaders visited Moscow.
I don't expect us to have much better results, because I very well know that the level of the average student here is rather low
Make em race
Sunny Beach is a generic resort made specifically to scam foreigners out of money so don't worry about not liking it haha
Help should be always welcome, of course :)
See...means lake in German, right?
As a resident of country A you get the same rights and the same access to services, natives get
Russophiles celebrate it as Victory day, some of them go and put flowers on old Soviet-era monuments
GO sprout your dumb shit somewhere else, you are way out of your depth.
It's probably fine for deicing too.
People don't seem to realise how great of a business this is for China
The girl opened the box and inside
Also, the destruction was comical, and we continue to have an empty space there
The
But if you think about it, if he resigned earlier he could have had bigger chances to win more trust but now that he's just driving around the country and calling protesters mafia is fully incompetent and won't turn out well for him
You can make a car for the European market and it will also fit in the American
If they got only 9% I imagine they don't have memorable leaders or good media coverage?
Bulgaria, do you believe in God?
Russophobes don't celebrate it at all
Great Britain is a big market itself, and can be pretty well self-sufficient, the rock on the other hand is anything like that.
Yeah, but what can't be blamed on stupidity?
I meant that me (woman) is married to another woman but we both  are bi so I don't like to call us lesbian couple
12th one is "how do I force a period"
[Karakachan Shepherd Dog] - the traditional breed of mountain nomad shepherds, known as [Karakachani] It is sometimes kept as a home dog even in city apartments now, though first you have a sweet fluffy doggy and later you have a small kind of bear :)
I saw also regional flags, navy flags, flags of movements etc, which eventually evolved into national ones.
Both were around -18 which is pretty cold.
Obviously extremely socially conservative, largely interventionallistic economically
Lol, shouldn't have laughed, but I did.
Outside of school, it's very common to sign up kids for language lessons
>International aid and EU member fee is not the samething, at least it shouldn't be
Generally, I know that classes in primary school have been shrinking over the last 10 years, for example my little brother's class was 21-22 people, but when I was in primary school we were 27-28, in any case no less than 25
Sure, but after you grew tobacco, there is a complicated process before you actually be able to smoke it.
Greece simply has to default on its'external euro-denominated debt, while Italy has to boost its competitiveness.
That position is one based in historic fact; the fact that one filthy regime decided to politicize it is irrelevant
Greetings to all users here
Let me shit on him, and your Vizier, and that Jew Silihtar Boda, that bitch
I cringed a little but at least they were reading something
Eastern Europe
Swedish public transportation
Well my question was meant as to determine if you are of the same phenotype as the White Americans, since this largely denotes a common ancestry traced to Europe, and this in turn in at least 90% of the cases denotes a shared civilization and cultural group in the past.
Our soldiers weren't on the Eastern front
Jealous, on the other hand, is "revniv".
A propaganda war will hurt objective truth yet we have no choice, if we don't fight we'll lose.
The cyrillic alphabet does not have accented letters except maybe й but that's really just it's own letter
Macron’s overhaul of the labor code has helped ease those concerns, and hiring on permanent contracts rose 6
Same objects, but different order: Rock, Scissors, Paper
Turkey's main export Agriculture and services are not part of Customs Union.
How bad it is obviously depends on where in the states.
Graduated from Dundee Uni two years ago and I must say the education in Scotland is absolutely amazing
It's really easy to say "next to impossible" but it's actually *not*. It takes *effort*. A lot of it
Problems not fixed after 30 years because of the disgustingly corrupt government
Free discount cards are issued to all students (incl
i.e: if you refuse to respectfully acknowledge or participate in these holidays (such as Christmas, Easter, and several smaller ones) you're likely to get some abuse from people - relatives, peers, strangers on facebook, whatever
If insulated and painted, they don't look so bad either.
So even with huge amount of debts written off, even with government expenditures cut down to sanitary minimum, they will simply still not be able to raise enough in taxes for the routine tasks any country must do.
I believe the photo is taken at Schloss Nymphenburg in Munich
I honestly feel like it's the opposite.
The biggest purchaser of oil was and continues to be the Assad regime, which incidentally Russians back.
God's eyes cave or [Prohodna cave] is spooky as well, especially during full moon
How about the idea that the village doesn't bother these muslims at all and they are fully accepted, but it simply doesn't want any more muslims to come in?
Imo the system should be revamped a little bit like this:
It seems your History classes really were shit
In Bulgaria in my class there are 30 students
And then some "Ring the alarm" towards the end
:D I see
This is a band of rebels or bandits
Hungary did build fences as well.
It's called a methodology, you can see the one Transparency International uses here:
But I think he is not a bad person and actually wants to improve Bulgaria
The discount version of Finland - Netherlands if you will.
This idiot is making our entire country look bad
100% fact
Imagine being in a wheelchair for reasons out of your control
Doesn't it make more sense the first tries not to detect it and after that to detect it when the virus has spread more
It's not in that calibre of untreatable illnesses.
) Not if your last class was cancelled, not if a teacher was absent and no one could replace them
Eggs can stay on room temperature, but most people refrigerate them anyway
Teachers of subjects that may become optional are worried about their future
Right now the 33
I'm Polish, we did lose a lot in the 20th century, Macedonia is not part of it.
"Sorry we can't take you in, but your country doesn't want you either...
And where do they get by without speaking english?
The way you worded it it sounds as if EE can do whatever with the money Germany is giving.
Its standard procedure, you blame the eastern europeans until things go to shit.
As someone not living in Bulgaria currently, whenever I go back home, I’m always pleasantly surprised by our diary
oh no anyway
Iran was a part of old Macedonia.
You name it - we approve of it
Rakia
Does visiting Lisbon and Porto count as learning?
Those are assignments, gotta use ==
Hissarya Bulgaria
People usually know what happens more often and think about it unless you give them some other context
wait for it
The most iconic one I can think of is [Koy ushi bayryaka] (Who sewed the flag)
>Additionally, event if that is all free money it is not even close to amount Serbia lost and is losing on the actions of EU
I just found out about this yesterday
As fo IT that suffers from the negative connotation that that's basically not a real class
British education system
In the last years there are more active efforts to castrate them, so at least there are no fatalities recently
Even if there are more Turks in Germany that does not mean that turkey is a European country
My ears hurt of all this Brething.
Does evil Poland need to get some liberating?
This is incorrect
I'll be glad if it stays that way, but it's disconcerting how your relations with them have deteriorated
Whether a name is spelled with я (ya) or a (Kristiyan/Kristian), or with a single/double n (Ana/Anna)
о боже....
Put them in the States and their lifestyle would change within one year.
Make em race
They
Kliment Ohridski (kliment from ohrid): you know that weird Russian alphabet
In Bulgaria the cops avoid going into Gypsy neighborhoods.
99,9% of our country names are identical to the english ones, for example Anglia, Finlandia, Franzia, Ispania, Norvegia, Ukraina, Moldova, Rusiya, Turtsiya, Sărbia, etc
They mostly live in their own gipsy-only neighbourhoods.
Turkey and Russia make for the weirdest allies.
That's actually a pretty nice way to view the continent.
Portugal and Sweden are basically the same tho, lmao.
It looks depressed because of the mostly stable population but if you look at it per capita you're doing much better than the US and UK and have been for some time.
> The idea of equalizing LGBTQ+ to pedophiles is on the rise
Those two arrogant morons can really think they are so important that people like me will change lifestyle and will start following every word that comes out of their filthy mouths, but i say i don't give a horseshit for them.
Makes you wonder what's so different this time, no
[One of my favourite clips
Well depending on context it can be used that way even now.
Yes but you don't have to go to sleep after 7pm.
Don't click, it's better as Batman
They are rarely the same thing, if ever
There are in the Netherlands
It's not really a city, more of a seasonal summer resort but the place is extremely trashy with drugs, alcohol, sex and scams going rampant
We use "пиво/pivo" as well, don't worry
These days there's a lot more bridge building going on.
It's the go-to conspiracy
Yeah, there isn't exactly a whole lot of copy right protection down here
* Dobromir(a)
EU MEPs do not follow PES in votes
But if you've worked and retired in country A and after retirement move to country B, country A is responsible for your pension, while country B - for your health and social security
Isn't that the case for most artists
But not everyone is good with IT either
Yes it’s mostly at work
You are so far ahead by now, it is not even fun anymore.
DAE right wingers are fascists??
Yes, we we're talking about EE countries being richer/poorer than Greece so I focused on Czechia because it's the richest of the bunch.
Yes
" at the top of her lungs
No, best solution is to move those factories to poorer countries.
Gang gang
Western Europeans are so ignorant about the Eastern part of the continent, that it makes them arrogant.
I think it stems from white Americans having very little culture after their ancestors decided to move away/reject the culture they'd been part of for thousands of years
Bulgaria is experiencing it's second wave right now, we reached 10 000 cases (4689 active 5585 recovered) and 347 dead on Monday so people are kinda worried
Bulgaria was founded in 681 and now if you come and visit Bulgaria you will be surrounded with history predominately from the communist era (44 years)
Biggest problem is the condition of the roads imo, but of course we have a fair amount of idiots driving the wrong way on a highway because the missed the exit so it can't be just "infrastructure bad".
At least in Bulgaria and Greece
At the end people watch the sun rise
Yesterday we had a an annual campaign named "Let's clean Bulgaria for one day" and people accross the country clean the garbage everywhere
Yes it's worth  $90 billion
It's happening in my country with some nationalities of tourists too, though I can't really tell you who's in vogue now and who not
do you consider MedenoSrce a chocolate?
Полижение ми е новата любима дума.
Merkel calling out Bulgarian prime minister Boyko Borisov for wearing mask wrong
Basically owning most of Bulgarian politicians.
Hence why everything should be private, including healthcare, so that avery single person will pay for exactly what he consumes, based on his relative risk, as with car insurances.
> lots of small (between 1000 and 3000) villages
The regime started with unfair "trials" that executed hundreds of teachers, doctors, journalists - people capable of thought and influence
My comment was on him and his attitude, not the link.
Was he the guy who was not executed in one uprising because he was American (well had american passport I guess)
Also its fair to say that a large amount of that was paid by the English because they are so many compared to Scotland, Wales and NI but not all
At least we can afford not to shit on our streets :)
Never heard it either (Sofia region)
Finally
and his bride bails on him
And there is a 50% discount for students and retirees
We can take every shitty thing UK did or does in these areas and find something matching in areas surrounding Russia
Bulgaria is not poor because of the Western part of the Continent, it is because of the rampant corruption.
That is why I said 100% of the **mainland** which is 88% of the area of the country
It ended four empires
Gypsies in general
Literally whole towns get abandoned and deleted off the map, which leaves tons of abandoned houses and facilities
Morons
Russia alone would have probably had a population of more than 200 million nowadays if it wasn't for the brutal losses
You have no idea how many times I have called Brasil 'Brasil' and not the Bulgarian Бразилия(Braziliya)
If you asked 10 people in the Balkans 10 of them would
None
I did, but few can afford it
This was a big thing for me to get used to in Bulgaria
Luckily, people seem to be coming to their senses or maybe the weirdos aren't as vocal anymore, which surprises me very much in a good way
There are hundreds of abandoned villages
Yes, but the Orthodox Easter was this weekend, so we get the 3rd off and the 4th off as well because the 1st was on a Saturday
The guys in Northwestern Bulgaria are very poor, poor transport and infrastructure   the same is with the region of Kardzhali
Every scientist ever is a paid shill
It's Bulgarian literature so nobody cares but the one I had most difficulty with was nikolay haitov - divi razkazi, or wild tales
Young children shouldn't learn them, but teens should
Higher entry requirments doesn't mean higher cost for students
In Bulgaria homosexuality isn't accepted very good
* [Boyana Church] \- a medieval church with wall murals painted in the rare Paleologue Renaissance style;
USA is way too big and will completely dominate any such union.
Magic
But i do not see any olive trees in the picture.
|Ivaylo Krumov Asparuhov |Ivaylo, son of Krum of the family of Asparuh |
I bet he was even more proud when he recalled about how it was very preventable
This event is important because with the creation of the Cyrillic alphabet and the development of a Bulgarian culture, during the time of Simeon, the Bulgar nobility is completely assimilated into the Slav population, creating what can finally be called Bulgarians
Unless you're not suggesting - camper.
We'll take Ukrainian refugees and such closer to our culture.
Fully 70% of undergraduates, says the ministry, fail to complete their degree in three years
Do not forget that nobody can stop them to default.
Actually, sexual harassment is higher in Western Europe and a lot of it is thanks to our brown friends from the Orient.
We were taught about the history of every region in Europe
Most foreign: either Kurdzhali (about 65% ethnic Turkish, right at the border with Greece) or Sofia (the richest, most western and progresive)
> The airplane tickets are too cheap as they are not factoring in the true cost of all the externalities that the carbon emissions are creating
Wikileaks is leaking documents which prove that the candidates I support are shady.
Nobody in the south speaks English
Wait, don't Russia and the Ukraine have the biggest border dispute right now
The restrictions added a lot of "winter" to the winter if you know what I mean
Yay, great to read you've liked it.
Next the EU functions nothing like the BeNeLux
" To lie naturally, often and with no remorse
Таратор (Tarator) - a cold salty soup made with yogurt, sliced cucumbers and walnuts
Help tech startups with some no tax incentive, they will hire young people from University and if they succeed they will bring more in tax over time than the initial bonus
And i know about the winter war.
I also studied abroad and no one ever questioned the quality of my unversity, people always say "you went abroad, obviously your education is much better". I actually agree that it is better but people rarely put it to a test which I find weird
Everything has to be eaten by hand if doing so is even remotely possible (this is actually somewhat true for a fair few)
Turkey just experienced a violent coup and there was a major threat to the security of the state.
Verbs are fucked up, just learn the three basic tenses
I, too, would want to know more about this
Now significant portion must be written off, and the European taxpayers must cover the bill.
A new perspective and appreciation for the situation here=gained.
Actually agree on how the land would be split between Bulgaria, Greece and Serbia after the first Balkan war
Now as all that is in the past you got vast majority of young people educated in fields nobody is demanding.
HDR stands for High Dynamic Range.
Otherwise, we too had an empire
Greetings from Bulgaria
Bernie was humilated in the debate with Cruz and hardly displayed any intelligence when someone could actually confront the dogma he spouts as opposed to speaking to a crowd of supporters.
Buying politicians, even whole parties, and paying for political propaganda and misinformation
If I want to deceive you that the shit I sell you in this bag Is actually magic chocolate from heaven, it's your own fault if you believe me and buy it.
What a scam lol
Right after saying all humans are brothers and sisters, that you should love your enemy, be merciful, charitable and not judgmental or vengeful.
From what i know Amish living is supported mainly by them and they build their houses and plant their food, on the other side gypsies are like a parasite living with the host nation, they mainly steal, beg for money or are involved in prostitution.
It was something about the idea of confusing the Turks so that they won't know when we say yes and when no
Some rooms didn't have enough desks for all of us
Good night
Totally
Trajan's rule was remembered in these lands until the medieval period, and up until the 11th century (which is when we became a East Roman vassal for 100 years) our rulers actually claimed the title Emperor
I feel like I'm watching the beginning of a huge social experiment, but unfortunately I'm part of it :(
By being in the EU, Sweden gains a lot more from other countries
People simply don't want a large muslim minority as they don't see the benefit from this change into their society, and even less so a muslim majority, considering Europe's falling population as opposed to the world's massively increasing muslim one.
Absolutely , I also agree with taking refugees but only real refugees not every random person who says he is a war refugee
Well the ESA is independent from the EU not to mention that it has been working with NASA on telescopes since the [IUE]
Some other legends claim he placed his wife's soul in the foundation of the bridge as sacrifice to the Devil, so the beridge can stand
Like especially government people here omg
It's a bad song which I despise, as well as the artist, but god damn I can't help myself but listen to it when I'm bored, it's unironically catchy
Same down here
In Bulgaria, the top smarthpone plans are 20gb for 35 euro, but you can get a 20gb plan for 12 euro too
We don't share your history of colonization, genocide and abuse.
Same goes for Buzludzha
I'm apologize to anybody who knows German
They are right-wing collectivists, as in they want government in matters such as borders, military, security, police enforcement etc., but don't want it in the economy, social affairs, education, freedom of speech etc.
I live in the center of Sofia so i drink tap water and its okay i guess, bottles would be a waste
Don't really care sadly our version of Trump is still in office
Kosovo don't want to be part of Serbia and want to be part of Albania, that was the reason Kosovo was created.
*Deutsch ist einfach
Author is just trying to be funny.
Neither is full blown socialism.
The EU makes Europe a very strong power in international affairs, be it economic ones, political ones or social ones
Turkey Assassination Suggests Erdogan's Loyalty Problem Is Lingering
BSP - largely unreformed communists
Zavist - envy
I know many are not like that but just calling them stupid or unstable is quite unfair
* the name can be transliterated into Latin (for international documents) only under the rules of the Transliteration Act - the name Миролюба can only be spelled Mirolyuba in Latin
How is giving them a better opportunity from the locally existing ones a bad thing?
What part of the finance sector, that  offers tens of thousands of high paying jobs, do you want to destroy exactly
They did, heavily
Should we go back to the otomam empire, send newborns to be trained in the Turkish military, so they can come back and murder us from time to time?
Even though they won, most people forget and think Russia actually lost the winter war
We finish up and one of our reachers calls me up and starts to talk to me in bulgarian as if she was never a german teacher  ... I wished for instant death, but I could just stay  there ... get super red and have a blank stare in my face
Finland just seems cool
Trolls commenting under our medias and in the social medias
5 % of revenue and it's main source of taxation remains in the new law, so no real change will be seen
Roses with a hint of дюнерче.
Bulgaria during the rule of Tsar Simeon
Don't you have any shame asking us to negotiate with a kodja shit-sultan, Mehmedite
Nah
It means "Studying languages is wonderful and I would be glad if you learned my language". It probably doesn't make any sense to you, even if you can read it, because it is written in Latin
Greece: How can you have so beautiful cities and yet all your buildings are covered in graffiti
Erdogan is actually fighting ISIS with troops on the ground at the moment.
Oh yeah, sorry, the government was appointed by blatant election fraud supported by the EU
Isn't that "**countries** whose nationalists want to slaughter you"
Джон мейд хиз уей ту а таверн тру да дарк форест, онли ту фаинд аут дат хи форгот хиз мони
maybe because he had a penchant for stabbing "allies" in the back
Things would be so much better if it weren't for so many voters being gullible and stupid
Those pesky Russians hacking paper ballots.
Their level had dropped by 14 points since 2001
Let us not forget it was people from his own party that introduced the outrageous marriage law for rape victims.
It means either they don't like to work, or they don't like what they work.
Pro: really cheap
If someone wants i can provide link to the article.
If you do, then you are officially a student worker, with a slight increase in your payment plus a possibility to get SU on top (depending on the amount they are giving you)
The police said a suspect was arrested.
So many people started bashing on Russia all of a sudden right before Trump takes office, am I to expect the war after all?
I bet he was so proud to be a socialist as he sat at the open casket funeral of his burnt and mangled friend
our entire government is a fucking meme
Of course, but "culture" would be very hard to measure, especially in a way that won't offend most participants.
Historically the only successful multi-ethnic entities were Empires.
They are slightly darker skinned than the rest and also they are somewhat more western than us
Good for us I guess
So Germany hasn't always been the guiding economy, at least in terms of growth which is what we're talking about.
I love how we and Bromania built ours almost on the border with eachother.
I have a bunch of clothes i wear only when i'm home (and maybe to the grocery store)
Thank you
Edit: it's called Darkest of Days
We do not necessarily have a whole lot in common now,  however I believe that EU-powered developments (border opening, encouraged trans-state migration and potential mixed marriages, joint multinational ventures etc
That's such a stereotype in this topic.
I remember constantly playing a PC game about them when I was a kid
"Mom is cat, dad is Baba Yaga(???), and I wasn't born the best one, I was deformed"/ "Mama koshka papa yozhka a ya ne urodilsya krivenkim rodilsya".
Ahahaha
It's funny how all of a sudden people having read practically nothing start judging other peoples' histories without knowing a damn thing about them
I am not saying it goes to some other place.
yeah I am not going to encourage people to do that shit from behind the computer screen lmao
Yes, UASG is slightly better but if the difference from the bottom of the list to the top of the list is only the difference between 63% employment and 70% employment, is it really that meaningful to employers
Mainland Greece is nearly a quarter of the total area of the Balkans
What on earth "the foi gras of jets" supposed to mean?
OMG YOU SPEAK SPANISH WHY ARE YOU PRETENDING THAT YOU DON'T SPEAK SPANISH
But have you been to SFRJ Club Vienna
I hope the same thing
Have a nice day
As weird as it might sound, it's probably for the best.
It sounds oddly similar to Hebrew to my ears.
Students always had to be selected for tertiary education
How often do you hear nationalists talk about returning Northern Dobrudja and how often about Romania's invasion in 1913?
Yes, but by their perspective you have been much more of a friend to them than us in EU/NATO
I bet only VW would feel "strong" change.
We shake our heads for 'yes' and nod for 'no'.
Some of the highest rates seem to be in the west, which has the least muslims.
It seems the taxes are the same as they were 2 years ago
Not really :(
БНТ (Bulgarian national television) has surprisingly kept its prestige even after the fall of communism and now has an array of four channels that feature the news, sporting events, TV show, movies and a lot more - it's pretty good in that regard
Sort by controversial and get your popcorn people
I feel you, not a fun place to be in, I am sure.
this gives me hope
He basically tried to do a Tiananmen Square square on them, and if he had more power, would've done it.
In Bulgarian we usually shorten up words when we talk to others which is not taught in schools
This is an old tradition in the early spring (1st of March) to wear a small amulet (martenitsa) made of woven wool threads.
What works there does not work for the whole union, you give a baseless statement
'' was said so much without explaining what soul in a building even is that it's now a thought terminating cliche
Bogomolka
I use Moovit, which is an app, that helps u when catching your bus or subway and tells you when and how to catch it
Exactly the same can be said about USA and UK intervention in Iraq tho, and there are no sanctions against them
"Fuck off Ken, they're filming midgets"
Games are always played best in their original language
He tried to push towards the use of Bulgarian words
He is an ethnic Turk who is a Bulgarian citizen.
"That you can do that, I did not know"
It’s clear the UK is going down the hill sharply
Happened to me more quite a few times
Bulgaria
Sure, there are some subjects that can absolutely be cut (like the second foreign language classes or IT)
Just don't do it man
There is no objectively good answer in politics, because if there was, we'll just have a cast of scientists leading the world with their cold and objective science and not little group of democracies disagreeing on fundamental principles like how the economy should work and what objective is the most important in a given situation
**Serbia** - Food's delicious
Forgot в - means "in" and is pronounced vuv
People don't want or need to experience military life.
No country can play cocky with all of its neighbors without consequences.
I also like Welsh, Japanese and a host of others
Mongolia
In Bulgaria  it's sometimes Austrian companies that renovate public spaces, Spanish ones build roads, French ones supply machines for factories, German ones build the metro, etc
After they pay utilities, many have enough money only for a slice or two of bread per week and that's it
And the 1000 years of decay, that is some bad history shit.
Both have a strong case for blackmail?
Most likely not
I only scratch my balls
It's very interesting reading all the comments and how strongly it varies.
In my book, milk doesn't go in tea at all
The interim Bulgarian government attempted to silently allow the destruction of Pirin national park for the construction of additional hotels and ski resorts, they tried to skip the part where they get an ecology assessment, but were found out and it's blowing up in their faces.
If you got any pictures of flowers taken out in the nature by you, please share.
Holy fuck, that's beyond creepy, extreme only begins to describe it
Sanders had better chances than Clinton vs Trump.
I shared the map because you said that surely visiting the UK in the future will be the same as visiting the non-EU countries and it would just require a visitor visa
Because it's a union of very different states and a lot more people
Also mentioning cultural economic, scientific and political influence internationally.
We celebrate both evenings
What Trump did right now goes beyond the realm of politics and responses like yours don't help anyone
Hmmm nope
Reading all the comments from neighbouring countries makes me feel as if i live elsewhere
All professions the state doesn't need and for whom there's little work
I know the general consensus of ALL Bulgarians.
Interestingly they've already began spreading their nasty tentacles and have bought half of all Bulgarian media and so have the Russians
Outside of school, it's very common to sign up kids for language lessons
I guess Romania
БНТ1, the state's channel, followed bTV and Nova
We need lustration of the people responsible for the mafia during the transition and we need to start from somewhere
We can totally imagine Putin saying one day he has to save the mistreated fellow citizens in BG
It's beyond shameful that my country was one of the instigators of the invasion and actively took part in it
But don't think in long term Britain can sustain pressure of much bigger entities trying to carve out portions of world economy for themselves.
They are more interested in our southwestern neighbor.
I know of a Romanian version of Sen Trope that was released after Azis's, but there could be a Serbian one too that I don't know of
The vast majority of experts agree Brexit will be bad for the UK's economy and thus their quality of live.
And furthermore the Union itself has been agreeing to it since the begging.
Third dumbest thing in recent history, after Trump & Brexit
Yes but you'd do it angrily
Very weak argument you have there.
Everyone wants the muscled toned guy, so use your anger to become like that.
Haha...Norway is quite famous for trails and your flair says you're not far from it.
For example, Britain has lost more money in revenue since Brexit, than what it had spent on Europe in all it's years on the EU
Italian  My mom is a huge Adriano Celentano fan so I grew up listening to Italian music
I know you are out there and I believe in you
Not like we have an entirely different history and descent
Obesity rates only play a part in overall life expectancy.
Berg means mountain in German :P.
They're just making up stuff to hype their "investments". And saying general nice stuff because that's what diplomats do
Amazing
Fun fact: This summer Greece made it mandatory to have a PCR test to enter there and there was kilometers of cars waiting at the Greek border, but not trying to visit our seaside (even though a PCR test costs ~€60 here)
"To feel like a white person" - Actual Bulgarian expression
Even if I am to ignore all of the atrocities that communists did, they are still a bunch of retards.
I like languages and nuance, so I'm not resentful towards the language itself
Same shit here
Could this be in fact just a plot to take these businesses from the owners and give them to Geshev's own friends
I'm sure this also applies to people state-to-state
I am sad they forgot the Serbians.
Thanks for the resources, I'll check them out.
No more cherry picking and special treatment, but that doesn't mean punishing you, just following the rules.
My point is the basics have to be taught always, but once in high school focus should be put on the best subjects for each individual student
Also, how would you classify a gypsy
If you want to eat from McDonald's why bother coming to another  country to do so
Mongolia
The very beginning of the Treaty of Rome defines its purpose as creating "an ever closer union".
Yes i can recognize most European languages, but i may confuse them with others in the same family.
So is the state burreaucracy taxing people, especially in places like France.
I'm pretty sure more Bulgarians speak Chinese than Patagonian, it's basic logic, duh
Those metrics have nothing to do with 'cultural closeness'.
We have one in the Capital
There are somwath popular in Sofia and not as much in the rest of the country
Happy independence day Suomi
I'm sad to say the Bulgarian people aren't better than our politicians :(
Emperor Nicephoros, not a great emperor really, but a decent cup
Simple fix then, just remove the hot spots.
We have a cold soup called tarator - it consists of yoghurt, cucumbers, garlic, salt, dill and maybe walnuts
So, visual studio Germany
But is this therapy free for thr inflected or they have to pay for it
We're also proud that the inventor of the first digital computer is John Atanassov, with Bulgarian descend
People massively moved from the villages to the cities
The nuances native speakers can see in the languages are something non-native speakers can't see until much later on
I just replied I was Bulgarian, then she asked me if I was Latino
Greece had many chances to default on its euro-denominated external debt and leave the Eurozone, but instead chose to sign a memorandum after memorandum with IMF and EZ.
Anyways somewhat recently the party broke down internally, but because of different external pressures, like Russia, Turkey allegiances and so forth.
I get drunk after 1,5 pints of lager
I consider myself a coward and even I'd kick the shit out of whoever has the balls to say we use the russian alphabet
I expect to explain us all these complains Greeks constantly make.
10C is perfection tbh
Otherwise, why don't we just share Napoleon's legacy
It is equally idiotic to believe the world can be rid of all weapons and we can live in a stateless society of disarmed and peaceful hippies.
But you had to return them with interest
You can also talk about the english "word" having a broader use.
My father had a greek friend he visited once in Thessaloniki and was told when he arrived that his friend will have to leave him for a couple of hours - he's going to a protest because the government is planing on cutting his sallary.
At some point you'll have to admit to historical faults.
So basically all the hysteria about both Brexiters and Trump being “Putin’s agents/little bitch” turned out bullshit?
A Grand National Assembly is like a temporary Senate - it holds 400, rather than 240 MPs, it can only be formed for the purpose to write a new Constitution, to change the territorial reach of Bulgaria, to declare wars etc
I have endless admiration for this and wish we were closer to this
XDDDD
No, Santa lives in Lappland which is a region located within three countries(if I am not mistaken) - Finland, Sweden and a small part in Norway
Different standarts I guess
He surely meant "throw them off rooftops like they do in muslim countries"
As this is a very Christian country and family is very important a lot of people got angry af
Damn, I'm angry
Quebec has its own culture which makes integration more demanding in similar way as in Europe.
If you think you're lucky that the French yeeted the arabs from Europe, you should definitely know about this guy
In my experience shitty journalism hates adblock just as much.
We love our anthem
I have had quite a lot of game starts with Ethiopia and I love the Coptic religion mechanism, their interesting starting position and the ability for expansion/colonisation
Not only the governments should decrease industrial fishing, but they must make an agreement and a strict program to revitalize the ocean flora and fauna.
Well, there is a community of Bessarabian Bulgarians in Moldova
I for one welcome our German overlords.
In Bulgaria, many homes are still heated by a Petchka, wood burning stove
15 leva (~ 4
Erdogan will stay for much more than 4 years.
Problem with Denmark entering the public view now is that all these rightwing monsters around the world are going to try and ruin it
No, you're not
Being a fan of those mangas is a pain.
The train system is expensive, goods and services require resources and someones time
You've had 15 terrorist attacks just in the past 3 years, man
> (BTW your English is impeccable)
We had the whole day to ourselves there, and we had a little game where we split in small groups to roam the city center and whoever finds the most expensive watch first would get  free lunch from the others
Even Myanmar announced its plan to convert to metric.
I know it's politics but just why
People were actively forbidden to go to church here in Bulgaria and society was even more regressive than before 1944, when everyone went to church.
So for all of you giving wonderful ideas about pizzas, you're replying to *that* type of person
He was very badly poisoned so if the Russians don't kill him themselves, the poor conditions and the after effects of the poison may finish him off
the closure of the Balkan route and the Turkey agreement
Shoes even though cheap, are of low quality, and the good ones are more expensive than in western europe.
No need for /s, Poland needs to get its shit together
To be fair this one is at least somewhat funny.
No but I don't see why you're okay with paying international aid for others (one of the most generous countries for that) but then not smaller aid for Europeans, where additionally lots of  your money gets back to you
Yeah you are right
Of course
[Ivan Vazov] - "the Patriarch of Bulgarian literature".
We got ourselves our first snow of the year today.
Reforming the bac will do much more than simply lowering the grades for entry
Like something out of fairy tale.
No - the "greek way" was to instead protest the cuts.
Children under 7 travel free and bikes and pets are allowed on all trains (bike ticket is 1€ regardless of the destination), and there are also various other types of discounts like return tickets, small group tickets and so on
USSR/Russia
Maybe just a bodyguard
Thanks
Though on one particular occasion I remember being told I'd end up "feeding ducks in the village", as in "so fucking stupid all you can do is feed livestock in a rural area" ...though, ironically, "ducks" can be used as slang for *dicks*.
He could be making last deals, could be looking for someone to replace them, find a way to make sure he isn't prosecuted
A lot of hypocrites here
Mumbambu - very Persian gulf-esque, but the majority Pastafarian population puts it culturally closer to Jamaica and Papua New Guinea
Germany would be my suggestion.
Catalonia would flat out be refused by Spain
You going to the bathroom any time soon?
Reeee dieee
That you can’t see the same pictures there?.
One good system is to use high school to focus on the individual skill of every student and tone down the other subjects like: Student has shown better grades or just general interest in mathematics during elementary and middle school and worse grades/less interest in languages
Good job on making some change tho!
Who told you this map as done by "the Western Allies"?
Here people only talk about words that have a Bulgarian equivalent but we end up using the loan word more often than not
Dude, and in the moment ISIS counter-attack, Iraqi or Syrian forces abandon their positions and flee like kids in kindergarten, leaving weapons and munitions behind.
Hate speech laws are idiotic and should be done away with.
By closing its borders to Russian troops that can be dislocated in Serbia.
Russians saw it as the western powers ignoring it completely when deciding how to handle the situation, circumventing the UN security council and using NATO as an aggressive alliance
The way things are going with the far right taking over, with the USA and Britain as a prime example, probably in a world war
We packed our stuff and left country as fast at was possible
Here's the simple math: my first job after graduating from university paid 700 €/month dead.
You can take up to 10 consecutive days from your G.P, anything more (up to six months) requires a sort of "medical council" with more than one doctor, I think
What pains me the most about this is that they paint child protective services as evil and side with every parent that got their kid taken away and that makes it harder to protect children who are actually being abused
> It is not that simple, friendly connection of Serbia with China (and with African countries if that matters) is older than EU, and Serbia does get at least some international support from China
And just like with all religions believe God is on their side, you firmly believe that out of all political groups it is exactly **yours** that happens to have "rational thought" on your side, and blindly hate the others.
I still wonder why is it, that if she is under investigation for wrong doing, is she allowed to stand for election?
Then ask for a refugee status, if they need to.
Bruh, Greece 2 levels above Bulgaria, Turkey, Serbia etc
Again calling 450 million people market which comprises one of the most developed and richest countries on the planet - a toothless tiger - is complete nonsense.
To be honest, if it was as easy as in the USA (legally), I would possess a fine collection of fire arms.
Excluding both coasts, the rest of the US is still quite racist.
Bulgarians gonna eat them anyway
Also that Saints Cyril and Methodius were Bulgarians who invented the Cyrillic alphabet
Still
We prefer pure stuff and mixing is usually reserved only for shots.
Especially college in Bulgaria is ridiculously cheap
2 of the biggest names in Bulgarian music collaborating, a really catchy song and to top it off, a mini dance craze, as well
, I've been to a lot of them, of course
but is Afghanistan really a safe place?
Because Serbia has ridiculously new and quality infrastructure her EU members don't have
And we have the right to discuss this side of the debate and their arguments here, same as we do the other side.
Who would you say is the least bad choice right now
Yeah, basically all of them bar Russia/Turkey (not exactly in Europe) have lower GDP per capita.
But before that it would be a catastrophy for the country's economy
I would give everything to know
No matter where one goes, if there are charterers/flights from foggy islands, for sure will encounter drunk and loud Britons.
To link the two events is intellectually dishonest.
> It's the North Macedonians who have am entirely different story
More than I used to and more them some people would expect.
Keep in mind this study is based on self-reported fluency, so it's to be taken with a grain of salt.
[Garash cake] and its walnut deliciousness
So yeah, pretty damn glad
Actually there can be many [thruths] all of which are valid.
Yes, we cooked an egg omelet once
Was doing language course for a hole year (9:00 to 13:00 every weekday) and there was another bulgarian girl
That's not how it works
Plovdiv - Very chill and relaxed, beautiful city , close to any holiday destinations from Greece to the Black sea or a mountain holiday however wages are disgustingly low unless you have a very high education but at the same time everything is cheap anyway
I mean, it's kinda your fault if you leave your car in a state that's easy to steal
I was in Chernobyl last August, one of the best moments of my life
Bulgaria
It seems a distinctly American thing to me
Macedonia: Why do you hate us
It's easier for me to understand all of these languages when written
On the other hand you can always bet on Anglophones to defend them even if the Americans themselves agree that they are making a mistake.
Why does a far right party accept foreign donations in the first place?
The EU was a tiny aspect of the Scottish independence debate,
Every cop is armed here
They have a 50% bigger population, also some of these comparisons are far from exact in PPP or nominal.
[This] here [handsome fella] owns all of [these] media outlets: websites, magazines, newspapers, radio stations, TV channels.
A lot of people start going in middle school
The real shock was an international study of reading known as PIRLS, published in 2017, in which French pupils lagged in 34th position, behind those in Spain, Portugal and Italy
There is hope, I guess
After our liberation from Ottoman rule, the first two of our monarchs were German
We had exactly the same transition and zero politicians who have a net positive rating.
* the [Devil's bridge] in Ardino - according to legends, no one could build a bridge over the rushing river but a young builder accepted thr task
The "big" break is about 20 minutes for lunch
However, "сирене" (cheese) is also a popular option
So if 2 muslims live there the village should be, theoretically, completely open to the remaining 2 billion if more want to move in at any given point in the future?
16-17C and lower is a cold room for me
No matter how many people think that, no matter the reason
Here people only talk about words that have a Bulgarian equivalent but we end up using the loan word more often than not
We also "inherited" many of the people who have the power - one way or another.
He thinks that anywhere there is a Russian flag is part of Russia.
Jesus, why did they cut all these trees?
Pretty common, even though we have a couple of substitutes
Also:
That's an all or nothing false dilemma type fallacy, isn't it
Once the Turkish ethnic party is removed from our Parliament they'll be able to revoke the voting rights of those hundreds of thousands of Turks that influence our elections every time.
Ohh God
I just try to keep it short so he/she can hopefully get the clue and understand that I am not interested in having a conversation.
"Mom is cat, dad is Baba Yaga(???), and I wasn't born the best one, I was deformed"/ "Mama koshka papa yozhka a ya ne urodilsya krivenkim rodilsya".
Yep I remember those times in elementary school older kids would call the police and say that there is a bomb in the school so they don't do the test that day
On the day of decision, two areas were considered for the first, 6 judges voted it was unconstitutional and 5 that it was
Здравей, казвам\* се\*\* Джон, удоволствие е да се\*\* запознаем. Откъде си?
As a Bulgarian, I mind the name.
It was something not many people talked about and I wasn't that excited to go, but my english teacher basically told me "You're the best in your class/year, so you gotta". I won 2nd place, which means I went to regionals with the 1st place girl
Capital of the Eastern Roman Empire and the Ottoman Empire
Idk, it's not that easy, otherwise I would apply this picosecond for it
This is longer than most land borders existing today.
Not all, no, but a troubling amount.
funny how one can get away with such a comment on reddit or 9gag,
It is a must here in Bulgaria
Still back then we were chasing our national reunification with Dobruja and Macedonia
I'm sorry, you brought this on yourself
I’d say it feels closer to answering the phone by saying what
"Гушкаш букета" Or "Hug the bouquet', cuz u know
So from the point of view of the artist it's a great success
The media is shutting down the information
A job gives you income which allows you to purchase more goods.
I'm actually very surprised when somebody I meet (around my age) doesn't know any English, and I've had friends express similar disbelief when people they work or study with are unfamiliar with it
The train system is expensive, goods and services require resources and someones time
But yes our situation isn't rosy and it's going to get worse if we don't do something about it
>You're just justifying German or British policies, failing to remember that we're talking about France, a country with an egalitarian culture contrary to the other two
There is no correlation between religiousness and acceptance in this map, so find another reason.
There used to be none, and now the place is littered with them, and police doesn't seem to care (she's been photographed several times by different people, so probably not hard to identify her)
* Dobromir(a)
I watched the "Eight Dwarfs" last week
It's the most practical choice i can think of.
I had no idea that's a skandinavian thing.
You could televise Le Pen eating a child on TV, yet a significant part of her voter base would still vote for her, just because she's "not part of the evil establishment".
IS that supposed to be some inferiority complex?
Nobody paid anything for free, cause you know what, there is no such thing as free lunch.
Happy Martisor btw
I've heard that word when i was a kid in some villages.
Trus in Bulgarian means quake/shake, divan - sofa and kvachka - duck/annoying person
I've been living in the UK for some years now and I still can't get used to the "Alright
Some languages i understand more, some almost nothing.
After all they were all criminals and didn't pay enough of their horrendous crimes!
It is the same as yours - you choose a party and a favored candidate
Dutch organisation
But planina I have no idea where it came from
I don't know any famous beautiful gypsy woman from Bulgaria, to be honest.
By that logic I imagine if a company's profits increase the CEOs will be more inclined to raise their bonuses in stead of developing the company.
Or can you imagine Russia with 25 times bigger GDP
Another unique characteristic of Bulgarian is that it has suffixed definite articles, which Russian does not.
I don't know any Germans but even I would know immediately that he is German
We only have it as an adjective, "revnosten", meaning passionate or staunch in regards to a position - a supporter or opponent to something
Like i have cancer so maybe i should get syphilis too, because you know i already have cancer!
Really
The Balkan wars since we had just gotten our Unification and independence and we were beating armies while at disadvantage
I love the quote from the Daniel Bernmar guy:
The extremist governments should have had their last days in 1945
Many people know about how the Danes stood up for their Jews during the Holocaust but so did the Bulgarians
Energy efficiency is so low in Russia
I'd like to thank the black sea for always being our coast sea
> now students have to be selected
I say this a a believer
You got me on Unity, good job there guys!
You can't just protest without having some kind of demands
Hollywood actress who was born in Bulgaria but raised in Canada.
One second of inattention, dead for life
I suggest this one:
Well yes, but actually no
Otherwise the people I vote for are "I trust your intentions but not your ability to pull it off".
Just kidding :P
* Thessaloniki is **Solun**
The cheap shit is the same trash and the expensive ones are good, that is what matters.
I love the taste of mish mash but the texture is too soft on it's own
Lol
Even though i read about it, still can not comprehend, why of a sudden Turkey laid claim for several non-inhabitant islands.
That dude got absolutely annihilated by the Dutch press
You son of a...
I've always thought "taking back control" from Brussels and giving it to Westminster would be a terrible decision for Brits.
Oh, look, that nice Greek colleague has some problems with the Turkish office, I think I'll cozy up to the Turkish office in order to not let any problems fuck up my desk, morals be damned
And it seems everyone in this thread is reading the title without actually clicking on the article to see that OP just made this bullshit up.
We sail everywhere and we settle everywhere and we do whatever we want anywhere on the Globe.
The US has around 60 000 military personnel in Europe and there have been numerous proposals to decrease that number or remove all of them
He was a fish woman
It is connected much more with anglo-sphere than with the continent itself.
Immigration *is* a privilege, and the countries that formed the EU chose to give that privilege to each next joining it.
I have a problem with the idea that is spreading across society at the moment that you can censor or remove some entirely valid point or reliable information (such as the one presented here), because of the *underlying motives* you presume behind it, and because you do not politically agree with those motives.
I am sorry but Lol
For example in [Shumen] there is a main street whose numbers start at the end of the city and grow larger towards the centre, which is opposite of the standard numbering scheme
Frogs I do not know
I think two groups contribute to this
The migrant flow and grip on Europe has generally declined and steps have been taken for expulsion of illegal immigrants.
Yeah after I wrote that I decided to google it just in case and according to wikipedia we have oblique?(accusative + dative apparently), genitive, vocative and instrumental.
I certainly don't want my culture to be replaced or subjugated by another one.
Greece have much greener and cleaner islands than the ones mentioned above.
I'm not sure if this is a regional/cultural thing or just some schools, but in my experience of our education system it felt like literally nobody ( not the students, and so not the teachers ) gave a damn about anything
As in, when do taxes become theft.
Not to mention that the plot was real anyways
That's how it's defensive
The US is the only developed country with no plans of introducing metric cause they say, cost will be many billions of dollars.
I hope they do lead to some good changes this time
In the 4th century, the [Gothic] bishop, missionary and translator [Ulfilas] (Wulfila) obtained permission from Emperor [Constantius II] to immigrate with his flock of converts to Moesia and settle near Nicopolis ad Istrum in 347-8
I mean djis are popular and I'm willing to bet at least Phantom 3 cause there is no fish eye effect but somehow flying in those temperatures doesn't seem like a great idea to say the least.
And we stand with Greece and Armenia
Government Spending as a share of GDP in Europe
> It seems like you can't really achieve change just by peacefully protesting and letting yourself be beaten
I think it would be a good idea if Albania was shown more to the people here, as commercials and stuff...
I don't blame the medias too much honestly,they are Bulgarian/Romanian citizens so I get why they're reporting it just like that,but imho people should know that they're **not ethnic Bulgarians/Romanians**. They live in a parallel society to ours and the only thing we share in common is the country
Why should any decent person not discriminate against fascists or nazis?
Alright, thanks for the info
Sorry, someone posted another one, try [this]
Things look one way in theory and another in practice.
>You can't force teenagers to spend 7 hours a day craming worthless  garbage in 12 different subjects with no real use and expect them to  care
Try to make a coherent point, will you?
I would like to thank Greece and Turkey for managing their tourism way better than us (Bulgaria)
I personally do not steal anything.
Ha ha ha...you're double dutch, one of those that don't like to spend money at all :P
bonding over Macedonians
Reason is so people who use apple can use public utilities provided in the EU like charging ports
A train from Vienna to Istanbul via Beograd and Sofia and from Vienna to Athens via Beograd and Thessaloniki will be a good option
It is very common to drink tap water
they will try more very soon
Where have you read in my comments such things?
It's a little bit different between saying these things and actually doing them
that's interesting
/r/Europe for the past few days
Poland in 2007 had a lower GDP PPP/capita than Bulgaria in 2016.
* the [Devil's bridge] in Ardino - according to legends, no one could build a bridge over the rushing river but a young builder accepted thr task
Nowadays English, German, French and Spanish are the most popular second and third language
I wouldn't call it the most important but Ohrid is underrated
Chinese companies do not operate in free market conditions, the government intervenes far more in pricing and with subsidies, compared to Western countries, especially in upstream companies.
Currently we're more concered with some other leaders being ridiculous (something about a guy carrying around a supermarket bag) but our Prime Minister is a meme *goldmine*.
edit: Actually the biggest crowd favorite here:
But we're talking economics here, what can the government do with it's tools to influence the market and society to prosperity
What can the EU do in this instance
The Ottoman empire / Turkey
In Bulgaria shitting on everything for no reason whatsoever is a national sport basically
I think these photos are from the Zheravna festival that happens annually (not counting 2020) in Bulgaria, where people all wear traditional dress that was typical for the 19th century
A typical fix for them is to rent out parts of their buildings to private clinics, so they can make some money
It is scary how precisely scripted their response is.
Portugal cannot into Eastern Europe then
Someone should make a the same map but for different underdeveloped and autocratic countries
Writing debt off can be only temporary solution.
I don't get what these internet pirates are so worked up about
Reeee dieee
Europe and Erdogan can't remain friends because of his increasing authoritarianism but there's still the economic interest that both sides want to keep.
that can be contested as financial overstretch (in addition to many other issues) might have seriously contributed to the demise of the USSR.
In the rural countryside, where they can do whatever they want without facing any repercussions.
I was never here in the 1990s but I know it's much better here today (at least that's what the folks here say).
It's no secret that Бате Бойко isn't the smartest of individuals
It's very arrogant of Russia to get angry at other countries because they want military cooperation between themselves.
Russia used to have 2,5% share in Italian exports, in 2016 its share is 1,7%.
Some ignorant Westerners think that Eastern Europe is just Russia and it's still socialist, which triggers the Bulgarian and the other ethnicities
in two beautiful eyes;-music-rays
Historians are still trying to calculate the number of people killed in much later conflicts like WWII and despite the extensive records kept by the belligerents the figures usually vary quite a bit
Ever heard of Vratsa Region
* We call diapers "pampersi" after the Pampers brand;
Eastern Europeans are not numerous - they are fewer than the Western Europeans, and yet also have catastrophic birth rates and death rates.
Video evidence is often not allowed in court, and it's hard to convict people without witnesses.
I rent a small apartment with my gf, but we are both registered at our respective parents homes
List of ingridients on food package
Edit: missing word
You don't have the right to travel because you are a worker, you have the right to spend the money you were compensated for by giving your expertise and time for whatever you wish
So, this is the cheapest advertisment and publicity he can get, right?
largely in relation to the "refugee crisis" and their government in general
"The sound of madness" by Peter Brookes.
If shit hits the fan I hope we can offer an immigration policy to the decent people who value freedom of expression in Turkey.
> ####Article 1
And fucking trailer parks, don't you guys actually have those specially designed for gypsies so they stay there and not pollute your city
This is probably the only time anybody has cared what Cardiff Metropolitan University has to say about something.
I needed math for the university entrance exams for what I wanted to study, and the things we were taught in the private courses were both not taught in highschool, and 100% necessary to pass even with the minimum
That was because the Democratic establishment has good connections with the media were on her side.
Same reason why the BEL exam is mandatory
Makes sense, if you ask me
I posted some links in the thread, but what's so awesome about divas and fat sweaty guys glorifying money and sex
Or with special permission from parents?
It's a Germanic language, where half the words are from Romance languages
For decades now Turks always say "The Kurdish population is 15 million".
Nobody made you accept eastern european countries in the EU, we didn't make the free movement laws.
That's why people are protesting
It's the go-to conspiracy
I've never seen it shown on TV, so maybe that's one of the main reasons it's not so popular.
GONDOR CALLS FOR AID", so don't worry about your joke being bad :D
Oh boy, Ottoman Empire occupied Bulgaria for nearly 500 years, was separated in two after it split from it, had to get independence separately, then had two balkan wars on opposite sides and communism pretty much separated Bulgaria and Eastern bloc from the rest of the world so yeah if relations are improving, it's now
The other group of people are the expats, which, for the most part, are a very welcome addition
**Slovak** 10-15% - Mostly gibberish, but noticeably more understandable than Czech and Polish
Will the MPs actually support triggering Article 50 in these circumstances?
Figure skating too - our girls are (one of) the best.
Yes, as long as we're healthy and financially stable it'll be all good
Could this administration be giving off any more red flags?
They appeal mostly to nationalists, who often overlap with football hooligans
I always use the international version of websites if possible.
Yes they are but I try to talk as hard as I can
[2019 Bulgaria revenue agency hack – Wikipedia]
And do you remember from history how many invasions there were from Asia to Europe?
History and religion also have no place from  grades 1 to 4
Well if all you say is, the good old days strong middle class are gone, you will only become poorer and your kids are likely going to be poorer than you while income inequality rises, so the top dogs get richer and richer, you are NOT going to get voted in.
*squints at Iceland*
Bulgaria has border controls with all of our neighbors.
) taking place in Zheravna
Attempted coup in Montenegro, constant threats to the Baltics and Poland.
i hate the "th" sound
jk :)
Pathological gamblers and the easily addicted are wonderful prey for the gam(bl)ing industry's 'whale hunters'. These are direct terms used by said industry, btw, as in 'prey' and 'whales'. This isn't trust fund billionares throwing excess money away, it's erakwilled, mentally ill people whose issues are being supported and exploited by a predatory industry
I could never figure out why Santorini or Mykonos for example are so famous?
>Students across France have been staging protests against President Emmanuel Macron’s proposed education reforms, which would introduce tougher entry requirements for the country’s universities
And Indians can only dream of the standard of living of your average Pole.
People downvoting you and comments related to yours are truly pathetic
We call it Viena
I've graduated and am working in the construction engineering sector in DK
I thought that's the point of what ifs
(Which is *very* rare for the Balkans)
> there is a tendency to stereotype every European cuisine other than France, Italy, Spain, Greece and Portugal as horrendous and bland
Cyrillic ain't russian
* [Srebarna lake] \- a lake used by dozens or endangered species as a resting stop along their migratory path
That's how I see it
In France, though, the shake-up may well create an uproar
just swim l0l
This is the definition of a straw man and you just did it
>It is highly unlikely that any of our neighbours would attack us
So these churches are real, and while I cannot be 100% sure about the rule, but I also don't see any other reason for the weird churches
Joking about sex
Men are told they have to do one gay porn film so they go on to women, but then they only do gay porn
So the protesting crowd (by far the larger part of it) represents the most pro-EU constituency here
I've hiked from here to the Rila monastery.
Sure he's controversial (he was a communist as well) but you have to learn how read beyond that and judge it as according to the times he lived in as opposed to the times we live in now
Fun fact, in Bulgaria we even call Christmas “Koleda”.
Britain is free to trade with whoever they want.
Don't worry, I already got my brother to vote for you as well.
I didn't rank the parties in terms of how pro-EU they are.
Miss universe does not in any way reflect beauty.
I hear he also understands German pretty well.
I think as far as ex-Bulgarian territories go, that one is least talked about just because we're basically experiencing the best relations we've ever had with each other
Was on a school trip about a decade ago through Europe, and Zurich was beyond anything a bunch of Bulgarian middle school children have ever seen in luxury retail
TL;DR: Your comment is how you create EU skeptics
I don't know about the British ones, where did they come from, (probably something like "Bad Bulgarians, Bad Romanians, Bad Poles!") but I guess Spain just doesn't have the mentality to produce such populist retards.
Trump is president, not Emperor, you are entirely delluded as to the extent of his wishes within a system like the American with such a strict division of powers and very powerful, secured from top-down pressure governmental positions spread out in an administration.
Only "animals" i ever killed are ants or other bugs i accidentally stepped on, or not so accidentally if they were inside my house.
When Finland has higher temperatures than Hungary
Like half of population of Europe can't really use that argument against you given their similar history.
It wasn't just a burn, depending on the situation, there might be a girl dropping not so subtle hints situation as well.
Read russian
All countries have gone through bad rule that put people down and stunted development.
For example, there's a good number of Germans in Bulgaria who are over 65 and live here comfortably with their pensions, while they would struggle in Germany
I really didn't like it
tasty
> Well, if they managed to reach 12th grade, you'd expect them to at least be literate
The police doesn't bother to go there, because they are afraid, or they are afraid to do anything, even if they go there.
Greece has more Mediterranean vibes than the rest of the balkans
The point of a brand is to market the products of a company in order to bring it profit.
I can tell you from experience that government agencies in Bulgaria use XP computers today
Happy independence day, Lithuania!
Same in Bulgarian, pronounced the same way as the Romanian - we don't differentiate between rifles and shotguns
Lets not pretend Greece didn't know about these debts and didn't do shit for two decades too.
Its at the lower parts of Vitosha mountain and most TV shows and mainstream music videos are shot there
I wish
Well its still not 90% like any other place, so its relatively good.
Alternative facts for alternative fact checkers, yep wouldn't be surprised if this is what President Twitler wants.
Look him up on wikipedia, he has a n interesting story and Ivan Vazov is something like the greatest Bulgarian poet
And that well known moron has 20 plus upvotes.
Lol, as always we're the leaders in the "Dont know, dont care" cathegory.
They were a bunch of funny characters
The island had a substantial Turkish population known as the [Cretan Turks] Today there are no Turks in Crete.
The guy who collects all the garbage
Curious facts: Simeon II was one of two monarchs in history to be later democratically elected as head of government and he is last living person who bore the title tsar
About 43 on that corruption index, I honestly expected worse
The other weak point - Italy, has the same problem as Greece.
>Богомолка
Well I just went on youtube and everything that is from Bach is playable so I don't know what you're talking about
And for Pete's sake forgive some of Greece's debt.
Jesus fucking Christ, would you stop repeating that already
Something all socialist have been campaigning for years
We have some universities that *kind of* look like this.
Interesting boat design
Hot Slavic girls in miniskirts all over Eastern Europe partying, working freely, marrying whoever they want, fucking whoever they want, studying whatever they want - we even lead the world, including western Europe, in female work participation and female bosses.
The rest
Hopefully you Czechs and Slovaks don't have ill feelings lingering towards us
wars with Byzantium, Latins etc) and then 9-11 grades would be for European/World history and finally 12 is like a big overview of Bulgarian and 19/20th century world history (we do learn 19/20 century history before that so 12th grade is mostly as I said overview for the matura test at the end of the year)
This is the same reforms that are proposed today, really
* the [darvobrad tree] (named after the ents from LOTR)
No it shouldn't. Trains are far more efficient for passenger transport than buses, let alone a car
I never knew Bansko was so popular in Kosovo.
right back at y'all
Thats why i play on English even though my language is available
I'm not talking about destroying the entire thing and neither is Macron
There are also rumors that they will be putting John Bolton in the administration, who was an Iraq war hawk.
church services
Italians are called 'Jabari'. That means eating frogs
Bergen is very famous because of the old wooden houses and architecture.
If Hitler won, my people wouldn't exist today, and many others.
Doubt in whatever you want but the way things go, i wouldn't be surprised if visas are reintroduced.
Pretty much the same way - dumb, backwards and populist oligarch voter base
Looking back at history its really hard to put any trust in them.
The better the schools the more talent will come
The struggling begins when one identity threathens another; before that it's just, meh, whatever.
It's very positive Serbs welcome the EU reforms.
Stereotypical answers would be British and Russian.
Its very scary but most people dont care, which i find very dumb
Ah, yes, my favourite "educational" channel growing up
The "official English name"? Mate, what
So many things haha
All we can hope for is that a conflict like that doesn't happen ever again
Like a ready done essay for example
Han Krum,
They even took [baba Vanga] to the hole so she can examine it, and after she did, she warned them that there is something very old and very dangerous in there and she begged them not to open it
I saw some olive trees, but not many.
On the 2nd of January 2021, I definitely see something like this, especially if they leave with no FTA negotiated
It's important for neighboring countries to cooperate and know more about each other.
Meanwhile Bulgaria is almost the least happy country in Europe at 105th place, just above Sierra Leone.
And second, as USA slides into isolationism, there must be someone else to oppose Russian aspirations in Europe.
It's stupid if someone says he speaks Serbian, if he has never learnt it.
To me personally it is entirely based on the Greek since it shares a lot of letters with it written exactly the same and only one letter from the Glagolitic Ш. The Glagolitic one, looks like the Georgian alphabet or an alien script
Also these people wanted to make a independence referendum around 1991/1992 but weren't let by Kiev, why shouldn't they have the right to do it, if for example parts of Serbia try to separate from it?
Sweden gonna have problems with so many muslims unless they're integrated and 'under control'.
" It comes from labelling their language as "gibberish" centuries ago, and it just stuck, transcending borders between us
Well since suspecting is irrelevant, I will have to do it for you.
Serbians have amazing barbecue and alcohol
Op, you could have included those [1] [2] examples so people get general idea of how their result correlates to real life politics.
You realize that the eastern part was multi-ethnic as well?
Read the article, only one businessman said it welcomed it.
What else could possible be the reason out of all countries in Europe, it's always *precisely* Turkey and Russia that constantly appear in a negative light on this sub.
EU is evil
ok, this thing won't go our way without violence
Not only Germans in particular, but rather people from Central/Western/Northern Europe
I'm completely fluent in English and have no accent anymore but words like jeweler and jewelry *still* give me a hard time
Pic from Sofia from last week:
Meanwhile i enjoy drinking wine.
5)Russia - they fought "for us" and they kinda did but then Alexander III didn't like our knyz since he didn't want to be a puppet
I've accidentally said I'm going "to the magazine" a few times, lol
40 - 60% - Czech is very easy to understand, in my opinion
**Ukrainian** 20-30%. This is the last one which I would say is understandable to me, even if only at times
Nah, the Roman Empire is definitely Italian
How to spot Americans 101
Here's an old school song I love:
We call Beijing Pekin, Munich is Myunhen and Edinburgh is Edinburg
In the 90s and especially in Communist times it was either frowned upon or people were straight up told to shave it by their boss
The courts since refused to hear other cases arguing the matter is decided
I have been to several Banana Republics in the US.
As i suggested, kick easterners out and stick to the muslims.
Settings on a washing machine
Some of those have analogues or kind of analogues in Bulgarian so I get what you mean, it would be really weird to use words like that when talking about those things, lol
Probably based but the only really pro-EU, anticorruption parties are Da, Bulgaria and New Republic (which wasn't even mentioned here) - and both are threatened to not reach the entry barrier.
Bosnia as entity is a powder keg.
From February 1st until then nothing really changes for the UK
Its human nature to shit anywhere we want.
I would say that countries in Eastern Europe percieve weed in a similar way
This line of thinking never ends well
Free and un-restrained capitalism isn't good either.
People are free to choose where they live, where they rent, where they work.
So if i understand correctly your premise is that people should base their political opinions around how people of similar opinions in other countries perceive them?
How is it better
Pretty much nothing, if you read this sub.
I hope it's not the "mersi" one which is very informal
Two years ago the same kind of non-sense gained a lot of traction here (people completely misunderstanding the concept of gender as a social construct)
I guess I love all the languages.
The president just followed the code.
Nobody sees U-turn regarding Briquit.
And Mexico borders Texas but you can still picture the stereotypical cowboy and the stereotypical Mexican and they're nothing alike
The American society doesn't reflect my values and the job opportunities I have in other countries, are far superior than those in the US
There are very few languages I dislike the sound of
We're the only one that has the Lion because our country kinda looks like a lion.
Once again bordering Serbia, guess some things never change
“The reform introduced the fact that the criteria used to select students is going to be based on the marks of their last years of high school, on their motivation and teacher’s opinions, and not at all on the baccalaureat,”
He refuses to live with them during the winters because he doesn’t want to be a burden
>(3) No part of the people, no political party nor any other organization, state institution or individual shall usurp the expression of the popular sovereignty
One happened in 91-95 and other one started in 98
Some of those have analogues or kind of analogues in Bulgarian so I get what you mean, it would be really weird to use words like that when talking about those things, lol
You as a Russian may not understand Bulgarian that well probably because Bulgarian, while being a Slavic language, has some unique characteristics, which it shares along with Macedonian(but that is another story).
If they are trully bulgarian they can keep their bulgarian citizenship and deal away the other one, simple stuff.
I will and I'm trying to influence my family and friends to do the same.
I'd say it is pretty hard to learn both for Bulgarian
Edit: Weirdly I got several replies with the exact sentiment in under five minutes, from different users as well
IT was already said many times that he was not dead at the time of the attack.
Sunny Beach
It conducts diplomacy and trade on behalf of its members and many of its citizens identify as European through it.
resign
Greeks live for the now, not for the future.
Our Fatman can't even get that thing correctly
Wow, is that really the entire country of norway
I feel ashamed :(
What's going on
Never been to Britain, never wanted to visit and never will visit the UK.
Venezia is insane
If you want to know what the difference is in terms of powers and responsibilities, you need to look up the constitution or some summary of it and you will get an idea
Generally people wouldn't tell the difference between Rugby or American Football, but we got some fans of both
we should stop having each of his statements on the Ist page or /r/Europe
Looks about average
It's just what it is: on Friday night you and friends get in the car and three hours later you're on the Greek shore, eating dinner in Thessaloniki
They do
The best way to define where your country is is by at your neighbours
They're literally lying for their numbers, we shouldn't take it into account
You just don't have the right to take them from someone else by force.
What that system is - democracy, monarchy, dictatorship etc.
Countries affected by USSR influence in the past, what is your opinion on the Soviet monuments constructed in your countries
Fellow Bulgarians who shit on [MUH GLORIOUS SOFIA!]
We were perfectly fine without their occupation
We shall call it Euro English (especially after Brexit)
But, Trump-the-Clown has stated his administration will implement isolationism as state policy.
Walls and fences work, it's truly *that* simple.
Even 30 years ago when Bulgaria was a communist country, it is not the same country with the present day Bulgaria
Set A should stop subsidising those ungrateful B-ers.
It's pretty big, you'll get tired
Well, that's largely because there's another Turkish party (дпс), which the other, controversial one (ДОСТ) split off from, so the voter base is split.
DPS will get their regular 10% of votes.
* [Pirin Natural park] \- one of the highest mountains in Bulgaria and the Balkans, preserving alpine and subglacial natural habitats;
God damn it, those foreigners going for our women!
Thank you
I am against such a tax because it will actually leave poor people, who are living month for month, a privilege that they will probably not be able to take advantage of(because they are poor I fail to see how the smallest expense in a holiday will help them afford said holiday or even time off) and in the end leave them worse of
People are pretty chill, it's kind of our stereotype for them
Because the type of Bulgarians that would lash out and be idiotic don't really know English that well and probably don't even know about reddit
The free tuition applies only for graduate schemes and a very limited amount of master degrees
- lol`d
They are not in Turkey because of their own free will, they were forcefully expelled from Bulgaria during the 80s under the Zhivkov regime.
Are the EU and the Eurozone the same thing though?
They still made the right decision
Corruption, shady businessmen, we hate our politicians.
Not sure whether it counts as fast food or just a restaurant chain but I would love for the Bulgarian chain Happy to open in the UK city I moved to
Commonly referred to as a "princessa" but some parts of the country call it a "strandjanka". This is a topic of debate and heated argument, whether they are different, how so, and which is correct
at the moment
After all crisis started because of excessive spending on the first place.
We gonna break that black magic but you have to gather ALL of your money, gold and so on here on the table.".
In Bulgaria, it’s probably Plovdiv and Varna, the 2nd and 3rd biggest cities
300+ wars with Byzantium and 4 with Greece since 681
Ukraine's biggest ever mistake
Edit: But my classes have always been at around 28
Maybe if "Save Sofia" makes a political party for the next elections, they'd get my vote
Historically you are the exact same equivalent to Bulgaria that Moldova is to Romania.
Services that involve mostly local labour can be much cheaper.
Or Hitler's for that matter
> Unless you of course think that calls for boycotts validate sanctions
Pretty common, even though we have a couple of substitutes
Overall, I don't think it's taboo but I wouldn't share my income to people who didn't ask, and might refuse to answer to people who asked if I decide it might create problems or tension
In that order
We're talking about modern times.
Also if a manufacturer lists a price as set price, rather than recommended price, you have to sell it at that price or not at all
Basically any name that ends with iu
It's going take more than a century, and when it comes to race wars, Europeans conduct the BEST race wars.
AfD member of the parliament: "We should throw gays into prison too like they do in muslim countries!"
Also [this kind of stuff]
&#x200B;
You have all the right to food, water, shelter and any other material or service good.
Yes, sure
If all the cities had a accessible price to get a flat, then the country side will be even more depopulated
To me, the EU having power over Bulgarian laws is actually beneficial, as Bulgaria being a post socialist "Republic" has incredible problems with administration and law making processes
Britons have posted that as answers.
The Chief Public Prosecutor wasn't essentially a player on the government's team who could be used against any opposition or businessman that the government doesn't like
I feel like I'm talking to Stalin.
But this topic isn't about Macron or Merkel, it's about Le Pen and Putin.
SBCM and Bulgarian are about 60% mutually intelligible, so no that surprising
To assimilate is to become part of one of them, rather than live 4 generations in France but still identify as an Algerian, look at the indigenous people as "others", actively profess Islam and consider the Muslim world closer to you culturaly than Europe and the Western World.
Just bacause the GERB candidate is pathetic.
What can also be breathtaking is the air pollution in sofia
Why would you vote against it
which didn't save a lot of lives
There's a huge gay porn company there, so that might be why it's such a big number
Ah yeah, fair enough
He was asked at a campaign event and you can't just say no at those so he gave a conclusive non answer
Varna is the so-called sea capital, Plovdiv gets a lot of new investments ever since the highway in the South was built (the highway Sofia-Varna has been in construction for 46 years; yep, you read that correctly)
But every country has their regional variations on exact ingredients and their ratio
I see some generalisations and they come close, but the only answer that could be 100% fair to the question is: it is different for every country
Shitposting on the highest level basically.
I honestly don't see much difference between America's "imperialism" and Russia, and imo Europeans should feel generally the same.
I think you're gonna take off now that you've started properly using EU funds.
We need to go in the streets, emails and upvotes are easily ignored
Interesting questions, but if you mean a bunch of self-serving populists with the grace of a donkey who desperately latch onto power, then yes
"Yes"
The best way to define where your country is is by at your neighbours
Just
Russian - Спасибо
And to be a fullfledged member of the society you need to speak the language on a decent level
The girls got the menstruation talk, no idea about the boys
>The new French bac, which will be awarded for the first time in 2021, will look more like the school-leaving exam in other European countries, where continuous assessment represents a big chunk of the final grade, and subject specialism, such as for British A-levels, is common
aaa
The average salary in Turkey is now similar to that in Ukraine
> Saw this on r/dankmemes and thought I'd pollute *other* subs with it
incorrect
A lot
While I do think your economy can take it some of the recent proposals are more questionable, especially taken together.
Trump-the-Clown can shovel his tweets up his arse.
I haven't gone talking shit about the Netherlands, because I am not Dutch and I don't want to make a fool out of myself like you just did
That is why we, modern day dwellers, don't know much about the actions taken in the newly discovered and colonized territories by the European colonial powers.
Thanks for the response, I like learning about the situation in Serbia, the English Internet is sadly poor in this regard.
No mercy for noobs
In all likelihood they'll put a filtering system on the filter, where if your IP is not from the E.U. the filter would give you an auto-pass
Wait what
The tough times are already here.
I can't really judge it on just one day
They usually get portrayed as basic drunks, really poor and who exclusively listen to Serbian pop-folk (a Balkan type of music)
&#x200B;
England however wants special deal for export of financial service to EU.
Not only that, my unicorn friend, but the money sinking into mafia pockets will actually make things worse here
It created different reality and Bosnia is no longer in the state it used to be in the time of Yugo as federal entity.
I remember making a project on Shintoism when we studied Asia
Veliko Tarnovo on steroids
I've heard on the news that Russia is considering to offer millitary help to Lukashenko
But does not want to: - be subjected to the same rules, standards and Regulations as the rest of EU, to be under the European Court of justice, to let other EU nationals to move freely on UK, to pay contributions ot EU
"Yes"
After 12 years of this circus who in their right mind would want to stay in a school
Actual combing
Who he thinks he is to warn EU about anything?
The right question actually Is - *should it*?
It's enough though, Islam's role model is a pedophile warlord.
I've never heard something like that, interesting
Most of the young people wouldn't like to go somewhere to waste their time with idiots shouting pointless orders, especially because the things are way different than 30 years go.
Most masters degrees are paid and actually quite expensive
In my country there is not a single place where they sell Doners without potatoes in it
Oh, damn near every fairytale featured some beheading, torture or other brutality
Yes
I don't actually get "if Scandinavia is socialist"...
Friendly reminder: wrongthink doubleplusungood
Every English speaker messes up the name of Sofia - they pronounce it like the female name, instead of how we call it - with the stress on the "o".
Huh, Putin actually does something smart.
Are you fine if she's kissing Putin's ring instead of Merkel's?
It all started when Bulgarian woman, living in Norway, got her kids taken away and turned into a massive conspiracy theory that the "eurogay" union/the liberal west is plotting to teach Bulgarian kids to be gay and steal them in order to give them to black gay couples
Daily
>Thank goodness he died before the liberation because had he survived he'd probably end up with a tarnished legacy
Can not understand how a lonely young person can survive with such small salary.
The northern parts of the country used to be very culturally significant and important for food production but they're steadily declining, more and more schools and entire villages are shutting down, libraries and cultural centres in towns and cities, etc
Bulgaria exit polls show narrow win for Socialist ally Radev in presidential vote
Well the choice is between corrupt democrat and corrupt social-democrat and a bunch of other corrupt guys.
, I've been to a lot of them, of course
But I agree Turkey shouldn't be in same category with us
That's a thing that only a country like Sweden would have the balls to do.
Mission London (Мисия Лондон) for Bulgaria
One simple trick if you don't remember those pesky irregular past tense forms
IT GOES IT GOES IT GOES IT GOES
FOR THE SECOND YEAR IN A ROW AN INCREASE MORE THAN THAT OF INFLATION
The thing is that, the people who organized the blockade are high-level politicians and they are well beyond the reach of any such law.
Plenty of these extremely regressive, oppressive men in Muslim countries don't give a rat's ass about religion, happily drink, cheat, eat pork etc.
The OECD estimated that the Macron Law would generate a "0
To be honest, for me beautiful women are
Controversy, scandal, arguments both in schollary circles, government, and among random strangers
Not to be insensitive but Lavrov is supposed to be a good diplomat?
(not sure how to add Bulgarian flag in my name so take note I'm talking about Bulgaria)
There is Hesburger in Bulgaria, but it is worse than McDonald's. I don't know if this is the general situation or just the local franchises
You're right that he has his reasons to stay in power but we're not sure what they are exactly
Instanbul
I loved every bit of my 4 years there as well
Because he is self-conscious about it.
I feel like a saint in Reddit, educating people that these two are completely different alphabets
Yes the one that got up early and prepared what we see on the table was probably hotel staff, or owner of the rooms rented.
It was everywhere, even people who don’t actively listen to music were talking about it
Good thing they will not matter at all in a couple of years.
I mean, there is no doubt the Mongols were extremely brutal conquerors but there is no need to exaggerate and turn them into basically demons in human form who wanted nothing but to kill everyone they met
Even per capita, Poland still gets three times more than Bulgaria.
>APL decrease
Vasil Levski: this is the main guy, during ottoman occupation we had all these ruffian "haiduks" that occasionally showed some resistance to the occupation, but this dude was an intellectual who united the intelligentsia of the country into committees
>It would have made for a fantastic space, and location to be repurposed into a museum documenting the ills of totalitarianism, and the symbol of using that building would have been immense
They might have been a bit of overreach or the town hit some rough times, because there are much smaller later thermae built near them - I guess the big ones had too much upkeep and were left without maintenance
The more decent ones ask for a subscription so adblock or not you won't see the article.
He was a school gym teacher, his wife was a stay at home and further more they had a lady that came every weekend to clean.
I looked at wikipedia and it has Finland as smallest of the three.
I've studied a lot about European countries - geography, history, culture, etc
Yup, if we don't turn the trend into a positive one, I'll probably leave in 2021
Its Not my problem that you are morons, Donald.
Stray dog pack do a lot more than scare children
(*Very* rare exceptions
From Turkey sailing thru Black Sea and landing on Bulgarian or Romanian shore.
To be fair, it's much harder to build highways in Bulgaria.
I don't mean today, I mean the events around late 19-th, early 20-th century.
In Burgas there are probably only a few stray dogs but a lot of cats
Most of the soldiers inside were 18-20 year olds in for their mandatory military service - it was still a thing
By that logic an even higher percentage don't want the other candidates either.
It is arrogance as if that happens, all metric measurements must be convert into imperial ones for every single piece of equipment and screw.
>Another example that always fascinates me is the perception in France of  who helped the most in ending the war during WWII
But we've yet to actually try and murder each other on the basis of national agenda
One person, but others supported him, right?
And 22nd place for science and technology was a complete shock, as R&D investment here is one of the lowest in Europe.
Any city or village there sees very few tourists but the hiking trails in the West Rhodope are amazing
>*We, the Members of the Seventh Grand National Assembly, guided by our desire to express the will of the people of Bulgaria, by pledging our loyalty to the universal human values of liberty, peace, humanism, equality, justice and tolerance; by holding as the highest principle the rights, dignity and security of the individual; in awareness of our irrevocable duty to guard the national and state integrity of Bulgaria, hereby proclaim our resolve to create a democratic and social state, governed by the rule of law, by establishing this*
[another favorite]
People names definitely should keep pronunciation
And a 19th-20th century national symbolic meaning such as "the blood of the freedom fighters" couldn't have been one of them in the 9th century AD.
India, Morocco, Argentina, etc
Those cars are used by other *people*, you know
The exception is for small sites, not for everyone
copy-paste from wikipedia *makes ashamed face*
Tzatziki = Greek salad
I vomit a little when I see someone write this.
Well i would say Turkish
Don't want to trigger people, but curiosity begs - what kind of people are we talking about - recent immigrants
You think you know something about the Balkans?
That's what I mean, who would expect Russia to do the right thing, especially when the US encourages them not to?
You really can not mistake poles and russians for italians.
That's their reponsibility, as it is mine.
I my country wasn't in the Soviet Union, but it was in the Eastern Block
I don't care if they close their borders.
Too impulsive to be trusted with his own twitter, just right to give nuclear codes to.
not so much, but they are very epic indeed
This is what you get when you kill Gaddafi and destroy the Libyan state.
Yeah, we did have a dispute with Turkey, too but not anymore
Tsar Ferdinand I,
I'd like to thank the black sea for always being our coast sea
UKs GDP per capita is not 45k (was 41k in 2015, but it will drop like a rock in 2016 because of the fall in the pound).
All better choices using your criteria
oh no anyway
I wouldn't say that my choice of Uni was due to the local ones being corrupt
Let me call my buddy who's an expert on genocide to look at it
Greece with countless bailouts is also doomed.
Natural heritage
Less than the number of migrant arrivals in [a week] in Italy in May.
I guess they started stripping the columns before they actually ran out of bullets so their stock doesn't get depleted causing the line to break.
French
The US sucks in a lot of ways, but this is a fairly general way to classify a government as fascist.
I was today years old when I found out that Disneyland Paris is not the OG
That's like saying "Why not pay women working for you the same wage as men in stead of complaining others don't?"
In Russian
We learn about it in Bulgaria, but not in huge detail, of course
Banks are not meant to be ethical, but to provide a range of services to society in exchange for a profit.
When I was i Bucharest literally everybody was speaking good enough english there
Democracy dude is the rule of law, and the law is made by the elected authorities.
This time as i decided to stay longer i brought with me all i needed.
Welll the [Treaty of Neuilly-sur-Seine] Communism, and the mass privatization in the 90s that led to a ton of factories and plants being closed still makes people angry today, but if i have to name one thing from history i would say the Ottoman invasion and subsequent 500 year occupation was the worst.
French - Merci
Cyrillic ain't russian
If they are biased in some way, I would say it's very subtle, it can't be felt.
(Sorry, I couldn't resist)
Stop this statist, socialist nonsense and get the bureaucracy out of the affairs of free individuals and independent consumers.
Ha, I only knew it as Niva, and it seems they've changed it yet again - it's [Bronto] now
yes, sorry I didn't clarify :) I meant it - as something from beyond the ocean :D
tbh the top governments are the ones I would definitely not trust.
They seem more reasonable and secular.
Mainly our brotherly neighbors in Serbia, Macedonia, and whomever has migrated abroad, I believe
Without the US, westerners didn't have a chance against Soviet Union.
Most stray cats in Bulgaria look like that and I've always thought they were the same breed, no source tho just speculation.
I have no trouble understanding the vast majority, but the Jamaican accent was almost incomprehensible.
I am no longer smoker, switched to vapor :P
You already pay for that free access if we're talking about the wheelchairs
I'm in, let's do it
Whereas, the "Latin" legacy is just other tribes conquered by the Romans (that includes other Italian tribes) and latinized
Though apparently there were polls on it and 60% preferred summer time, so not that much of an overwhelming majority
But nobody asks me, and my opinion doesn't count.
I kinda regret going with German over Russian, but only because I suck at language acquisition and more Russian might have stuck because it is closer.
Bulgaria and it's a leading news story in all media every single day
So certain historical ties definitely exist.
We didn't put much of a fight when they invaded us, so it could be either first balkan wars or the commy repressions but both are last century, not really centuries ago.
Volleyball, because we're one of the best in the world.
Ha ha...nice presentation, almost make you feeling like you wanna move there.
A few months after we go to the regionals and it's comprised of two separate categories - the people who won first place go together and then the people who won second
I remember the millitary bases with US trucks and equipment in my small town village with goats and farmers as a kid
Romania has a huge problem that it's natural partner Bulgaria is doing worse on all fronts
"Look both ways before crossing
There is hope, I guess
You know, here I thought that we were backwards.
I think most of the country is evenly populated so there aren't any places where you are far away from a major city or a town
Two in the capital Sofia, and another two when i was on holiday in Germany.
They always do a lot of harm to Bulgaria
I would much prefer that Bulgarians are not allowed to immigrate into UK,than having these immigrants here in bulgaria
Homosexuality was a mental disease in the 50s but they paid the scientists to get it out of the list of mental diseases
Never heard it either (Sofia region)
One I hate: that we're all sly, stealing gypsies that go around Europe to basically cheat the system over and over again
That's what I expect to hear really, that basically everyone is wet and or sweaty but nobody cares
Can you imagine how happy she would be to see him again though
I can have walks more than 10 minutes long and there are a lot more stores to waste my time in
For example, if you don't like an ethno-cultural group to be the majority in a country they have created for themselves and not other groups, if you prefer a diverse multicultural and mutliracial society - there were plenty such created recently in the Americas.
Uph...again Brequit mentioned in r/Europe.
Book
Your grandchildren will pay when the muslims and other non-European communities within your countries become large enough to impose their views of society and their traditions, turning your countries [into this]
I didn't write that - to your comment "fascists killed a lot of serbs in WWII" i wrote that the Communists killed even more Russians (than the Serbs killed by the fascists), yet the Russians have positive opinion of those same Communists who mass murdered them.
lots of pedestrians, people still go on bikes, but it's not the best experience
damn it's teasing me even more I want to see it in person
For the last 24 hours i counted 3 posts regarding Brequit.
What is it supposed to do, ruin itself to the point no one would want to move there
For us human rights are more than crucial
The Balkans have seen some floods in recent years.
This is an answer lacking any academic credibility.
To me personally, it always looked like a puppy
Hence the extremely long and complicated EU joining process, as well as the further restrictions to it from Shengen.
I'm sure there must be some but that doesn't automatically make you relations better does it
The Brexit campaign distributed flyers showing Turkey, Syria and Iraq as future EU members.
How else will my mom share pictures of her favorite soap opera and follow Gokberk Demirci
Their descendants are the Italians right now
I would rather buy a country house and find a job in the area, instead of throwing all that money for a piece of old bricks, that needs renovation and has to be refurbished.
Lol we have those people in the Balkans too
Not really, it's mostly the uneducated folk that think that Romanian == Roma.
I can only think of this [one]
Yes, very interesting source indeed!
As a young man, I've got no problem walking around most of my city alone at night (with the exception of certain neighbourhoods, going through which even in brought daylight is considered a bit adventurous)
We're also proud that the inventor of the first digital computer is John Atanassov, with Bulgarian descend
I don't understand this, the baby needs a parent during these crucial developing first two years
It has nothing to do with nationalism
France already has a few million Algerians and Moroccans, the UK has Bangladeshis, Pakistanis, Indians etc, Germany has Turks and Afghans - it is those growing parallel cultures of predominantly muslims across Europe that threaten and worry the average person who then opposes refugees because he simply sees them as *yet another drop* in the bucket towards becoming a demographic minority in his own native land one day.
That's the only place outside of Europe pretty much.
It's a way of making money
Increase of efficiency of using our current funds and increase efficiency in most government run sectors
For below 300k profits the tax rate is 19% for the UK
Depends on what goals the EU has?
Paldiski
It wasn't equal because Jusitinian was emperor and tzar is the person right after him.
You are being over dramatic, couple of days of having to scroll a bit down to find something relevant is not going to destroy the sub.
More than a few Turks are epic dudes
" That doesn't really make sense, does it
They want to trade with everyone and to sell their services to anyone, but they don't want to let people that actually trade with them on their island.
Daddy Macron being an alpha as usual
that is good news - Serbs belong to the EU - it's natural.
I am happy for them as well, it's just funny that most of the front page posts on /r/Europe are about them, haha
I mean it's small, but netherland in translation means low lands
If there is an official name of a country, that is the name in their native language and all others are translations or variations of it, including in English
The attitudes towards the way the UK handled the vote don't vary that much.
“The reform introduced the fact that the criteria used to select students is going to be based on the marks of their last years of high school, on their motivation and teacher’s opinions, and not at all on the baccalaureat,”
Yeah, turns out 74 isn't prime Kilimanjaro climbing age
The whole point of this post is to learn about other peoples' histories and fun facts, not to contradict historical facts with made up hypothesis of what a random person thinks vs facts
Sorry for the stupid question, but what is NOS/RTL?
You could smoke almost everywhere
|Boris Stoynev Zografski|Boris, son of Stoyno of the family of the  Zograf (church painter)
We have the same game, the name is "Don't be angry, man
All of my friends who went to Greece or Turkey on a holiday had a  great time
I guess it's another way to gatekeep against the poor and make it appear as if we live in a meritocracy, when it's not even approaching one
To be fair youth unemployment and poverty usually correlates with higher fertility rates in most parts of the world or the underdevelopped ghettos of large western cities.
Greeks don't have any faith in their financial systems, governors, politicians, business organizations, judiciary system as well as any government/municipality administration.
In the village where our villa used to be, there is this place called *Chumavi mogili* (Plague's mounds), where during the Plague people would take their family members that were sick with the Plague and leave them there
rakija is meant to be shared
>Students across France have been staging protests against President Emmanuel Macron’s proposed education reforms, which would introduce tougher entry requirements for the country’s universities
One of my favorite things to eat is pasta with butter and feta (but the Bulgarian version that is very tangy)
What's the white building on the right
He was talking about political indoctrination, not the merits of the scientific method.
Exactly
It's armenian, I think
Well we kinda need engineers now
As you can see, at this point nothing can refute the hypothesis, even if the correlation between the level of knowledge the population has and their commitment to democracy is completely nonexistent.
: Beer
They're also seen as ineffective in combating crime and thefts specifically, but that's mostly a fault of the whole justice system.
Because it gives us a good impression of the attackers ethnicity and motive.
Remove the border and start kissing your sorry ass?
>As fo IT that suffers from the negative connotation that that's basically not a real class
He WAS a military general, but is now a president (and out presidency is nothing like USA's) There really are *many* layers to what's currently happening, which are buried under the simple "they corrupt - we protest"
Alright
it's most popular from Bulgaria, not in.
By having offical statues of Alexander the Great, names of the Airport, names and statues of Phillip, and other such commemorations regarding Ancient Macedonia isn't the Republic of Macedonia effectively claiming that ancient state as its historical predecessor?
In the ottoman empire people were living in multilingual mixed communities oftentimes.
Without him, I could probably return to Russia and not be afraid for my kids anymore (queer family)
Not sure about Romania's prosperity but we can certainly take a few notes.
I like mine though, it's not typical Russian accent, usually people think that I'm somewhere from northern/central Europe
* the [darvobrad tree] (named after the ents from LOTR)
The media is shutting down the information
As far as I can see from the article, it talks about illegal weapons (maybe?
Should you buy from big foreign company chains (like Lidl and Kaufland) that often get their produce from abroad but often offer much better prices and overall customer experience or support domestic businesses and shop in small local markets that have local produce but have higher prices and often aren't as convenient or as pleasentto shop in (don't have certain categories of items, staff are often rude and act like they are doing you a favour by being there and often haggle for things like items warranty and defective items)
I prefer [this] but yours cool too
Thracian Tomb of Sveshtari - Discovered in 1982 near the village of Sveshtari, this 3rd-century BC Thracian tomb reflects the fundamental structural principles of Thracian cult buildings
I usually don't have a problem if they insist on speaking Bulgarian but sometimes foreigners pronounce words in such a funny way that there's always a smile on my face
I noticed we have some good ties regardless of some history
Never lost
I don't understand how Romanians always drive like they are in race
The person from the article bragged online about drugging little girls, raping them and at some point starting to also kill them.
In the words of the rich and prosperous Mr Butch (Pulp Fiction) - I don't feel the least bit bad about it.
Causing unnecessary friction, so much talk about crime and punishment, before Art50 has even been enacted.
|Medicine|Military Medical Academy and Sofia Medical University|
Who fucking won
No one I know or heard about think you can get high with poppy seeds
Poland says will 'play rough' with EU after Tusk vote
Obviously there's more demands,right
Regardless of your income, it's out of your control
I am afraid that after reading articles during 2016 and as I see how 2017 starts, I begin to think the unthinkable - the breaking up of the EU is a possibility.
Greece - I hope we can extend our arms even further than today and create common history positively more often
That compares with the two current brackets of 10 per cent for profits up to 500 million Hungarian forint (€1.6 million) and 19 per cent above that.
This happened back in 2012, only seven people died but i cant remember anything else, except back in 1925 when the bulgarian communist party blew up a church and killed 200 people and injured 500
I did get into trouble with a friend once over this passiveness of mine
One of the only Bulgarian rock songs I know [Черната Овца]
Doesn't matter if it's Russia, USA, Ukraine, Germany etc.
There is no way they dont know the one country they have a border with
Macron’s government also plans to invest 15 billion euros in job training over the next five years
So in a large scale invasion oversees, are only marines going?
I forget some words in Bulgarian that have a shorter or better sound in English
I'm frankly surprised by the number of Nazi apologists who've moved out of the woodwork to complain that the German occupation troops were not treated kindly by the local population.
Not that their form of imperialism was any better, but it's better to have a geopolitical balance than to have everyone under 1 boot.
Rural - I sound like a broken motorcycle, just , RUuuRr
Perfect image for a postcard
With the collapse of the Muslim Brotherhood, it does indeed look like Egypt is adopting an increasingly hostile stance against Turkey.
Classes are usually 40 minutes long, and there are 10 minute breaks in between
Not historically and certainly not now
Even if they are they are probably still doing a lot more than most people, me (non-religious) and maybe even you
The solution is to close the borders for them.
So do part-time teaching, but that's about it
The EU isn't going anywhere
Moved out at 29
NSFW
It's crazy to think from today orange guy is literally the most powerful person in the World...
If someone said hi to the people in the bus, they'd be considered crazy
No, they were allowed to change them back after communism fell
Maybe the EU should prove to **us** that it's worth keeping it alive, instead of blaming their fall in popularity on outside factors.
Not if you were black or anti-war left
Looking back on that, i'm rather salty that the system is only concerned with dumping large masses of information in a compacted time frame rather than trying to optimize for comprehension of the material
This made some historians claim he did nothing but hide before that but new evidence suggests that this is a myth
Probably the Slavic language I understood best (in written form), after Macedonian.
Turkey because of history and i dislike Erdogan.
After they blocked the massive corruption scheme that Belene Nuclear Power plant was supposed to be between the Socialists and the Kremlin, they started talking of South Stream as a suitable replacement for them to fill their pockets at the expense of the country, whilst cementing the dependence of the country on Russian energy.
A TV show host/singer made a political party
I like my life in Bulgaria, though sometimes I wish the people weren't so narrow-minded
I absolutely adore being here......but yeah...I'm living 30 years in the past.
So today I learned that having any sort of semi functioning social system means communism
>Also famously a septic tank one time
Another time he was in Baghdad and somebody was telling a pretty unbelievable family story relating to his grandfather
Back in the first half of the 2010s I remember it wasn't too good but was still completely drinkable
That makes them rather isolated than the wonderfully connected cities in the West and the North
I just remembered another one
Turkey's pressure on Bulgaria continues...
Honestly I agree
If we talk about financial services, UK and EU must negotiate separate deal.
Because these two are the furthest from being connected and they will be the last to be connected, if at all, unless the EU doesn’t make HSR a priority in the coming decades
I don't know how many times I have answered this question
I know that Kotor is beautiful and there was a really nice nightclub my friend showed me.
Western Europe gained FAR more, from the eastern expansion, than the opposite.
There are tens of thousands of perfectly well integrated English muslims.
I would hate to fall under the Russian sphere of influence.
Britain's place is not in the EU.
Neither of these things is true
>Hourly
Uhm, the press said Trump had been briefed on Russia possibly having compromising material on him and they turned out to be right - he was indeed briefed.
In France, though, the shake-up may well create an uproar
Many people have “gardens” (Americans would call these farms since they’re not small) that yield lots of produce for the whole family
It would have been funny if it was not so pathetic.
DPS - formally liberal, in practice a mafia owned party that collects a lot of Turkish minority vote through scaremongering
Trump is a wizard
Not because I think that my national language is the best in word or our of some nationalist sentiments
Same thing here lol
Well looking at the number of players La liga has, its not that large - 485 players, and second league is 533
What's your name
What on earth "cuckistan" means?
Due to the former link being disabled, [here is the same video again...]
I mean it is not like USB is on it's 7th revision:
Perhaps that's because our names come from several different origins (there are native Slavic names, Greek ones, newly introduced American ones,  Russian ones that were popular during the Communist regime, Turkish and Roma ones for our main minorities, etc)
The farthest you can go in one train is Budapest, thru Romania(if it still exists, I know it did back in 2018)
That's because Reddit doesn't load all the comments
Are those people fucking stupid
Most foreign: either Kurdzhali (about 65% ethnic Turkish, right at the border with Greece) or Sofia (the richest, most western and progresive)
Better use “Bigger Macedonia”
Physics classes spend 3 years teaching us about electric grids in order to create a large pool of disposable engineers
I couldn't agree more
It's obvious most people sympathize with them the most, but it's precisely because they are only fighting the terrorists.
Games are always played best in their original language
It's literally "to hell with it". We have plenty of others with more oomph in them
|Military|Georgi Sava Rakovski Military Academy|
Fucking Soros ruining the beautiful Hungarian beaches too
There are some cases, where there is no coresponding word in my language of the english one
Plus in my posts i express hypothetical option for Gibraltar.
Bosnian - Hvala
And he runs into the same runaway bride - now old and widowed herself - who left him at the altar decades ago
I hate that so much
Putin's response was that of a tyrant, it was not adequate and attacked the sovereignty of Ukraine
Never heard of someone who cares about that.
Reminds me of [Lady Gaga's music video for Alejandro]
Given that "pivo" is a part of the official names of a number of local beer brands (Shumensko, Pirinsko, Burgasko, etc), I agree with the other comments that you somehow found a singularly
eazy-e also died this day 25 years ago
No, the EU doesn't sanction the fact they occupy a "foreign population", they do it because Russia is breaking the international treaties established post-WW2 and post Soviet collapse to keep the peace on the continent and not return us to the same age of 1930s Europe when the Poles took Vilnius, Germany took Austra, USSR took Baltics etc.
Send help because I don't have AC at home and the one in my car doesn't work
Far right is normal in every context.
There's some confusion when it comes to 'the' - in Bulgarian, that is added to the end of a word
What drone did you use for this?
In the EU, sure, in Europe no way.
Contains very well preserved murals and paintings
I watched the "Eight Dwarfs" last week
Very windy on the opposite end of Europe in Bulgaria as well
Or a at the very least an umbrella term containing so much stuff it is useless.
Macron is going to increase as from the tax year 2018 the level of social contributions on pension income, investment income and capital gains
The ruling party since 2009 is considered right leaning on paper with the convenient name of "Citizens for European Development of Bulgaria", but in reality it's everything else but this
When I visited Berlin I was like a kid in a candy shop: I love trains and Berlin was like an overdose :D
Then a "poor student" bursary from my Uni covers my accommodation costs and the rest I pay off with money from summer internships
Ah, ok it wasn't really clear what you were saying
"If you don't stop regulating us, we'll
I was staying with him
Environmental, workers' rights, maternity, healthcare etc.
Schengen (UK and Ireland), EMU (Sweden, UK), Common Foreign Security Policy (UK and Ireland) , Charter of the Fundamental Freedoms (Poland and UK)
So any reform be it education,labor or tax is met with unions,students or residents stopping it
Please respect the culture
It's absurd to claim that the people who lived in Gallia or Hispania are somehow descendants of Romans and can lay claim to their achievements
Except ours are speaking out against the rise in Europe of the very same ideology Erdogan is trying to impose in Turkey.
We deserve it, the future generations don't.
**Examples:**
First mention of the Bulgars is somewhere in the 430s. There's like 50 theories on the stuff before that
In my eyes Boyko declared war 2 times so far + those cops should be dead by now
I'm just hoping a small meteorite just happens to fall on their position during the next debate and the world is spared having to endure 4 years of both of them.
Russians more proud of Crimea annexation than space and science achievements
The Bulgarian Empire was called and Empire because Simeon received that title from Patriarch Nicholas and recognized as a fellow Emperor by the Byzantine Empire, the continuation of the Roman Empire, the originators of the world "imperator".
Oh and saying Fuck you is like " hello "
In Bulgaria they are known for having the best whiskey.
The amount of French and Russian classes also increased every year and near the end, we would study French in French and Russian by mixing Bulgarian and Russian depending on what we were learning
One of the countries that has probably benefited the most from the EU is telling the EU to fuck off...
A lesson about anglophone media and its influence in their respective countries.
Our defense minister at 53
Доживях да видя пост от българин тук, онзи ден срещнах българин в тотално рандъм съб. I feel connected
You are simply too dumb to grasp geopolitics.
Same in Bulgarian, pronounced the same way as the Romanian - we don't differentiate between rifles and shotguns
A Bulgarian that dosent eat yogurt
Now if they could also ban the production of soap operas and stop brainwashing my grandma
I'm a big fan of language and linguistics in general, but, man Hungarian is a treat
You do realize that not all of Istanbul is in Europe either.
Like  I SHOULD be able to understand it, it sounds almost like Russian
You are absolutely right the security theater is way too much and mostly useless.
Krasimir Avramov with Illusion back in 2009
Imagine if the roles were reversed with a town in Turkey having such a symbol.
Turkish people are very helpful, in my experience
Trump and Brexit are the last chapter of the Reagan-Thatcher-Friedman saga
No idea
That's the smart thing to do hehe
It's not like facts and truth are suddenly going to become important
Do you have a single comment that is not completely moronic?
I live in Ruse, my country's 5th largest city
Please comment to explain more in-depth the situation
>Stalin actually had a mental breakdown for a few months after the invasion, he did not issue any orders which led to chaos at the front and only sped up the German advance
I may say we're a cold country (though we're in the South), because we sometimes get bellow -30C, but never seen these things.
Part of government
Yes, we won't even win one game in the qualifiers anyway
Fake news websites don't have any credibility anyway, so that's a non-issue.
Anti EU, very pro Russia
It does not reach the pre-crisis levels, if you look at the unemployment rates, and specially employment rates you will find out the flaws in stats.
Cus if your citizens are dirt poor you better convince them that spending money on large projects instead of feeding them is a good thing
4 - Romania - again neighbors, was under Bulgarian control in the First and some decades of the Second Bulgarian Tsardom
My country
This is so prevalent recently in my town, there's a mad old lady that is glueing them on the back of every road sign
Minecraft is translated into bulgarian but its annoying when you have to search for an item and you have to change your keyboard to bulgarian and change it back to english for the commands or to speak if you are in english speaking server
6 tweets, all caps, Nazis and poor grammar, he's positively livid.
Mardi Gras and St
The uncontrollable character of the immigration wave certainly influenced people's minds on Brexit, and now that will result in a reduced EU budget, which means less EU funds available to the country.
Usually forums have a rule saying you must write in Cyrillic so people put more effort there, but in multiplayer games and chat programs around 90% of the time people write with latin letters.
Absolutely
Sometimes we think (in Bulgaria) it's because we hate our politicians and they know it, so they are pretty afraid.
Macedonians sound a funny to us and they're very boisterous
Investments are not only in the form of global aid.
What's the white building on the right
I feel sad for the damage that they could cause to the enivronment.
Tsar Boris: this guy got us Christianity, which some current Bulgarians are happy about, but he also got us the caesar title (that's where tsar comes from, Russia take note)
It means the beginning of breaking up the continental part of the EU.
That would actually be pretty great
When your government is literally riddled with mafia members and acquaintances of the old dictator you might find that actually getting a functional country comes first
Wait you can
Your experience may vary depending on the country, but overall in europe, they're more or less ubiquitous
Kinda makes you happy to think it's not that easy for everyone out there to get ahold of a whole country's laws and rules (unless of course you're someone as Erdogan and Putin and you've worked hard for that)
And so on
They usually come for the jobs that these people's predecessors had or their names
You don't have the right to travel because you are a worker, you have the right to spend the money you were compensated for by giving your expertise and time for whatever you wish
I wouldn't say *the same*, no, but extremely similar, for a variety of reasons
During this period authors like Ivan Vazov take up the task to recreate and modernize Bulgarian literature, grammar and spelling
Here it's kind of paradoxical, that if a robber enters your home and somehow you have a gun and wound/kill the robber (who could be armed with an axe for example and who could kill you, as it often happens in the villages), so if you wound/kill this fucker...
wait for it
Yeah, but we didn't vanish from the earth during that time lol
The other Turkish guy is using the Bulgarian flag.
I'm sure we're also the best at topping negative rankings...
English food is actually pretty good, even if a bit simple at times
There was one story where the dashing hero just so decided to kill the (innocent) kids of three demonesses by jump-scaring them and letting them fall into a firepit
My opinion is that, with all its flaws, it was the best opportunity so far to unify the island, and have it enter the EU as one united entity.
The most corrupted in EU
So, it's not a very long shot....
A military aggression, ocupation and imposition of second-class citizenship to millions is in no way justified if those who do it are better than others who did it elsewhere.
Which one is Finland short on, also is the GDP per capita PPP?
My problem with such statements is that unless one can define objective criteria for "teaching people to think for themselves", it's not clear that you aren't starting from a if you aren't creating facts to support your desired conclusion.
Thank you
There's also [Nicopolis ad Istrum] which has this cool tidbit about it:
There are more photos of her on Facebook for sure (I remember seeing her in the albums from 2016-2017) that were uploaded from the [Zheravna Festival] in the exact dress that OP posted
Around 10-12 grade even the most well-behaved students in the best school in the oblast were fed up
It is said that you need to look at the flair of the person in order to judge their credibility.
Of course, as being neighbors for so long, people merge, adopt traditions, words, culture etc.
If i understood you correctly, then here how its in Bulgarian to thank someone when speaking for yourself :blagodarya благодаря: and if your speaking for your group its :blagodarim благодарим: and then add :ti ти: (if you are speaking to 1 person), :vi ви: (if you are speaking to more than 1 person) and :Vi Ви: (This is for both if you are talking to 1 or a few people formally and yes its the same as when you are speaking in a casual conversation but with :V В: being capital) Also sorry if you had a stroke trying to read some parts of what i said
Can only imagine the level of education in Norway if people there would rather study in a 3rd world country like the US rather than Norway
No wonder it's like that in Bulgaria, we have no functioning prosecution at a high level and it's a systematic problem that the Romanians seem to have solved.
They are the [epitome of corruption] in Bulgaria (and don't give a fuck, because will always have the Turkish vote).
Edit: forgot one word/letter
Pretty much everyone I've ever met has pirated things
r/AwfulEverything
That was all
Thanks for clarifying
Czech Republic is by far the closest it gets to fitting the criteria.
There was a documentary about this a year ago or something.
You are a walking caricature mate, there is nothing to discuss with you.
* Asparuh - the Khan that founded Bulgaria
Many description of many countries connected with women or porn!
Beautiful
All in all UK is doing a little better than expected but the article exaggerates this.
But a dozen kilometres yes
за плачене навън шумно?
Sorry, but I do not have Turkish nationality.
Same thing here
Currently we're more concered with some other leaders being ridiculous (something about a guy carrying around a supermarket bag) but our Prime Minister is a meme *goldmine*.
They got fucked as in every war.
We both come from the Balkans, we love our war crimes, and both our countries combined still have a better track record in hundreds of Europe than the USSR did in less than a hundred
As the serbians were operating concentration camps, committing an impressive amount of war crimes to croats, bosniaks and the such
I am happy that more people are starting to see through the very thin veil of western tolerance.
Literally no one calls it like that, except Romanians
We don't have 24/7 news channels like you guys
I wonder why those nations don't like Russia
I think the Soviet Union took it
It's kind of annoying because it becomes a whole thing to do something nice for someone there
Well  that's why I asked you a source
Or it implies that they don't identify as danes themselves.
It’s sad to see the mass brainwashed
University of Glasgow was pretty bubbly, two popular unions and a lot of privet and uni dorms where people met and spend a lot of time.
Why has it been accused of that?
There's one place where a Slavic state has invaded another right now, and it's not the Balkans
I don’t spend much time in Pirdop because of School and Uni, the current pandemic situation not withstanding, but I haven’t had any problems with strays
Im from Bulgaria and Sex ED is normal, multiple parents complain because they're still homophobic communist pieces of shit but that doesn't change anything because Sex ED needs to be mandatory everywhere
Even intelligent people who are a bit older have little to no information about the pros and cons of cannabis
From one alphabet to another, not from one language to another
Anyone who actually has visited the US will be able to see that.
Third, Trump is a conservative isolationist and making a trade deal with him will be difficult for both, UK and EU, besides no trade deals include financial services which is a big portion of the UK export.
From what I've gathered your most ubiquitous food was smazhaak/fried cheese
And don't get me started on the global warming - every climatologist ever is in the big green conspiracy backed by the green lobby
It was initially rejected for "illegally using the national flag" in the logo, so he tried registering it again under a different name
We need a Korova milk bar
Even though i was a student many years ago, i remember we got 4 archaic cases for very few words, but we don't use such cases on daily basis.
Stay away from the cycling lanes, if you go *anywhere in Europe*  (unless you are riding a bike)
The winners are the customers who get great phones at very low prices
(Some are still used today as a homage)
Stop being a child in need of the state to tell you what to do or eat, especially by stealing from people and businesses whichever way it decides is "for the common good".
You are the modern day equivalent of a medieval fanatic.
Also, all of my prayers and thoughts go to the Lebanese people and the ones affected by it
What I consider an empire is irrelevant
Downloading movies for personal viewing.
Of course, Trump has consistently supported Russian intrrests in the past 4 years, but these people rarely use logic
The salaries from Varna graduates are pretty much the same, even slightly higher
The Bulgarian one is very very wrong
There was a short documentary on the national TV about a kid with two mothers, that didn't have any problems at all.
It was clear from the start that should Russia get enough freedom to operate in Syria we're going to witness quite a lot of testing.
>On February 14th Jean-Michel Blanquer, the education minister and a former director of ESSEC, a top French business school, is due to unveil his reform plans for the bac
The floor above the ground floor if the building has stores on the ground floor, otherwise - the very first floor above the ground
I'd look to Roman colonisation period in the 2nd-3rd century for the formation of the Romanian ethnic group, when Roman colonists and native Dacians coexisted.
Other countries using different economic rules, like Venezuela, are completely different story.
I don't agree personally and have nothing against comparing the two
I don't really like it tbh
Disregarding a few diplomatic blunders and the convoluted administration, the EU is quite good
Yes
I have a 3D puzzle of the same bridge
All that is available on the continent and it is around us.
If i have used inappropriate term - sorry.
You need a good and fair education system first
You have no idea what you're talking about.
You have all my support from America
We are not sneaking over your border, people are simply using their legal right to go there as part of free movement inside the EU, just like people from any other EU country do.
Top searches of all time in Bulgarian:
interesting question is: to where?
And then 10% - thick rhodope dialect
Sounds nice, like a pillar in the middle of the Danube
Still special courses that help to those interested should exist
**Polish** 5% - Least understandable slavic language to me
That money could be used way better
What are they going to do with the Pope?
Our geographic position is important for trade, though
Never been there and never were interested, so i got no personal interest of UK succeeding or failing.
Help tech startups with some no tax incentive, they will hire young people from University and if they succeed they will bring more in tax over time than the initial bonus
People just trust more to previously well established political traditions and ideologies rather than encouraging drift.
> And if that is the case, we should find a way that does not hurt people so everyone can enjoy the holiday
The future will show if both parties can achieve such agreement or not.
I went to Zaječar once with my family and people had no problem understanding us while we were shopping and when ordering in the restaurant.
He seems to be constantly giving money to our perfectly stable countries and build corruption and evil chaos.
So why isn't Britain offering them to an EU tour
Read the article and what i can say is - lost precious minutes of my time and wasted my brain keeping it busy with such crap.
Those that can afford private hospitals have no issues - they only pay the difference between what they are entitled to via their state health coverage and what the hospitals bill you
Croatia-Хърватска(Hurvatska)
It's not like facts and truth are suddenly going to become important
I have doubts about the Balkans where it’s says the average is around 30
Maybe once but it's like we just crossed a bridge said "yay we are out of the Balkans" and went to the old part of Belgrade again
Paisiy Hilendarski] - the author of "History SlavicBulgarian", very important book for Bulgarians
at least u got lakes
People still talk about EE that, EE this but the politics and ideas of the region are not really going in the same way.
Yoghurt (not the Greek variation, although similar)
In other words, painfully unfashionable
Where did they get the assumption that adding Montenegro to NATO will cost them anything?
And we kinda tend to group the 'Scandinavian countries' together
I also think Greece needs supervision regarding country's fiscal affairs.
TL;DR: Your comment is how you create EU skeptics
Then in high school that student should have more math and less languages - for example
Point is that the population still loves welfare, healthcare (just don't ask about taxes) and government regulation
Wasn't as easily preventable
Bulgarian communist party secretary intended to make Bulgaria the 16th republic of the Soviet Union, the plenum unanimously approved Todor Zhivkov's proposal
So you go out together, have a drink and a meal in a restaurant and then when the time comes to pay the bill you'd better brace yourself because blood will be drawn before someone let's you pay
They look almost identical from the outside.
Europe would have major Brazillian, Argentinian, Colombian, Venezuelan, Vietnamese, Congolese, Ukrainian, Moldovian, Thai etc.
Actually instead of giving the Bozhkov's multimillion gambling business to someone else, GERB and Patriots voted a law that forbids private gambling (BSP voted against
The vast majority of your consumption is not iPhones.
So now we have Bulgaria on 2 seas
That's really strange and kinda offensive but thats just my personal opinion
I am only commenting as to why is it such a shock and a taboo to vote for open nazis around Erurope but not for open marxists, when both are exactly equally genocidal and against basic human rights.
Just a modern Balkan tradition
It’s definitely not part of the classic children’s songs here
Nobody follows what happens in Britain.
\- going there by bike, and using the bulky bike frame as a barrier to help me keep my distance from others
The only ground forces that actually were fighting continuously against ISIS were the Kurds and some shia militia.
And don't get me started on the global warming - every climatologist ever is in the big green conspiracy backed by the green lobby
My guess - that is the reason people trust TV channels.
Never heard of that before, but it looks they put quite the effort in!
You think UK matches the States?
You can use " Prez kura mi e " witch literally means It goes through my dick
Well posting false accusations certainly makes you a sleazy political animal, but a stain on humanity is something i haven't heard being used for that many politicians or journalists, despite what you describe being pretty common, especially at the moment, from all sides of the political spectrum.
It's just about the people who are rightfully pissed off.
This figure of 7500 probably doesn't include refugees who have moved away from the country they were assigned to (like the article discusses), so it's even more pathetic.
More embezzling here
Joking aside, ultras/nazis/meatheads/wannabe gangsters are a thing in the major cities unfortunately
Where exactly did you feel attacked
Sorry for bad english also
Ex: Your name is Boris, your dad's name is Kostadin and your surname is Kupenov (this comes from the name for the people who were gardeners for Ottoman officials during those times) --> your full name is Boris Kostadinov Kupenov
", even though they can be a little embarrassed
Hating on Putin is not the same as hating on Russia.
" and they replied: "But we came here to strut the runway"
Sadly everyone is going for fancy degrees now like marketing, economics and psychology
Hello, say myself John, pleasure is to ourselves meet
Think we have another word for January, which gradually have been phased out of use.
Is it for 4G LTE, or for 3G HSDPA?
I want to develop games and the best industry for that is Japan, currently
Christmas is tomorrow
Tell that to Putin, the tiny man with big nukes.
From the two options, I would say it's closer to "make sex
>10 years for 10km autobahn etc
We should keep up the great work, Europe
I believe the second expendables was filmed there
Rest of Europe stealing our thunder.
Some start in 5th grade if their elementary school didn't prepare them well for middle school
IMO the difference between a good and a great Uni isn't the quality of education but the people you network with
lol, get fucked liechtenstein
Which is why we are trying to ги изринем.
I graduated history and still can't think of such examples in Russia, and for the world I can only think of extremely short lived examples when it comes to prior the 20th century.
Don't go easy on them
Kinda makes you happy to think it's not that easy for everyone out there to get ahold of a whole country's laws and rules (unless of course you're someone as Erdogan and Putin and you've worked hard for that)
Of course no one can beat such peak artistic excellence
In Bulgarian it's worse- Litva, Latvia, Estonia
Soo ,yeah North Macedonia
I hope this explains it a little better why so many Bulgarians are protesting every day all over the country
A lot of young people seem to think Putin and Russia are great.
In a less patriarchal country, women are able to date until much later in their lives, making looks more important for longer.
Ha...make things like that so you don't have a deficit and turn into surplus nation.
Sacrifices had to be made in order to save the Bulgarian citizens and this is the reason why I said that we saved **the Bulgarian** jewish and gypsy population and not all of them all over europe.
Вери гуд инглиш, туу! Хау дер дей сей уи донт!
If it's a more serious crime sure, but I'm thinking more along the lines of a Bulgarian pick pocket getting identified in Germany but escaping back to Bulgaria before being arrested
Western Europeans: Win war, leave the victims to be de facto conquered by a genocidal maniac
Any city or village there sees very few tourists but the hiking trails in the West Rhodope are amazing
We actually had a game with a few of my friends guessing what an English word would sound like in Hungarian
Despite some scandals, there were many improvements in infrastructure and also we are one of the countries in EU with the least debt (  - at least they are not taking debt to loot it, so I hope the majority of the new grants will be used again for infrastructure, energy efficiency (a lot of apartment buildings were insulated with government aid in recent years)
Probably because it's a lil bit expensive.
One of my Macedonian Bulgarian ancestors emigrated to Northeastern Bulgaria, so in a sense it fits
Spanish - Gracias
Its funny how people try to equate any of this to development.
It also feels pretty undeserved getting this money in view of the state of the rule of law here, which is virtually non-existent
>On February 14th Jean-Michel Blanquer, the education minister and a former director of ESSEC, a top French business school, is due to unveil his reform plans for the bac
Yes, bouth price/tsar [Alexander Battenberg ] and prince/tsar [Ferdinand ]  were not born in Bulgaria
At the moment the country keeps running artificially thanks to life supporting systems provided by the EU.
Currently you can call the Ministry of Interior affairs and ГДБОП (specialised police) our drug kingpins
1: Vote on which elements will be in it
Administrative work, voting, and being able to familiarise yourself with and obeying the laws are some serious points in my book
Or like the enslaving and massacres conducted by the Spanish conquestadors in the Americas.
The summer is too hot, and the winter too cold.
Actually he was a gypsy, thanks for proving my point.
Roses, cigarettes, rakia, kebapcheta/kufteta
Swedish girls are more attractive than Danish ones by my personal observation.
Evil siblings abounded and they were usually fine with their brother/sister being killed, which was frequently paid back to them with little hesitation
I guess in recent years this is a good candidate:
Also, the brand Bulgari derives its name from, you guessed it, the Bulgarian ancestry of its creators
We're always left out :(
BTW nice username, Outlander
All the strength to the Turkish people for a bright future.
Полижение ми е новата любима дума.
The great powers at the time couldn't afford to have a combination of Bulgaria and Romania because it would absolutely dominate the region and throw off what they thought was a balance of power at the time
Having large poor families living of welfare puts enormous strain on the budget.
You're applying liberal ideas : we should loosen workers right, lower taxes on companies, etc
Yes, croatians did kick out many serbians out of their country once they got strong enough to do it.
I wouldn't say *the same*, no, but extremely similar, for a variety of reasons
Those pee pee tapes are the only explanation as to why Trump is acting like Putin's bitch.
* Svetloslav(a)
I'm just saying that the idea that an automated filter can accurately determine the legality of something or that a link tax would lead to increase in revenue and not the opposite can only make sense to someone who barely uses the internet
They were fully integrated in Roman society in their lands
IT should be focused on more, not everyone goes to college
And btw a biologist in Spain doesn't earn 1,800 euros, from what i can find online its 3,000 euros minimum
The only downside is that we got bombed by the americans
France could use an economic boost.
We only have it as an adjective, "revnosten", meaning passionate or staunch in regards to a position - a supporter or opponent to something
Wait
How on earth Juncker imagines all that to happen?
Unfortunately, most populists seem to also be immune to even the worst scandals.
/r/MurderedBySlogan
One can fall in a rabbit hole of absurdity if they checked the North Macedonian Wikipedia - half of Bulgarian, Greek and even some Serbian national heroes are claimed as Macedonian
But the smaller party in the ruling coalition are nationalists, so they get some favors as well
Not the current official Russian alphabet as it is now ofcourse but the general cyrillic alphabet was invented by the Bulgarian literary schools based on the preceding glagolitic alphabet invented by Cyril and Methodius and symbols commonly used in the Greek alphabet
Sugar
Thanks EU
Of course  that's not perfect either as corrupt countries may simply pocket the money without doing the project properly
We got bombed to bits and had our capitals burnt and got bombed again and then communism
Still we lack any decent healthcare services, right?
Obviously
Though [this smaller portrait] is the one most used and reproduced, you'd see it anywhere in Bulgaria, so I guess it's the most iconic one
We are all eagerly watching the new EU prosecutor
To me, this sounds great
I have had quite a lot of game starts with Ethiopia and I love the Coptic religion mechanism, their interesting starting position and the ability for expansion/colonisation
she spoke no Bulgarian and had never been
Care to elaborate why would anyone at all produce a surpruls of these goods if that were the case and he couldn't sell them for a profit?
We are becoming a city state
Call Istanbul Constantinople or Vilnius Wilno and see if the poles really are an exception.
It’s not that noticeable because the town is still rather big (for BG standards at least) but I don’t wanna imagine what the situation feels like in smaller towns (<50k or less)
My opinion of it before moving there: I thought it was a fairytale land - where anything was possible.
Bonus female names through the ages: Kera, Keta, Kossara, Maria, Paraskeva
They are not fond of cleanliness.
Sometimes both - as a result, I have friends and family all over the world
Boris, Krum, Asparukh, Presian and Tervel are still popular to this day
[Moya strana, moya Balgaria] by Emil Dimitrov (My land, my Bulgaria) is definitely like an unofficial anthem to Bulgaria
Either that or she's completely retarded.
And as for when I had to make presentations for class I just searched in YouTube "How to make a presentation" or "How to edit
Eastern Europe
no one in europe wants to be hostage to your traumatic
many revolutionaries and so on
Well you can't say you didn't hear protestors wanting stuff but still protesting, that's absurd
Reading some of the replies here makes me think we don't have it as bad
Parents would only come to pick you up on rare instances like if there was a huge storm outside or something
Pardon me, i meant the regions where they were a majority but were left outside of their country.
Trus in Bulgarian means quake/shake, divan - sofa and kvachka - duck/annoying person
Bulgarian cuisine is a collection of only exquisite top notch meals
Formally strong pro EU, at least as long as they receive EU money
France has pledged to invest almost a billion euros into higher education over the next five years
I apologize, i am not well informed about Norway.
SLAVIC is A language family, NOT ethnic group
Canada's not fascist enough for Bulgarians
Such hostility towards another member state should not be tolerated.
You don't notice that cause you've decided to do it but it puts into perspective that EU contributions really aren't that big
UK got no problems to trade with the Union under such rules.
or that bridge with the dragons
Buzludzha is an amazing looking building
[Georgi Rakovski] - same
There were ethnic cleansing everywhere.
"Гушкаш букета" Or "Hug the bouquet', cuz u know
Bulgaria has the fastest shrinking population:
Eastern Europe be like: "Yeah, we poor, keep scrolling "
Yeah, the transparent plastic gives it a trashy view . The cat is classy enough to go above that
Nothing at all like modern ethno-nationalists.
Also they conveyed the out of touch comment correctly.
"The third way", a.k.a neoliberalism.
Mommy where is UK going
This is incorrect
After our liberation from Ottoman rule, the first two of our monarchs were German
It would have made for a fantastic space, and location to be repurposed into a museum documenting the ills of totalitarianism, and the symbol of using that building would have been immense
These three differences make it fundamentally difficult for Europe to implement the Aussie experience.
Legalised euthanasia
Bulgaria and it's a leading news story in all media every single day
What more proof does a denier need, a time machine
[The Irony of Fate]
We have it both ways, haha
Are black or green olives more popular in your country
After all we are facing more aggressive and revisionist Russia in our doorsteps!
How did that guy get to write there?
A friend from the region once said that the village is cursed for not having any living [kukeri] in it to chase the demons away
I very much doubt whoever was on the ground pushing the button though he was downing a flying tube with civilians
Lol as if you wouldn't cheer the Germans on as they leisurely waltz in
I think your teacher might have gotten confused with some other language.
Ha...Briquit means end freedom of movement between the UK and the EU, wasn't that clear from the beginning?
We're still trying to teach these magic powers to some of the locals here, no need for tourists to join in
I remember you recently had some pro-choice protests which were among the most inspiring protests in Europe I remember from recent years
[Flowers of Europe] Shot was taken last fall, while walking in a forest.
Worst of all it's dry as hell
Well maybe, problem is our electricity bills (from what I know) are much higher than our neighbours, which considering how much we produce should be te opposite
Malicious bald midget
On this particular day 06.01 every year something called - ice dancing takes place.
Forget it, i am not a paper rat working on a desk, my occupation is in the production.
But they are whitening them, hence making easier to draw conclusions about the identity of the person - just no the correct one.
Turkish nationalists want to bring the Bulgarian Turks back to the fatherland
Come live in Bulgaria, without even working.
r/shittyfoodporn
As we all know, the Soviets built a lot of communist monuments related to the Soviet presence in the chosen country, for various reasons
[Flowers of Europe] Took the shot of this incredibly beautiful wild flower while hiking today.
Most scolars consider her to be 6 when they married, then he only put his dick between her thights and masturbated, and 9 when he fucked her
I’m not saying emigration after ‘89 is not an important factor but there’s more to the population decline for sure
Yes kosovars did assault serbians in Kosovo.
Since we can't travel back in time and prevent immigration in the past, we ought to focus our efforts on the kind of intelligence work that would be effective in the current situation.
This is not the case with San Marino since they changed their name from whatever was the original, probably [Monte Titano] which was more like a religious community rather than a real country until 1631
I mean back then it was the logical choice
Nahh, I prefer black ones
Let's stay positive
No offense but a german talking about grey weather or clothing is funny.
Weekly
Nationalism is a liberal 19th century political ideology that simply states:
Tunisia has better location though.
Dude, the story is actually **so** crazy I'm planning on writing about it in detail some day
In the 4th century, the [Gothic] bishop, missionary and translator [Ulfilas] (Wulfila) obtained permission from Emperor [Constantius II] to immigrate with his flock of converts to Moesia and settle near Nicopolis ad Istrum in 347-8
Don't feel bad
B-b-b-bird bird bird, bird is the word
If you look at a map with the average salaries in Europe, you can clearly see where the communism was.
Russians have very specific facial features in my opinion, I'm confident I can recognize one in a local crowd
This is yet another emotional argument that really doesn't mean anything
One thing is sure and that's that USA isn't the example we should follow
If we have to stick only with our culture the people who seem to be the most touchy on this subject will lose the most.
From today's "Unite for Europe" march in London.
I see lots of polish people at my work and for me it sounds like I just had a stroke
The most Bulgarian town outside of Bulgaria:Ohrid
If that's how it is in rich and powerful countries, no wonder a lot of people there think very highly of themselves
Staying doesnt involve a huge economic, political, social change that could cost billions to the country, leaving - will.
Thanks for the opinion, Im sure you really care about Ukraine.
For reference, down is Liberal and up is authoritarian
I swear it's so fucking weird seeing it like this
I've seen what nail artists over there charge $60 for and it's a rip off
Plenty of those
We call it:
Wait, how is the EU supposed to take your oil?
It has been observed that systems which combine democracy, aristocracy and autocratic rule are more likely to lead a nation into greatness as well as preserve the liberty of citizens than democratic countries (think British Empire, Roman Republic).
What camera and lens did you use, cause quality is not...sufficiently good.
More specifically, in non-UK Europe English
No one is talking, or at least I'm not talking and neither is Macron for the implementation of fees but for a reform in the bac, as well as fixing a standing issue of low social mobility thru education
Last time I ate one was a fire roasted octopus in a tavern in Nea Platia south of Thessaloniki
When i wrote medieval it is because lighting city lamps started at that period of time.
20-78% re-conviction rates, depending on country and term...
Yeah but this shit is normal by now
Goodbye Schengen and Eurozone :(
Russia and Turkey are short on friends, they need each other which is why this incident will be overlooked.
Are they they only people who can, or do, oppose mass immigration and demographic replacement in Sweden?
Hey I heard this quote from Bulgarian news.
(Not saying that at the same time the US doesn't have one of the worst elections, but...)
The service nowadays is engulfed in corruption because if you pay the right person, your chances to receive higher quality treatment are higher
You know English is the official language of Belize, right?
No work ethic whatsoever
Are the Amish any good at pickpocketing?
Irish, Scottish, Turkish sound funny.
When Russia invades you and forcefully installs 45+ years of communism, that halts any development that you had, you might not be very happy about that.
Weird, I've been to other big capitals, always seemed enough police in central zones (probably due to counter-terrorism) to deter any bullshit
So that's google.com/ncr in this case.
Anti-EE sentiment is not unique to the UK.
in theory yes in practice tho
I haven’t had this case but an acquaintance of mine said he had an online friend for a few months or years and the two didn’t know the other was Bulgarian till they were playing a game and after a loss my acquaintance cursed in Bulgarian
Today it's polite to say hello and it's almost a rule to do so
Like obviously you'd get some of the same "normal" names there but then there's names that just sound *super* American
About small homes they are normal brick houses, but also not really fine looking in general.
as he's just like Obama circa 2009
You guys aren't that special
They all have crazy blond hair
And i am being sarcastic to both Trump and Putin by calling them like that.
This looks like Sofia today to me.
Chinese infrastructure (very quickly built roads, bridges, buildings, etc that are made to last
Greece: How can you have so beautiful cities and yet all your buildings are covered in graffiti
Almost all Bulgarians identify themselves as Bulgarians first and foremost, then regionally
No personal attacks/insults please.
Well, his wife is Half-Bulgarian, so he had his Father-in-Law to teach him :)
Most youngsters have tried at least once and most adults around middle age and above see it as as the worst thing ever
Google Obama saying country X "punches above its weight". Same shit from China but worse
When we take it no one will ever *want* to take it back after a while under our governance.
We invented it
Or perhaps (judging by your hatred of them having their own schools and signage in Hungarian) the problem is that they haven't stopped speaking Hungarian
I just hope this one over multiculturalism passes in Europe before we have a well-established
Pretty heavy as it is stainless steel, and because of the weight, it is not convenient to carry it in your pockets.
At least under the Ottomans you were able to preserve your language and religion.
You can trade with your neighbour or you can war with your neighbour...
* [Rock-Hewn Churches of Ivanovo] \- monastic shelter built into the rocks near Ivanovo from the 1200s;
Similar thing happened to our Commercial register this summer
However on contrary of most other Easterners would think, my opinion about the reasons of the preposition is the ongoing problems in the EZ.
Do you think it makes any economic sense to go and take the bank's money and pay for shit with it
The Kurds are not fighting Assad nor do they want to control all of Syria, so it doesn't make sense to include them.
That every business leader in EU will applause them?
Now several thousand protest and government should resign
At least muslims do not drive drunk and kill people.
Mostly political bargainer without own agenda
Distinct characteristics are often shared in regions and not countries, so you'd have to choose
Other countries will try to take advantage of the situation and chisel out patches after the chaos and vacuum Trump-the-Clown and Trumplandia will cause.
And Russia's losing its shit
Now you can go make blowjobs to Edrogon-the-wannabe-Sultan.
There are also hamali (movers) - firms, specialised in moving heavy stuff
It's not as similar as Macedonian or Serbian but it's not too bad
With this no future Apples can screw the consumers by making their own speshul ports just so they can charge you extra
Like, I get where he was coming from with her last name
[I love it
If the price of the same food products is the same in East and West but quality different, then this is a valid concern.
Neo-Ottomanists want to restore the Ottoman Empire
You may have a point, but Turkey going authoritarian is helping no one.
These ideas don't work in France, they never did, they never will
But the funniest one I found a few weeks ago
disbelief
The political leverage that the South used to have 10 years ago is simply not there any more.
In the past it was somehow more.
With relocation package to Ireland.
Is that a possibility in your world?
If you keep interest rates too low, the economy can get addicted to cheap money.
Very prominent, though in certain years
That’s easy
Each one votes for what they've been told to vote for
The fuck is with this whoosh on my comments
When you say "globalism is cancer" you pretty much don't know what you are talking about.
We love Romanian tourists :)
If I remember correctly their job was to report on the "Gulenists".
Most people tend to visit Greece & Turkey because of said facts
I got very basic Kodak travel camera with super zoom and as far as i am aware, it does not have HDR option, not even long exposure.
The amount of hate towards the British lately is staggering.
You
What I don't get is why they distrust what **everybody else** is saying, because it's the same thing
Australia is a federation with central government and local authorities.
When u die you hug some flowers
In 1913 39% of the population was Jewish, in 2000 it was 0.3%.
Look, I understand your position, I understand the uneasiness off putting any believe in Western Europe.
Much love from Bulgaria
He made a famous speech on July 3rd, about two weeks after the start of the invasion
Wonder where rich people live nowadays
My dog cuz otherwise the world would be dark
The only public highschool that teaches math like that in my city is literally called a mathematics highschool
It's just USSR cinema isn't that popular in the west
Crying in Bulgarian
No wonder people go to better countries later on in their life
Yes, the young Bulgarian principality and then kingdom were ruled by foreigners
Probably like 1230s or something
the better part of Eastern Europe and Germany.
Depending on the context
I fell that two things are almost identical - darker, self-deprecating sence of humour and the way we speak
We should pre-emptively strike against those who are completely open about their plans to invade, conquer and exterminate us, and are actively using state power to prepare for making it happen.
Hey, sorry, couldn't find other pictures of the girl on the right in this exact dress (ran out of time), but [here's] another one of her in a different top dress that is somewhat similar
One of them promised to quadruple the minimum wage (zimbabwe here we come), another wanted to bring back mandatory military conscription so that we're prepared for when we need to fight the Turks (our NATO allies).
Bro I literally don't give a shit about your country
Please, read the linked charter.
Most of NATO's smaller countries have old and very small armies.
Yeah, although if you're referring to Hitar Petar, his exploits most often target either corrupt characters (the priest, the mayor, a cook who was trying to charge him for sniffing the food) or a rival trickster
I do, they're the same things basically
**Female names - royal consorts and female sebastocratic rulers:** Desislava, Elena, Petritsa, Irina, Anastasiya, Mariya, Mariya Survuvul, Agata, Yakvinta, Anna, Kira, Teodora, Yoanna, Eleonora, Margarita
The Sun is always depicted as male, even though it’s neuter
Wuppertal's on my bucket list as well
FREUDE
It got the media's attention though and the management has since been sacked
Vittu
Update 2: After the cancellation of the initial approval, by the end of the workday ecology minister decided to have the ecological impact assessment as mandated by UNESCO (Pirin national park is a [heritage site] and this is where the eco assessment requirement stems from).
Russian and Serbian are the easiest to understand, but it's not always easy to get what they're saying, also depends on the dialect of the speaker.
Works well
Much love
If you are used to writing in Cyrillic, you should be able to tell them apart immediately without even trying.
My money is on Greece and Croatia being more religious/conservative than Bulgaria.
(Nixon administration)
I for one am so OK with mandatory breathalysers for ALL cars.
Bjørk
Romania
The crime arguments against mass migration is indeed quite stupid, but you should understand that it isn't the reason most of these people oppose mass migration, rather merely one they give because they think it will attract more people to their side, instead of explaining the actual one of not wanting to be slowly replaced demographically.
Neither the original commentator nor i claim people magically dropped out of the skies into the exact spots they live.
> The idea of equalizing LGBTQ+ to pedophiles is on the rise
Sultanat of Erdogan, which was known as Turkey will quickly go down the drain.
If we can survive the next few years I think we can find ourselves in a pretty good spot.
That's the price you pay for going out clubbing
And then i tell you to chill out when you doubt that such a thing is possible, and please show me when have people *ever* criticized the nazis or compared bad things to them.
The PG's role is mostly to act as an "umbrella" that protects mafia interests from any serious investigation, or just conducts botched investigations so that they fall apart in court
English expats i know living abroad were very much against it, of course they have personal reasons.
The budget according to french scientist is getting better in a acceptable manner when it comes to research
You messed up Macedonia's flag, but I don't really care, bc I hate them
Good for the city administration to improve to pedestrian and cycling infrastructure, since with the decline of public transport, the Plovdiv citizens certainly need an alternative
Yeah sure, he's just talking out of his ass.
I feel like I'm in Florida or some shit
[This]) article says it, though the source they cite is paywalled.
[This] is exactly how it looked.
France already employs more than almost any other EU nation via government spending, this is not the way forward
I was today years old when I found out that Disneyland Paris is not the OG
A single coffee is like a liter and yet there's barely any coffee in it
And ancient greek alphabet is a copy of earlier phoenician alphabet, which in turn is a development of much earlier north-semitic alphabet and so on.
Heeey, my bois
In 2016 we made a survey with some 6000 respondents about night life in Sofia
Chalga or "pop-folk", full stop
You can see stuff in the comments under different articles like:
That's why I find it difficult to wrap my head around the concept of cases and even more so the absence of articles
should the rest of us be worried
You can check the gallery of the [Jeravna festival of the folk costume] \- this is an annual festival celebrating the Bulgarian national garb (and not only Bulgarian
You live in your own deranged, messed up world
" - to be standing around and looking around, optionally with suspicion, and not doing anything
I feel weird about them, I'll pass
And they choose to do it in tight, self-segregated muslim communities that become cultural colonies where even after multiple generations the people haven't assimilated, but instead grow up despising the local culture and people and hold even stronger onto their identity.
In Bulgaria maybe the Trace region is the odd one out
Turned out they're cousins that met hundreds of miles away, for the first time in their lives
If you want to offend me you should have put more effort in it considering we were the only european nation which saved it's entire jew and gypsy populations during WWII
[Ivan Vazov] - "the Patriarch of Bulgarian literature".
&#x200B;
I think on both languages equally easy but for translate from one on another need put effort because structure very different
You can add a pronoun or not
More awareness needs to be brought to that issue.
A strong Russia/SU was the reason all of Europe didn't fall to fascism, which was a positive result, at least for the western half of the continent that escaped authoritarianism.
People speaking in the dialect used in Sofia are usually seen as stuck up in the East, while an Easterner speaking in their soft tongue in the West (especially in Sofia) will be singled out as "a provincialist".
As a Bulgarian you should know better, we're a mix of Slavs, Bulgars and Thracians and they used to coexist peacefully until they became one.
Ruins and corruption :(
As a Bulgarian who did something similar, I studied in the Netherlands are recently came back home
English is not my native language and i used a simple example.
Not really sure, don't know any good Bulgarian movies
Also, I'm almost positive that he was the one who praised warmongering, evil, billionaire regime-changer George Soros the other day.
against the weight of his father's head
There are *some* grounds for calling double standards, of course that doesn't excuse the subsequent reaction.
Probably the stereotypical average office worker who is never satisfied and is always looking at their options, trying to get the most out of every interested party
From those I've seen in Bulgaria they actually are racist, they just forget the racism when the player is in form for their team
Good luck
I once heard it's because the name entered Bulgarian vernacular when the fortress became a border post when the First Bulgarian Empire expanded as far as there during the rule of Khan Krum
- According to the rest of the country, Sofians are privileged snobs who are ready to sacrifice their health (air quality in Sofia is deplorable most of the year) in order to make more money
It needs something to make it not feel like eating vomit
I wonder if this is some kind of fallacy, appeal to ideal or something
Russian with a Turkish accent is the most hilarious and at the same time infuriating comparison I've heard
I'm up for it
Varna, currently living in Sofia
In other news [Turkey will freeze new government investments
Welcome to Europe my friend
Kalmyks themselves are actually remnant of the mongol invasions, hence they've kept the religion.
Yeah let's create more anti-terrorism technologies!
Well, first of all my father's name translated to "Wolf", so everyone, especially his coworkers, used to call me "the wolf cub". My parents also called me "bear cub" and later I was very impressed with some documentary about deer and I'd walk around roaring like a stag, so mom still calls me "stag".
Been there, saw some historic material and learned there was a switch made by the king himself, now reading for more details.
Probably because it is super easy and common to import them, since Greece is right next to our butt
A nickname for Macedonians is 'Máke'
Names should not be translated or even transformed to fit the pronunciation of some language
What can the EU do in this instance
Here religious types are usually fairly low-profile, except for the church higher-ups, who drive fancy sports cars and flash their rolex watches and gold teeth like some kind of cartoon mafia boss (which they are) and everybody hates them
I don't consider that too bad, taking into account the difficult terrain in many places.
Also
Greens have a very strong taste, I can eat just one green olive a year, like a shot
Outside of Europe I'd say Los Angeles disappointed me the most
I feel like this has been posted before
I don't feel triggered enough
Dude, why on earth you picked up a Swede?
If that was actually true for the referendum, it would have passed with 99% of the vote.
No matter what, UK is still part of Europe ( not the EU ) and continental nations as well as Britons must cope with that fact.
As well as these [Genetic maps of Europe] and the [Mitochondrial DNA results of Ancient (Proto-) Bulgarians]#page_scan_tab_contents).
I had to goole wtf is "repassage facile", lol
It's definitely not *that* common
that of my parents, vs that of my grandparents, great-grandparents, etc
It follows the QWERTY layout (so A goes to A, E goes to E and say, Б goes to be, as it shares the same phonetic sound)
Thanks in large part to your friends at Goldman Sachs who screwed Greece over.
So that’s why I prefer to go for vacation there than the Black Sea and basically that’s the reason I usually consider them more as Mediterranean country than Balkan
Profit
They color green olives to make them look black
It's a town by the seaside which is nothing special, but it's cheap and attracts a lot of tourists, mainly Russian
Zurich
Slavic speakers have a better chance
Like, I get where he was coming from with her last name
Probably North Macedonia , there are like our little brother
Same goes for video games
Welp, there's a difference between east and west regarding Europe, and now that I think of, the west isn't immune to ridiculous politicians too (Le Pen, Boris Johnson
Sofia's central park, Borisova gradina, this morning
Fingols mad
all Macedonian towns are Bulgarian
The liberal tag is not as thrown around as much here as it is in NA since it actually has a solid meaning(classical liberalism) unlike the one you are using which is quite vague and can encompass a large spectrum of believes.
Fully 70% of undergraduates, says the ministry, fail to complete their degree in three years
That the US is more dangerous than Europe was obvious without statistics
What's with the EU and their dreams of breaking up the UK
Second similar comment, what exactly does that mean
More younger people are likely to identify themselves as undecided or atheist than older generations
Great
From uni I got to know some political PR specialists who work with the political elite and from what I understand it's an uphill battle to get them to adhere to even the most basic etiquette
HOW THERE THEY
I don't think nobody has a problem with Norway but the news that were probably fake blew up
And yet sound like a heavily dogmatic individual.
**Benefits of being within the EU:**
There is that thing known as economic sanctions and looking at Russia I can only imagine the devastation which can fall upon Turkey if Erdo keeps thinking he has the means to do the same shit Putin does.
Imagine you had a rich friend that loaned you 10k euros
Agreed
How you may ask, we'll get some straps and tie everything down as much as you can to try and keep it in your car
> Muslim leaders have been to these camps
When you forget to close the door: You are not walking through curtains
I wish
The choice between a lesser evil and no evil must always be the no evil
that sounded familiar
You guys really got the short end of the stick with "Roma" being a word
It was a frequent motif for them to steal a (often magical) girl's clothes while she was bathing to extort her into marrying them, or killing all her guards just to bang her and then fly away
Or can you imagine Russia with 25 times bigger GDP
Now if the question was where i wish i lived, like choosing where i was born, i would say Norway or Switzerland, but i can't "move" there since they are not in the EU, i don't understand their language, and everything is super expensive there.
Interesting but how do you measure that
>What I heard was : people want more public services, and don't want poor people to pay for it, because it's unfair
Why would we want to give Dobruja to Romania?
And made the logical conclusion that greeks complain a lot because the state spoiled them the last decades.
>Bulgaria: weapons manufacturer
The bac is an entrance ticket to university, yet too many students drop out once they get there
To be fair, a lot of people see islam as very backwards.
Isn’t a custom also what he did
Personally I wouldn't mind EU sanctions if there are misuses of funds in Bulgaria, and there sure as hell are
I'm almost sure I'd learn basically the same stuff at a local Uni as I do in the UK but I wouldn't meet people as driven or as diverse
Enjoy
Of the native English speakers, i find British accents to be hardest to understand.
Yeah and thank goodness that Bulgaria refused to send troops to Russia due to them having freed us one generation before
Probably some are, but all the people who had plans to move to Britain in the next 3 or 5 years are going in now.
Fun fact, two reasons Iceland speed limit is so low
I wish you guys luck, you already got them once, you should be able to deal with them again!
I think we could be useful militarily
We did a bloodless revolution too
No, a latvian wouldn't know what to do with it, so why steal.
Yes but soon Erdogan will free us of this Dutch tyranny and we will be able to escape to glorious Turkey.
Hell yeah
It shows an ambition to solve *the biggest* problem humanity has ever faced, and threatening not to cooperate because it doesn't help the US economy or the "poor" American workers (not that he cares about them) is just a pisstake
Historians can't even agree how many people lived in Constantinople or Baghdad or Cordoba at a certain point, let alone give precise estimates of the fatalities in any given conflict before the modern era
Yet people still migrate in mass to the US
We have an [Ombudsman] in Bulgaria too.
Also literature is what makes a language a language
I know that in Poland they have removed almost all of them
I think the EU is pretty much the only government in the world right now which does something to protect privacy and help whistleblowers?
With sand and sticks and shells
The European concept of nationalism is quite different from the American one.
I wonder how many of them get payed to do it.
For Bulgarians it's Macedonian and Serbian
It's pretty easy to learn
Encryption can't be broken, but the message can be saved for later retrieval.
Same here
This has already started for older people
Absolutely no Sex Ed
>The Vikings were also only mentioned when it came to the expansion of the Roman Empire in Europe
They aren't, prolly just a weeb.
Anyways, none of these is produced for specific country cause those are niche products.
Most are unemployed and live on government benefits, most of those being child benefits cause they have many children.
Grammar I think is more manageable, but it is not a whole lot easier, either
In Bulgarian the informal is ти (ti (ti in tick)) and the formal is ви (vi (vi in vision)).
Does Turkey still have any blasphemy laws?
That's another thing, you cannot take even the tiniest bit of criticism, while constantly criticising other and teaching them how to live.
The Balkans have the Hajduks/Hajduti
He then went on to mutilate and rob the demonesses and later had to feed the undead in some grave to get some answers
I don't think I need to explain how
Also, why would Turkey try to attack us
This is true for most of the USA but in Saint Louis (home of Budweiser) you can drink in the street no problem
A national standard is a great idea that doesn't hinder the market in any way, while helping the consumer.
Actually put **effort** into it
I see lots of polish people at my work and for me it sounds like I just had a stroke
A fact checker is not censorship.
Тоя в началото като се обърна с гипсираната ръка и разбрах че предстои нещо много специално
Well , I nominate [The Black Sheep] from the band Ahat , the most famous Bulgarian metal/rock song .
There is still a noticeable difference though.
Ok, I think so too except your comment that I originally responded to  said the ideal was for everyone to be fed and for nothing to be wasted so I just pointed how the "nothing wasted" part may not be as good as it intuitively sounds to us
Do you think all that Brexit stuff posted on r/Europe on daily basis is boring?
So Serbia proper couldn't support financially and military Srpska, during the war.
Well the reason i asked in the first place is becasue i have seen it on more than one nationalist Romanian flags and maps in the past, so i wondered what the nationalist rationale for Romania to have it is.
FWIW they're below the average for EU28 as well.
Higher entry requirments doesn't mean higher cost for students
It's going to be one of the worst elections...
Джон мейд хиз уей ту а таверн тру да дарк форест, онли ту фаинд аут дат хи форгот хиз мони
Few weeks ago I had a girlfriend which I was supposed to bring with me on a formal dinner.
Also, a beverage called "boza". Foreigners hate it, we drink it since childhood here and it's pretty well-liked
I am as pro-NATO and pro-America as they come, but there is no doubt in my mind that the Iraq war was a terrible mistake by the United States.
Serbia has been much more of a friend to Russia in the last 100 years than us or the Baltic states
What people want is less poverty, higher wages, how ? Well, while we're loosing money, finance has never been as healthy as it is today so there we go : let's take the money where it is
It's like a Russian teaching someone about alcohol abstitence.
It's fine, this ranking barely gets a mention in the mainstream media
That's basically what your average poster here wants.
Music and art should also be only for specialized schools that focus on gifted kids
Teachers of subjects that may become optional are worried about their future
Why taking EU subsidies should stop you from been critical of EU?
Also Turkey despite have land in Balkan Peninsula I wouldn’t consider them as that
You're just bitter because they're funny and you're not
I also think Serbia is a great rival and Greece too
I'm calling bullshit on "no data" for Lichtenstein, Vatican, Andorra San Marino and Monaco
Edit: Alternate [link]
Woo hoo...spectacular villages and scenery!
They are not even synced
And hence why those pushing for the violation of various property rights are effectively pushing for violence and social clash.
One day the Devil himself appeared and told the builder than the only way for a bridge to stand over this spot is to build the Devil's face in the bridge, but the face must be visible and invisible at the same time
To the Netherlands where I now live
So what now
Moldova's demographic crisis may worsen if it is accepted in the EU.
Because of all the protests I've done some reading on Romanian politics and holy shit if it isn't a mirror of my country's, only on a larger scale.
We have separate years
>But protests have also erupted over other issues, including calls for higher wages, lower taxes, better pensions and easier university entry requirements
Ironically, it looks like by seeking the collapse of the European Union, Nigel Farage may have in fact precipitated the disintegration of his own country.
Bold of you to assume the church has any money left after communism
*the whole city*, without any water
Last I checked the USB standard introduced to stop it by EU demand is on it's 7th major version
Pyrrhic victory
Voting for corporate welfare, more authoritarianism and backward social and economic policies isn't going to make life better.
It was substantiated enough to be presented to the president and for him to lie about whether he had even been informed about it.
I guess that one time in 1277, when Ivaylo, a peasant from Northern Bulgaria, led an uprising that resulted in the demise of emperor Konstantin Tih Asen
1,000,000,000,000 - трилион (trillion)
It's entirely possible to develop one but it depends more on the person because the substance isn't inherently addictive
This is likely the Fork version of the map
France has pledged to invest almost a billion euros into higher education over the next five years
No way
"Intelligent Speed Assistance" is going to be mandatory on new cars in a few years
Pretty similar in Bulgaria, there's nobody to vote for and parties that recruit more actively or pay more on the day of the election win.
Stop attributing positive and negative conotations to "freedom fighter", "terrorist" or even "freedom".
Me too
It's very effective for  completely exhausting your child, making sure you don't have to help them study yourself, and keeping them in school while you're at work
I gave the UK as an example because it's the best known one, but other countries have problems too with shady journalism rarely constrained by fact.
> Bulgarians are particularly annoyed by the phrase "Russian alphabet"
The place is narrow, we were close to each other and one couldn't grasp it in one look.
In the labor market supply and demand regulate wages
And nobody stopped them and nobody will stop them if they decide to default and quit Eurozone, reintroduce drachma and try managing completely on their own.
I'm sure Western governments would love to do the  same things as China but let's face it if they tried everyone would criticise it as neocolonialism
Huh...swedish men are in sex tourism as much as the swedish women?
They get more money from benefits and child care than they would by working.
In Bulgaria people put mustard/ketchup/mayo all over their pizza before eating
It's very appreciated if a foreigner have learned something,  we love when someone have put a bit of effort to learn our very unpopular language
Wow, I don't know how that happened, I even pulled up a list of colonial powers and copied them here
Defensive as in like I've explained this over 3 times now
Between 2003 and 2012, performance in international maths tests fell compared with other countries
Isn't he trying to bring the death penalty back?
Personal name + Father's name + Father's Family name
More worrying is that people believe that public relations (PR) is between people and politicians, when it's obviously between people and big business.
German - Danke
There's also the old-fought war whether to call peppers "piperka" or "chushka"
That's not a thing
Good deals mean nothing, what's next?
I am not sure how it works if your undergrad is not from the UK but I would be surprised if there is a problem
Today they are hitting large and middle businesses, tomorrow it may well be you and me, unless you're on friendly terms with someone in power
The truth is somewhere in the middle, imo
Bohemia was one of the richest parts of Europe, much richer than Ireland, Spain or Greece, yet poorer after communism.
I believe that this is a workable state of affairs - certainly a lot of work is needed - but with a couple of elections going in the right direction we can fix that
Its not like if i become a football player i will be paid a million euros
We need to see what happens to these businesses after their owners are stripped of them
But you might also find a shell bomb from ww2
If you think you got really good choice of TVs in BG, then you're wrong.
As a physician, I would be constantly endangered by lawsuits
And sooner or later, the members of the club will want to join the inner club, but that will mean ONE speed Europe again, which is against the preposition.
I don't like the way that happens in America (there's for criticism in Europe too, but not as much).
Hence why i can put them under the same umbrella term.
The sections of the Constitution that are in the prerogative of the Grand National Assembly cannot b changed by the regular Parliament
Interesting where EE countries would be now if we were allowed by our eastern Big Brother to receive MP funds too...
>ya dingus
Most people speak 2 languages
None, his way of talking was just a bit more informal, like "ain't". The way everyone talks but no one spells
Also Vasil Levski, Hristo Botev, Georgi Rakovski, all of them were revolutionaries and Ivan Vazov, who is the most famous bulgarian writer
YOU DON'T TOUCH THE MEMES
Why aren't you sanctioning democratically deficient Turkey, you spineless EU?
Why are Europe's poor regions being neglected, while millions are being spent on refugees?
Its pretty common on public buildings and hotels.
I think they fled after it was clear that the coup would not succeed.
The euro got weaker in regards to the dollar, this has almost nothing to do with economic growth.
Fucking northeners man
Yeah IIRC teachers here make like 700 levs a month (350 euro)
Communism
He is a subsistence farmer on a crumbling property and lives in 2 rooms
This is why:
We have vonfire day - Pokladi here its on the 49th day before Easter,  we say sorry to all of our family members,  then big , tall bonfires were let on fire we stay  and dance around them,  when they start to die of the tradition say that the young mans of the community should jump above the dying coles
All stereotypes have a grain of truth in them I suppose
I kind of thought Americans are likelier to do that, in addition to spelling some "conventional" names in more *kreatyve* ways (like the 10 thousand different ways to spell Katherine and it's variants)
3k but let me indulge you)
West Germany sword against East Germany sword?
This is absurd
I imagine trolls writing in the Danish media "Our Russian brothers!
>You're just justifying German or British policies, failing to remember that we're talking about France, a country with an egalitarian culture contrary to the other two
If the government had no control to impose regulation or meddled in the free market a monopoly is impossible since any unsatisfied/exploited consumer base is up for grabs for the competition.
The alliance shifts in the ME are so ridiculously chaotic.
Could be a loanword
Veliko Tarnovo on steroids
Yes, Russians can live with very little and they feel comfortable with that fact.
Macedonia is like our little brother
ps: I'm not saying that every restaurant or hotel is that bad, but most of them in fact are
Slovakia has good wines at great prices, too, but I'm surprised they prefer hard drinks :) Didn't like much Becherovka and never tried anything different from beer and wine in former Czechoslovakia...
The Balkans are named "Balkan" after Bulgarian mountains tho
If he had a major diplomacy role i would swallow the bitter pill and vote for whoever GERB nominated.
Instanbul
Now those are some inhumane conditions!
Interesting
>Also, why would Turkey try to attack us
Picture is a couple of days old.
And there is a 50% discount for students and retirees
And as EU member you always acted and wanted to be treated as the special kid on the block, right?
Crunchiness is basically low content of water and weak structure of the product.
I watched a brief report about how one town where the entire fire department was *2 people*.
Well I just went on youtube and everything that is from Bach is playable so I don't know what you're talking about
There is a town in Bulgaria called "Дупница" (Dupnitsa) which literally translates to Assville
And that that is insulting to women because
I was there and there was quite a number of people that I have seen in other rallies for legal reform/against corruption.
The rest is just technical stuff for technocrats.
We even had cases of bribed policemen and border guards.
If I have to be serious - laws for defending your property.
Take that away, and I very much doubt he will be able to win any elections.
Hopefully other Eastern European states will follow Polish example!
This dude invented it together with some colleagues
great, geoguessr will become even harder
The left should stop labelling "Anti-abortion" as a bad thing.
His ambassador to Bulgaria is not being political on his own accord.
But the lack of funding for highly specialised procedures usually means, people suffering from rare conditions have to go and receive treatment abroad - usually Germany or Israel
I think NASA would be the only part of the US government that is viewed positively worldwide.
I don't know if Bulgaria is "reknowned" for our beaches across the rest of Europe but we're cheaper than most of the Mediterranean, as far as Western tourists are concerned
Since no one takes care of the buildings, it is just depressing.
This probably a bit of illogical and unpopular opinion, but I approach this from another angle
I can think only of 2 countries willing to leave the Eurozone.
What is this area you specified?
Which is also why it seems to me that if the current protests don't reach their goals, most of the younger participants in them will not be staying here much longer
That said, wearing a diaper is not an very bad idea.
Part of almost every government in the last few decades
Around 10-12 grade even the most well-behaved students in the best school in the oblast were fed up
I understand that this law will help artist such as musicians to get better payment and royalties by tech giants, but this **should NOT come at the expense of free speech, sharing of information, free fan-made creation and memes
if you look at it, a lot of the disagreements are in the 'core' members though.
Most indoctrinated communists still believe that they freed us from the "fascist, classist and bourgeoisie" Tsar Boris III
> The state of Bulgaria
No communist can be a positive symbol, even purely ideologically and in the context of his time.
After all Russia lost the Cold war and will soon lose the new economic war again
I don't care if you judge me according to your stereotypes or not.
Netflix's House of cards is the only thing I can think of.
I my country wasn't in the Soviet Union, but it was in the Eastern Block
I mean, I am a Bulgarian and an European and I can't imagine the two contradict each other.
Well, now they're on their way back.
To Bulgaria
Education, it will be almost impossible for you NOT to get a job, but you'll have to find a private school to teach at if you actually want money
All the Dutch are so quiet
Actually at the moment I make somewhat less money as opposed to if I had followed my original profession, but my current job is also a 100 times less stressful and less demanding than teaching kids about literature
It's totally an absurd concept
Lmao
The most popular one would be him replacing the word for match°° with the word 'strike-burn-stick' (драсни-пални-клечица [drasni-palni-kletchitza])
"Зеле" (meaning "cabbage") is traditional
If that can bring it down, it should fucking go down.
All the Balkans yoghurts are amazing
I don't know if i support it per se but am not against it when it involves cultures who value education, achievement, art and so on and keep their religion to their private life.
They have been filling their heads that the UK is essential to the EU, they think that we are worried tf we going to do without them even tho most eu citizens forgot about Brexit
The fuck is with this whoosh on my comments
In the modern world small countries may survive only if unite with other small states.
Basic stuff like:
Money is the most common reason, but there are others as well.
Specifically hiding data and statistics by the police on the race, ethnicity or origin of criminals is such an attempt at social engineering of public opinion.
People need to stop cutting Huntington.
There are decent gypsies but they are a minority.
It's absolutely the same thing with Kosovo
In an attempt to save face, the video shows our pro-government media's (the most watched one) "response" to those claims - that this judicial attacks are due to "money laundering allegations" and bullshit like that
Will they also legalise euthanasia for the depressed
OMG YOU SPEAK SPANISH WHY ARE YOU PRETENDING THAT YOU DON'T SPEAK SPANISH
Sporadic terrorist attacks is one thing, but having a growing threat of far right movements' rising is something far worse, because it's there to stay.
It is the exact same thing, they do it 12 days later because their church uses the old calendar
Many towns here have Roman ruins, to a varying degree of preservation - many are exactly ruins, but there are also some very preserved ones
Dude I feel like this was the longest winter ever
Not news, a poster in our sub was telling about the same thing.
I'm pretty sure that without intensive goverment propaganda feeding it everything will come back to neuturality
As for living standards I'd say that the average Bulgarian lives poorly and i don't even want to get to the point with pensioners
The four freedoms of the EU are the closest that we come to a unified identity
As for IT, yes, you'd expect most to have a working knowledge of computers, but most young people use smartphones nowadays and I've definitely noticed that only certain demographics (gamers, programmers etc
Not like we have an entirely different history and descent
It's good that you at least admit you have no idea what you are talking about.
I for example if I happen to be in the states on a Saturday morning with a bit of time to spare, I go to a farmer's market in Brooklyn where there's a lady who has fabulous chocolate!
Learn from your history
This increases GDP and EU budget contributions are based on GDP
If i am mistaken for the name, don't mind to correct me :)
Never seen a "Bulgarian" option available but I have played the Sims in French and Russian at times, for practice's sake - it doesn't risk me fucking up the storyline or not understanding something important quite as much as an RPG would
Black american people aren't saying white people have no cultures
So 400 is четиристотин (chetiristotin) followed by the decimals etc
The poor sod is gonna demand he gets a vote for every high-ranking position in his government now :(
If you're visiting don't bother with Amsterdam; it's become just another pretty European city, instead go East for Utrecht, Muiden, South for Hellevoetsluis, or North for Giethoorn
Hmm is this my new wallpaper ?
most of those (at least in Bulgaria) say that max vaccination during a pandemic is dog shit, not to mention the measures taken to "control" it
What's up with Ukraine lmao
Fuck this policy
I guess no one remembers the relocations of bulgarians out of southern Thrace anymore
He resigned a few years ago as the leader of the air force because the leader of GERB and prime minister, didnt want to update our fighter jets which have become really pathetic.
There definitely are imported groceries, but only some specific products
Really depends on what kind of stuff you're into
Not that the Latin alphabet itself is ugly, it's as cool as every other alphabet, just to see Bulgarian words written like that is....
Administrative work, voting, and being able to familiarise yourself with and obeying the laws are some serious points in my book
It looks like government spending is inversely related with economic growth.
Well I have been working since day one to support myself and also I am currently working as a developer, so I have paid my due and will continue to invest in the country
LOL
We are able to visit Mongolia any time we want since we are stronk mongols
Part of me has considered moving back
If i understand you correctly the ownership in our debate - what is needed in order to have "theft" you believe is an institutional fact, which is only possible due to the Social game we choose to play.
The flow stopped because Austria, Hungary and then the Balkan states closed their borders.
When its only them getting it, its a privilege.
Vittu
To force a singular Bulgarian identity and make people love the country which is just codeword for the ruling regime (BKP at the time)
When they tell them to go back to India, this is not meant as an insult to the country of India.
Nobody gives a shit what the Turkish administration is doing.
I too dislike his hard nationalism
Bubble gum Turbo when there is retro week in Lidl, paper 2 Leva note (now the 2 lv
Good lads, how else would you see the beauty of the Bulgarian male physique
For that last bit alone he deserves to be hailed as a hero.
Villages and small towns are very depopulated
Condescending liberals like you are why Brexit happened, Trump got elected and nationalism is on the rise.
It's just something I noticed in Americans and found funny
Other than the name we don't have much left from them.
In bulgarian it's Слънцето (read like this: Slŭntseto) (male) and Луната (read like this: Lunata) (female)
Turned out the english name is - elk.
But I'm gonna make sure I spread the word about it till September
Seriously though, even the smaller cities I've been to in Romania are stunning compared to Bulgarian infrastructure
I clicked on the link, and it says database error!
Tell me about it
The quality of life in Poland today compared to the 1980s is about 100 times better....maybe more.
Economist agree that the reforms in Germany made sense and were needed, the effects are obvious in that Germany now has very low unemployment rate while before it was  as big as France has currently
Only the "untrustworthy, oligarch-owned media that aims to totally discredit our glorious government and the wonderful progress of Bulgaria" talk about this placement
You didn't unite all south slavs
Bulgaria is a beautiful country and I admire the resilience and fortitude of the people here
imo they should just be moved somewhere
This sounded like great news until I remembered we're leaving the EU
And don't come at me with obvious dumb shit like you see someone who has toilet paper sticking out of his pants and you won't say anything, no of course, if you have some social skills you know when to be honest and when to keep what you have to say to yourself
If the person has some real interest in someone else that is fine, if not its useless.
Walking in the nature, hiking, jogging, fishing and enjoying my holiday.
I do have Swedish snus in portions, brand is Kronan.
Bit more disclaimer for Latin-based speakers - in Cyrillic we use same-written "H" character for our ["En" letter] not like you for [/ˈeɪtʃ/] .  Also our equivalent h/ch/kh sound is for the [Х letter] (which amusingly is again used differently from Latin, because Cyrillic [originates from Greek script mostly]
Ислямска държава, or Islamic state in english.
* *bready red;*
The weirdest thing is that Dutch public transport is not becoming free in 2020, so I fail to see how saying BeNeLux means that free transortation is coming to Belgium and the Netherlands
The time of Julius Caesar's rise and fall is better documented than most periods prior to the High Middle Ages, sure, but it's still filled with humongous gaps, AFAIK
And here the games start at 21.45 and end at around 23.40, which is pretty nice considering that i have to wake up at 6am the next day -_-
Russia can be a pretty stellar country if they just focused on themselves, but the consequences are complicated.
How many are they are they the majority of Crimea population?
Checkmate, globecucks
Really small and mountainous state.
Oh...did not know those places are actually very close to high ways and parking lots are available around.
One of our biggest problems in my opinion is our huuuuge inferiority comlplex
You wish, ha
Fairly popular among young people
There is one that is marked by sounding all the emergency sirens in the country for two minutes at noon on the 2nd of June
So the question intrinsically becomes what do people think of the Muslim refugees coming from the middle east.
They're there to instill nationalism and loyalty to the state, no other reason
Sure, that is the reason for selling low quality tobacco that smells like shit in EE compared to tobacco sold in WE which has rich taste and flavor.
He appoints the General Prosecutor by a fake vote from the High Judicial Council
Good for you, that's the spirit.
All i know about it is that it was part of Yugoslavia but they are on good terms with Serbia.
There's never confusion about the gender of a word for that reason, so we know what article to use
&#x200B;
Thus the fallacy
In Bulgarian, it's fatherland (and there are st least two words that mean that) and mother's tongue
I havent heard of such a rule, altough in some houses not taking your shoes off is disrespectful
When you choose a country, a university and a degree call the university office which works with students and ask them.
Like tipping a nail artist or hair dresser
He was accused of not taking Bulgarian citizenship to avoid military service
Because we're equal in front of the face of mother nature
It's really hard
But the people who like to think and always look at the 2 sides of things are also skeptical.
Not really :(
'If the Netherlands became a republic tomorrow, it will not be the same country as before when it was a monarchy and all its history is lost, only the new republic Netherlands counts from tomorrow' This is what you sound like
that of my parents, vs that of my grandparents, great-grandparents, etc
Our language is like 97% phonetic and with the Cyrillic being created for it, makes differences between spelling and pronunciation rare
It allows me to meet with many different people of different nationalities and interacting with them has never been that easy as it is now.
[Rila Monastery]
They will probably get above 2%, but they won't parliament.
The US has around 60 000 military personnel in Europe and there have been numerous proposals to decrease that number or remove all of them
Bulgarians usually buy still water when thirsty and drinking tap water is very common
Liver smells horrendous to me
All new buildings have them, but if you see some unrenovated old ones then they likely will just have simple ones
*Ironic*
The Bild comes to mind instantly.
Usually it's whether we are or speak Russian
Let's see
Are salaries really higher in Bosnia than in Serbia and Macedonia or is this just a fluke?
For example, (assuming you're Dutch) and we're talking about breakfast, I could say "peanut butter isn't that popular here" and you go on a tangent about how "What do you put hagelslag on
Ahh, Just a general overview, I am not too deep in the specifics.
The people in the buses are coming from Turkey, they are not from Harmanli or Haskovo.
The few we do are covered pretty deeply, though
It's the other way around at least in Bulgaria.
This is such a crime against his own people.
He did have feelings for her, he wrote poems about her as well, but it was obvious they weren't as good/passionate as the ones for the underaged girl
Most of the Khans and the Tsars
But the smaller party in the ruling coalition are nationalists, so they get some favors as well
The quality of healthcare is also very important.
Nobody stops you to get to one of the southern islands :P
And we stand with Greece and Armenia
Russia got decimated in Finland
> happy liberation day
Increase spending on Research and Development as well as education
It's not like i like Putin or support Russia, but USA is doing the same and act holier than thou which is angering me more
An atlas seems to be the logical progression for Ben "Subtlety?
Does it make it any less theft?
Back in time when i served as a soldier, there were almost no opt-outs, it was mandatory to be in the armed forces.
Shame that is never brought up when talking about the US-Mexico deficit or the UK-Germany one.
> София
Many people criticize Turkey, but here you have an Erdogan right at the heart of Europe.
I wish people would feel this comfortable and friendly even when they're not drunk
Nah, she usually refers to him as just 'Boyko' :D
The whole point of my example ties into the way Americans approach foreign subjects though
A couple of years ago
I was thinking about this as well 🤔 I bet one person in turkey would be rolling in money if he sees this
They DO pay their taxes, all of them.
I liked both but Austria is nicer tbh
It needs something to make it not feel like eating vomit
It's considered exotic, outlandish and unknown
> happy liberation day
It's so disgusting
Barcelona is not richer than Madrid and Rome is second only to Milan.
I've seen teachers leaving the bathrooms reeking of weed
It's cardinal sin in most of Europe as well
Bulgaria's is 10% and has a health system and roads to match
It comes from the people, you are literally saying you want to rob the people so that you can give it back to them
I am not sure how it works if your undergrad is not from the UK but I would be surprised if there is a problem
It means a person who makes people fear and respect him.
It is one of the 7 countries which has 100% of its mainland in the peninsula and accounts for about 23% of the Balkan territory
Although Hrvatska is sometimes called Хърватия - Hrvatija.
Cyrilic was designed for Bulgarian, why would we use someone else's alphabet when we've got our own?
Sounds disgusting, but it is the most refreshing thing  thing in the summer
12th one is "how do I force a period"
Doesn't seem like ISIS is going away any time soon though.
Here is not very popular,  but poppy seeds are added on sweet buns, rolls and stuff like that,  sesame seeds are still more popular but poppy is a close second
Awesome
I mainly use potato for fries so if potatoes disappeared I'd just improvise with other vegetables and hide any weird flavours with mayo
Did Macedonia even exist in 1919
They won, that's exactly why I'm giving them as examples of how campaign talk doesn't translate to action.
Да, не сме като Скандинавците :)
Hmm...strange that Britons regularly posting on this sub, haven't started commenting.
" type of reaction
No one wants that but the far-left.
It isn't though, Germanic is the largest percentage of its vocabulary.
most ppl older than 45 here are just close minded
Sofia's GDP per capita PPP is already on par with France
Ok, but what do you do with that control that you couldn't in the EU?
Internships in it are an absolute must if you want to graduate - min
The old and the new empires and nations
If you talk slowly I can understand Russian and Slovak
Yeah, I have nothing against Finland
We made teleportation wristbands from scotch tape rolls
Why would you want a military which doesn't leave its home borders?
Luda po tebe is definitely on the same level as Neshto netipichno, it’s an evengreen
But you probably earn in an hour more than the average Bulgarian does for a whole day
It's OK
China doesn't just put Muslims into concentration camps (as if that's not the most horrible part) but it tries to suppress Islam on every front
Uh we aren't bankrupt yet
I have to actually think about how to say them every time and I have to push my brain to do it lol
That's actually interesting question for geography nuts - what is the impact on global climate if some country were water - Russia being the largest by a hefty margin would probably have the biggest impact
Rila Monastary - Founded in the 10th century by St John of Rila, or more correctly by the students that came to visit him
* [The Devil on the Zhivkovtsi's Church] \- in the 1970s the Communist party evicted the people of the village of Zhivkovtsi because it was due to be submerged by the new Osogovo dam
>Nato has no legal morals,
Did I miss you
As far as folklore songs go, those hold a special place in our popular culture and are the true mark of Bulgarian patriotism (to the point of stupidity, sometimes)
We can't have memes in /r/europe but facebook boomer cartoons are ok
/8 hours) is 23
Patronymic and family names end with -ov, -ev, -ski for males and -ova, -eva, -ska for females, while the very rare -ich is used for both genders
Why doesn't it apply to Marxism if it does to these two you mentioned?
People usually confuse when to use a subject 'the' and when to use a non-subject 'the', but it doesn't depend on if the word is new or not
For a guy with a glorious flair like "Empire of Poland" you sure do sound fruity
I never claimed it should be illegal, so i see no reason for you to explain to me the validity of free speech.
Yep, same here
>APL decrease
Whole of Europe I would imagine
One can admire the political awareness of the Romanian people.
And for younger folks I'd say Love Actually but maybe it's just my friend circle
And the feeling is great, tbh
You keep being paranoid about basic facts, that will get you somewhere.
Hillary is not innocent, she didn't deserve to lose to Trump, but she didn't deserve to win over Bernie, so there...
I don't know products prices in Romania but looking at ours we get worse quality but expensive foods here
What a fucking moron
Al Jazeera is hated by a lot of Bulgarians because of that scandalous documentary they did where they distorted history and said we were the bad guys for expelling the Ottoman invaders that occupied us for 500 years.
Main reason I moved from the amber part of the map to the turquoise part, after briefly considering the sky blue part
Also Camden was a very cool place that we do not have over here and it was a fun experience
The rules of WTO are good enough for trading between countries.
Mix in some Mongols and it's complete
Music and art should also be only for specialized schools that focus on gifted kids
Perfectly level headed maybe in North Korea.
Is the US now democratic, with their felony disenfranchisement laws?
Pretty much how front of "Kasbah" looked like, or Spon Street
Everything comes down to malevolent election interference by Russia
I'd take the same amount of time to leave EU, maybe even longer.
It is because Bulgarian business is not innovative and creative.
Depends if they intend to stay for the time the elected officials are in office
7 percentage points
It's always been interesting to me how we trade some sharp words or expel Russian diplomats or something every couple of years for one reason or another, yet relations never deteriorate beyond that
We also have an [insert dish] day
Everything is both populated and synthetic
White
The only country you have to fear is the USA and it's very unlikely the US would ever attack you.
Wasn't pre-2014 Russia the closest it's ever been to the West?
Waffles,European Parliament,Atomium
at the moment
We're all christians too, we just don't believe in it
You make fallacious connections though, linking obesity there and in Europe to the healthcare plan or state's role.
The point of this stat is, to show how early on their term they no longer have popular support.
what are you on about
* Vladimir Rasate - who tried to stop the Christianisation and Boris (his father) blinded him for it
". The fuck does that even mean and are you 12 for believing it
You need a good and fair education system first
Bold of you to assume the church has any money left after communism
Honestly, all of the iconic ones I can think of right now are staged portraits
Seen more than enough germans and dutch with the same attitude as brits.
It would not be at all surprising if they had some ties to Russia.
The average Russian is poorer than the average Latvian, even if the per capita figures point toward the opposite.
We do not necessarily have a whole lot in common now,  however I believe that EU-powered developments (border opening, encouraged trans-state migration and potential mixed marriages, joint multinational ventures etc
I guess no one remembers the relocations of bulgarians out of southern Thrace anymore
As far as I know, this is a macro for apostrophizing vowels in all UK-based keyboards, including the Danish one
If there is an official name of a country, that is the name in their native language and all others are translations or variations of it, including in English
They just don't like anything associated with the old system, especially the term it used to describe itself
No, Santa lives in Lappland which is a region located within three countries(if I am not mistaken) - Finland, Sweden and a small part in Norway
It's logical for the center of a city to be way better, but the further from the center you go the sadder it gets.
While the grateful part sounds more reasonable there are other questionable things.
Well, I started understanding basic English at around 7, 8 and then developed my knowledge through television and games and youtube videos
Bulgaria in fact returned some soldiers to Turkey, without any due process.
the rest of the country
You don't notice that cause you've decided to do it but it puts into perspective that EU contributions really aren't that big
Or rights with taxes for that matter.
This is terrible for the truckers
I clearly meant it as a continuous cultural-identity group.
As it should be done
Not meme-wise that I've heard of but middle aged men act the same way they're just not memed about because it's seen as a stereotypical "woman" thing
communities, rather than Morrocan, Algerian, Tunisian, Iraqi, Pakistani, Turkish etc.
The main problem (except the issues listed above) is that during winter and in windless days with low air pressure the air doesn't move.
As far as folklore songs go, those hold a special place in our popular culture and are the true mark of Bulgarian patriotism (to the point of stupidity, sometimes)
It allows me to reside and work abroad.
We shouldn't have to rely on it, but here we are
The eventual solution I believe would be a federal bi-zonal bi-communal state where each constituent state (Turkish and Greek) has autonomy over its own internal matters but there is the appearance of a single state to the outside world.
Do I get the right to a weekend at the Bahamas because I work 40 hours a week
This was supposed to be done last year already
Tsar Boris I,
It seems his doing the right thing here
The tax accounts for less than 1
This was a totally normal thing
A tram also does not park in the underground parking lots, nor does it go to the neighbouring village or town
In other words, Erdo won't do shit and nothing will change.
Welcome to Europe my friend
The one in the middle can not even be compared with the other two pretty girls.
That's for 2017 during which the UK will still functionally be in the single market, however the projection for 2018 has been reduced by 0.3.
Hitler is also not hailed as the greatest german of all time.
You confuse Northern and Southern Dobrudja -
If by international OP means Balkan-wide fame, then the list is much longer and is primarily pop-folk, Vasilis Karras and such
Parliament is currently at 240, I believe, and they recently gave themselves a raise
Aren't there other countries you have long diplomatic relations with
**Greece** - I love the culture of family and unity
We keep eggs in the cold isles in Easter Europe, too
How TF
handicapped people eww
I also like Welsh, Japanese and a host of others
Helloooo...those planes will have to fly thru NATO aerospace and it is not sure they will get the permission need it.
Instead of a creation of jobs thru reforms and lower corporate tax, they made sure that French labor is the least competitive in the EU
I wear adidas tracksuits
He is telling him how it is said IN English, you moron.
What my words meant - with or without laws against something, if people want they will find other way around.
It split from DPS, which is the Turkish ethnic party in Bulgaria, over the downing of the Russian jet by Turkey.
And European nations are doomed to slide on that list in the future, it is inevitable.
Mostly older people and mostly from the villages hunt for fun (food) - wild hogs in hunting groups.
In Netherlands, the bike is part of the formal attire
(Yes, that's me looking like a psycho
No we only have to ask the latvia government if they are letting Erdogan attend marches for his referendum they are cleary not nazi
Don't know if you live in Bulgaria or if you have ANY idea of Bulgarian politics, but most of the politicians and people with power - journalists, religion members, university members and so on, are ex-communist agents of the communist secret police.
Plus, Romania has an [insane home ownership rate] I'd imagine most people already own a home, making renting less necessary than in the west.
Bulgarian here
Also why when you buy alcohol you put it in newspaper or some kind of paper to hide it
Do you feel like Romanians have the same problem
How exactly is Russian a rare language
[this one is my personal favorite]
Though 2016 has taught me that polls are not to be trusted
And I don't see any citation from DW.
Isn’t a custom also what he did
>Who had Macron as minister of the economy and was heavily criticized by the left wing because they did nothing for the people and by the right wing because their policies were absolutely stupid ? Also the same government that gave companies 40 billions euros as a gift because "they'll create a million jobs if we do" which did absolutely nothing ?
The truth is, EU is not just "an international framework", as you claim it to be in your other comments
As a settlement - it's dated to the 5th–6th millennium BC.
But Macedonia never existed as a country prior to the dissolution of Yugoslavia.
Hardly any Jews remain there today.
And no gun bullshit(fucking Fable) in my fantasy, thank you.
What should i wish of a person who kidnapped, raped, murdered multiple small girls and then bragged about it?
To me, this sounds great
Introduce a cup of peas to ducks and witness World War 3
Ah, a fellow WoW player, good to see a frien
Well it's hard to explain
I like cold, so for me to feel cold it would probably need to be around 0-10 degrees
A single payer NHS type a deal will be far superior in my mind, if we manage to reform the sector
Not historically and certainly not now
The sad part is that even these jokes give her more credit, than she has
Bulgaria and Serbia support this protest
Now it's just thrown in the trash and actively promotes the decrease in intelligence of your population
To me it sounds like you're ready to accept the virtues of nationalism.
Hitler very much wanted to ally with Britain but the Brits refused
Raise ESA's budget and let's have the first people on Mars be Europeans!
Probably still the least bad choice, but it is getting harder to pick
Deck of cards
Believe me, none of those who voted for majority two round system had any clue what its consequences are.
Your concerns are completely deranged.
Gypsies came to Eastern Europe with the Ottomans when they invaded and occupied the Balkans.
That may happen, and British citizens will not be feeling comfortable.
The basic fact is that the descendants of the Ancient Romans today are called Italians (mostly from around Rome and south of it)
with Bulgaria, couple of reasons:
I hope we are in for a surprise.
So if Turkey puts the number of Kurds at that, that's what CIA takes.
>like the Chechen, get massively oppressed
Not including modern day North Macedonia which basically split from Bulgaria in the early 20th century the list would be
Well at least in the Balkans it's very common
Not a good argument when they got elected fairly and are still leading polls
For TV's we get the diagonal in cm as well, but its not as popular as inches.
Romania has pretty good post-communist infrastructure
Hypocritical
Hmm, never heard that one actually
Wonder if they can be dated back to more than one and a half century?
On the other hand, Greek Cypriots would want a solution where Cyprus is a unitary state and Turkish Cypriots are relegated the status of a minority.
The United States don't care about the Albanians living in Kosovo, they've done this only for their interest to set up their military there and undermine Russia's authority, while also trying to improve their world standing by showing that the current administration is not against Islam and mitigate the anti-US settlements in the Middle East (failed).
I tried searching for a tax right off or even direct subsidies but could not find anything really
It's impressive, don't get me wrong, it's just that I'm used to it now
I remember going there for example in 2011 and it was so modernized everything and people were very friendly and approachable especially with women, now I am afraid to go there without my mom or my man(and I am in my mid 20s)
Mussolini politicized something normal and brought it to the extreme
You can set a desired arrival time which is very handy
USB 3
Isn't volleyball like second to football in Italy?
Not everybody needs bridges in Bulgaria
That's not just in Serbia
weapons
In Bulgaria, "бира/bira" is used most of the times, but I've seen "пиво/pivo" used to describe an old-fashioned beer
What if Hitler had overrun the Soviet Union?
I feel jealous of you dutchies
I’ve never studied Russian but I’m pretty sure it is
From where are you
Virtue signal is the new cuck, right?
3 to £335
A Bulgarian that can't fix anything
Yeah it wouldn't be optimal i would just be the best possible solution right now
Our prime minister - whom we have been protesting against for 2 weeks now - is bragging all around how we got more money than last time even though the overall budget is lower
After gaining some experience and making a name for myself, things got dramatically better.
We're lucky to not have at least these fuckers, because of our "exotic" language.
Most of the governments in EE buy their votes when it's election time for like 20-30 Euro , so they don't prosecute them hard, which furthermore adds fuel to the fire.
That's hilarious
They probably just don't understand how the internet works
Still disagree that they are essentially the same seeing as Belgium is actually doing ok in the money and population departments while Bulgaria
Don't underestimate yourself you should be more confident.
I agree that English is much more influential in not just Slovenia but many other countries as well
Also this one:
Cool, I got Austria
In fact, for the size of its minority language speakers it had easily the worst language laws in Europe
Summer time
I was surprised of Bulgaria ranking - 29.
>...pizzas, I recommend seafood
Definitely a thing in Bulgaria - well known cheap booze destination
I have lived through all Bulgarian governments since communist regime, and current one is actually the least harmful one
BSP are ex-communists and their children basically the people who fucked us while we were under communism, sadly the change between regimes was not violent like the one in Romania and we didn't kill them.
Because on average our streets are narrow and can’t feed a building that big
Didn't the Russians start out in Kiev
Could be also an offensive post, pro nazi stuff and all
That however does not apply for the rest of the continent.
Bombing of Yugoslavia
However, I also think that the protests are very important because they show that people won't tolerate being played around
The only state I know of getting around this rule even though they are eligible for the currency is Denmark
Be ready for greater percentage.
We have a cold soup called tarator - it consists of yoghurt, cucumbers, garlic, salt, dill and maybe walnuts
Today i read about it and how it probably derives from when we were enslaved
Somewhere in the more northern parts(the area around Beijing or Manchuria) because I would hate the super humid and hot south.
Let alone when most of the world is well below their level of development
None jailed tho so horray freedom of speech
There are other brands that the LIDL chocolate has to compete with such as Milka, Lindt, etc and from my experience of eating these both in Bulgaria and abroad (South Korea, Hong Kong), their quality seems on par.
Assassin's Creed Liberation and Rogue were developed by Ubisoft Sofia
BSP will possibly gain some votes at the expense of GERB, unless a new player enters the field (Slavi Trifonov is being touted as the new player on the scene).
Never did get attached to any of them, they were well...just work places.
We're still waiting to see how they perform their marvelous exit.) So follow, will you?
Because they were latinized
People are going the other direction.
I was a particurarly rowdy kid and did stupid and dangerous shit my parents warned me about all the time.
Pros: Nice weather, amazing nature, nice beaches, rich culture and nice food
is coin)
Teemu Pukki will beat that record this season
Why should we support the wishes of kosovars but not the crimeans?
Huh...so after throwing all that money, after years of "reforms" and austerity measures Greece in fact is more dysfunctional than it used to be.
I'd say it's the toxic culture that promotes aggressive masculinity, not unlike Russia.
It almost looks like he organized all these things
Put the criminals in prison or extradite them.
We are currently on our 4th Constitution:
Vlad Tepes is rolling in his grave.
Parents usually feel okey with having you around
And yet your rethoric is 100% Turk Turanist-level bullshit we've heard for literary 20 years now despite it being impossible that a population of high birth rates remains exactly the same numbers.
It's a fake editted post regarding how the US is a 3rd world country that has irony in it because it basically admits that students do travel to the US(making it not so much a 3rd world country) rather than staying in Norway
I'm going mostly off of memory, so maybe this is not 100% correct, but here it goes:
no Life is Life
75% of all maple syrup comes from Quebec.
I did not say that Bulgaria is the oldest country in Europe but the oldest one which never changed its name and San Marino did that
/r/im14andthisisdeep
Bulgaria
We don't really mind these though - we know that our language is complicated and whenever someone takes the time to sit and learn even the slightest bit of it we try our best to be encouraging
Aaaah, there is no place like home
I feel weird about them, I'll pass
I think Bulgaria might be because of the large number of British tourists that come
I don't understand this reply - no Lybia is not a fantastic place to visit, how does that correlate with returning people who are trying to illegally enter Europe to Lybia?
Religion is probably a part of it.
We can take every shitty thing UK did or does in these areas and find something matching in areas surrounding Russia
I'd love to go to Uni there but most of their public universities don't seem to have Bachelors taught in English
Those things are not unique to the EU, they are a global issue.
I do skip, and if there isn't a Bulgarian comment, I tend to post one
What part of "but what about other countries that use a similar system" isn't pure whataboutism
The concept of theft is that it is involuntary - you never agree with the theft and the thief gives you no choice to not be robbed.
Those are not gags
The same thing happened in Germany can you tell me, without saying the French values are different because they really aren't, what makes the French market not flexible to such changes
Warsawo walcz
All professions the state doesn't need and for whom there's little work
"Da uchish ezitsi e prekrasno i shte se radvam da nauchish moya ezik"
It was a hilarious troll, and I'm sure many idiots actually think that way.
It wouldn't be controversial if they were just born abroad, but if they had longstanding connection with another country, it would definitely be controversial
TIL we were famous a long time ago.
Yeah but this shit is normal by now
Our tourism ministry should hire this guy as he does a way better job than they do :D
A university course and self teaching will give you a lot more information on IT than a few vague classes in school
After they pay utilities, many have enough money only for a slice or two of bread per week and that's it
So even after fire out a good proportion of them, they still have enough people to offer decent services.
Woah...huge warehouse for flowers in pots.
There is also the whole Kosovo thing
You mean no one's ever pulled the ol' "Oh, like Siberia
I'm not sure why OP was so late with this pic.
Yes the way Finns defended their country deserves applause.
WOOOOOO
When I drove around the country with friends I saw vast empty spaces.
A Bulgarian here, we're still trying to fight too and honestly the progress has been slow
The legal justification is the Geneva convention.
Triggered
How can people believe this
Was he the guy who was not executed in one uprising because he was American (well had american passport I guess)
But USB C can supply most common laptops and we can probably have a USB 4-C x2 that has double the power lanes for the really power hungry ones if it is really needed
It's a common misconception that the winters will now be nice and warm
Of course a promotional video will lie to you.
But, again, that doesn't mean that the Roman legacy is somehow shared between all peoples that were conquered by Rome
I feel so proud of my country right now
Russia
The main known guy to have been part of this creation was Kliment
And it would be such a coincidence, that A LOT of people will do it absolutely at the same time.
Probably true - the interview I read recently said exactly that.
The candidate names are not listed so the paper is only 1/4th of yours
In this case there was no such sentiment
Ah, the prisoners dilemma
However as saliva mixes with tobacco swallowing the mixture may lead to...throwing up.
The sad thing is that this building got to lose most of its original self so abruptly
Isn't his programme based on cutting the burreaucracy, regulation and taxes, limiting migration and pushing for an "EU of nations" rather than federalisation, with a restored role of France as the major geo-political leader with Germany on the continent.
Why is closing the borders for Sub-Saharan Africa a bad thing?
|General studies (sciences, law, history, linguistics etc
It's kind of annoying because it becomes a whole thing to do something nice for someone there
Like many of the people who comment I'd say that speaking the language should be a requirement for citizenship
So thats how he looks like, no wonder he doesn't want to be drawn, also the meth explains a lot
Why did it come out positive in the first place
Not sure what you're getting at.
>Another example that always fascinates me is the perception in France of  who helped the most in ending the war during WWII
Prolly [Alexander Nevsky Cathedral] for Bulgaria
From where are you
Even though we are going off topic i will reply.
The president of an official EU candidate country receiving millions in aid said this
Another poster said he is from Paris and that he takes his shoes off inside, that is why I thought it might be up to the region.
We are accustomed to protesting for months on end every few years with questionable (unfortunately) results
This system sucks
I like history, so my favorite is still medieval style fantasy and specifically the ones which keep the magical elements on the lower end.
But like the worst form gossiping hens, the ultimate super-Karen, you want to get into other people's business and ruin their fun
This is screwing the rest because we can't shut them down and we only consume a finite amount of power
If i stop you on the street with a gun, take your money and go give them a bunch of poor people does that redeem my act or make it any less theft?
bg] are against government
Those were made by immigrants from all over the globe.
It's all the same, 'cause our lev is in a constant relation to the euro.
If we're going by actual political power, does that not rule out Elizabeth II
Khan Asparuh emigrated from somewhere from central Asia and let his people mix with the local slavs in today's northern Bulgaria.
For example here in Bulgaria there is almost no news from Greece on TV, radio and local web, even though we're neighbors.
In bulgarian it's Слънцето (read like this: Slŭntseto) (male) and Луната (read like this: Lunata) (female)
I'm just not that optimistic, if Putin wanted it I think he would do it.
Hmm, I wonder why that might be.
It's about his love for an underaged girl which he couldn't marry/be together with because her father forbid them
Grades 1-4 are bloated
) yogurt
It will improve local connections
Italians are not spoiled and don't mind working in factories or agriculture.
I have great-grandparents that took part in both Balkan wars and the first World War (not sure about the Second)
We also have a "meme" kinda phrase - "Bulgaria on three seas
A person is more efficient at distributing his income than any central authority and can better match his needs than any government can predict or react to changes in that preference
I mean we joined
There are societies of almost every kind that exist and one can freely choose to live in whichever model he likes.
In Bulgaria I've heard the Chinese investment promoters say the same: we have long diplomatic relations, everyday people in China totally know about Bulgaria and like it very much, blah blah
Eastern Europe is quite atheistic due to communism, much more so than say Ireland or Belgium, so what's backwards about religion?
For us as a region the Rhodopes, for the city I'd say plovdiv
George's day), we are skipping work and school then as well
How clenched must have been the ass of the captain at that moment
The official name isn't Germany, it should be Deutschland if anything
>Despite spending as much on secondary schooling as other OECD countries, France no longer achieves corresponding results
Importing that here would make it a rather expensive shit.
You'll be waiting 4 more months till it actually starts.
Brits are not special, they are just people like all other people.
People are not voting for AfD because they're cool, they're voting for them because you do indeed have problems that need urgent solving
Balanced is not misused at all
The Soviet occupation of Bessarabia, Bukovina, Eastern Poland, Latvia, Lithuania, Estonia, invasion of Finland or Hungary is "dirty insinuations".
What do you guys do at school
Huh...lush vegetation at that time of the year!?
I did not mean only the events in Ukraine and annexation of Crimea.
That's not everything
They *feel* like an empire and their economy is functioning well, I don't see why would they start realizing anything at all.
It is a jet engine, you can Google "Russian jet engine *whatever*" and they probably have build it at some point.
The US hasn't switched to metrics with the argument that it'll cost them many billions of dollars.
The subterranean levels of the tomb are actually a fallout shelter with the additional infrastructure for preserving the museum's mummy
I'd like to thank Romania and Greece for having our backs in terms of international politics when we need them
|Sport|Vasil Levski Sports Academy|
I try to match it but I'm always too hungry, so I will usually have finished my meal a long time ago
Almost everytime
I know you are out there and I believe in you
Don't worry, the numbers will equalise once Assad falls.
If it comes to that having modern and advanced equipment can:
First tier - yes, second tier - maybe in some cases
While Europe would have to deal with more of that shit, Turkey would become the new Cuba.
Sorry to hijack the post but I just wanna mention that "trolls" is a very wrong word that everybody uses for these people.
We used to have kings too but then the monarchy got yeeted out of existence in 1946 and with it the kings were gone too
Why is no one turning them into a colony but in stead they're being helped to reach the average European level?
He seems to have done an ok but not exceptional job, what would you say was bad about his rulings
* [Rila Monastery] \- a 10th century monastery that is also the largest one in the country and named after the patron saint of the Bulgarian nation;
Saying I live in a bubble is rich coming from you people
Varna, currently living in Sofia
A pile of shit filmed from enough altitude can always seem like a pile of roses, just like with New York.
For example: Искаш ли да ядеш шамари?
Our credit rating was upgraded last year
If I have to though - I'll definitely choose Scotland and possibly Glasgow again
The Netherlands is definitely not big in any metric
I can confirm this
Well the education is: 4yx 9k =36k(which is not true cuz when i started it was still 6
I think as far as ex-Bulgarian territories go, that one is least talked about just because we're basically experiencing the best relations we've ever had with each other
It doesn’t sound weird to me because in Bulgarian it’s always been Чехия (Chehia)
The word for "word" in Bulgarian is "duma" (дума).
I wouldn't say for miles and miles
I asked a simple historical question and you come insulting.
You haven't see military presence in European airports this last year?
And still all this time from 681 until now the name was only Bulgaria and nothing else
Ah the great Serbian Empire which lasted 25 years and was barely bigger than Yugoslavia.
Now maybe we get a bit of snow during January and February
The only way is what IMF proposed - debt relief.
The USSR is the last to conclude a  similar treaty
You need to clarify that White in Turkish is AK, which is also the name of Erdogan's party.
You just can't protect your family from him, period.
So they eat less, and more healthy, although perhaps not intentionally.
Dialects play a big part of it.
It tends to be very 'fluffy', like American bread, at least from supermarkets
Serbians for sure want to and will leave that quasi federation.
So right now, she's one of the lenders of our country's government debt.
In 2013, when he was announced to lead the "Bulgarian FBI", DANS, tens of thousands of people protested for months
Yes, sure
There are days there's no point in turning on the heating at home
So it's not uncommon for people to say "I go to the fitness"
And I thought only the "far-right" were spreading fake news..
I played A LOT in the street with friends, marbles, skating, climbing trees
That's quite a discrepancy in the EU.
It's not like they put your name in the polls mate.
And even with the system broken elsewhere, people can exert much more control over their national governments than over whatever this voluptuous, amorphic beast the EU has become
This is the most of Bulgaria I've seen in a while, and it's all bad
Why are you asking us if you are from_the_year_2032?
I can recognise if somebody is from the Balkans but the different Balkan nationalities are more like generalisations (eg tall person - likely Serb/Montenegrin/Bosniak, slightly darker - somewhere from the south Balkans), but those are not always correct
What if it's a bit harder to get in to university if your education is overall better
What do you mean by old Macedonia?
Well done
For a corrupt country like mine, EU is the only chance to have someone slap our politicians' wrist when they become too greedy
Thankfully the Austrian president is mostly a figurehead
Her family migrated to Canada when she was 2-year-old-girl.
Not to mention that the opposition in USA is way more influential than the one in Turkey.
For years the turkish party in Bulgaria was called DPS they were targeting the turkish minority in Kardjali and were like feudals in this area, It's first leader Ahmed Dogan was part of the bulgarian FBI, which was closely tied to Russian oligarchs, so the party was getting it's support both from Moscow and Ankara, there are some 150 000 Bulgarian Turks in European Turkey and all of them voted for DPS, last year after Ankara shot the Russian plane near the Syrian borded DPS leader in retirement Ahmed Dogan condemned The attacked and said we should support Russia and break diplomatic ties with Turkey or something like this.
An impassable void would be a much better way to stop illegal immigration than the unfinished fence we have now.
Now imagine the Irish claimed they invented English and gave it to the latter.
GERB has won the snap parliamentary elections for the 44th Parliament with 32.8% ahead of its main opponent BSP – 28.4%, reported BGNES, citing exit poll data.
Soros conspiracy is a classic over here
Can confirm
The ц fucks people up, and our Rs (р) are different than most (non-slavic) languages
Forgot to mention: during the first half of 20
It's hilarious on a table with friends while drinking
Its seen as normal
They told me they celebrate "end of season"every year.
I have said for a long time that any future unification plan will be less favorable to the South than the Annan Plan was.
And why is it in Latin characters
Kuusi palaa which in Finnish apparently means  gazillion different things depending on the context
(And is probably a disservice to countries like China that was influenced by Taoism, Buddhism and Confucianism)
They are filled with millenial marxists parroting pure communist rethoric i have had the unpleasure of witnessing numerous times.
If Russia wanted they could easily take all baltic states, germany and have a good chance taking france if it wasn't for nukes.
You use doughy sheets (like with baklava) and wrap a mixture of cheese, milk and eggs
Bin Laden was frequently appearing in al quada propaganda despite hiding like a rat for almost a decade.
I just don't get it
I think people here in Bulgaria are just to jaded to care.
The daughter of the Prime Minister falls in love with Peyo Yavorov and sort of stalks him until he marries her
My home town decreased with about 20 000 people in the past 15-20 years
Long story short, "Turks bad".
It's because of Trump's support of Poland and particularly PiS, especially against Russian interests
For example, Nina Dobrev should be Nina Dobreva.
u/Acctforlnsub below says it's called inverse vocative
First world problems - you have politicians.
I love to listen Russian in songs.
Pretty excited for this if I'm to be honest.
Still a big number of people will be unemployed.
Top speed - 100kmh in a 15 km stretch in Moesia
This is also true for most of Atlantic France.
Right next to "horrifying waves of islamophobia/how dare you be outraged that there is islamic terrorism" guy.
She got only 70 000 less than Obama in 2012.
8% is a good move
I hate cold so much
"We no need no stinking European Christianity!
After all, we have to keep up the export quotas to the rest of the EU, Lybia and Egypt
With being Bulgarian becoming rarer and rarer, you'll enjoy those perks even more as time goes on
But that’s my opinion ofc
East of the white lines is the Land of  Mordor, where the Shadows lie
You are long past the "we" part for quite some time to come.
It is about creating enemies to the Turkish people, creating danger, creating fear and distrust.
But the most peaceful ones aren't obligated to participate even if they sometimes do
A tram also does not park in the underground parking lots, nor does it go to the neighbouring village or town
Basically it's like having a dictator in charge
Doesn't signing the ptorotocols carry the weight of an international treaty?
Well, when in Rome
A pint is like half a liter, right?
They also propose to change the format of the bac to be more aligned with the rest of Europe
Pretty ironic for the country that holds the location of Auschwitz within its borders
I worked with a girl in the states who's grandparents were Bulgarian
Many people are just registered at there parents home, some even quite a few years, after they have bought their own
You should look into new cutting-edge super science 100% legit techniques such as [quantum medicine]
It is still our history
You'll manage in Bulgaria as well
Whether a name is spelled with я (ya) or a (Kristiyan/Kristian), or with a single/double n (Ana/Anna)
Aren't there other countries you have long diplomatic relations with
Absolute legend
The rectangular states or bad lands as we call them.
There already was a similar thread to this one.
Da drusam krushata - To shake the pear tree
Bombing of Yugoslavia
They looked fucking [cool] too
* Boris III - who refused to extradite the Jews during World War II and most likely Hitler poisoned him for it
And i am scared that 2nd generation migrants in Europe can easily become radicalized of such influences.
We're looking at her with my SO, and we're thinking - oh, it looks like someone got sick or needs a doctor, that's pitty, we hope they'll be fine
There's both theoretically and practically nothing you can do to prevent that should a person in the Kremlin take the decision to push a button.
How do you deny the whole thing happened
For: it's Slavic and phonetic, meaning it will be easier to pick up for many countries
And as far as I am concerned, that is the way it should be.
A lot of people use gas in Bulgaria because it's cheaper.
Going further back in the past naturally the variations become ever bigger
I don't know if Bulgaria is "reknowned" for our beaches across the rest of Europe but we're cheaper than most of the Mediterranean, as far as Western tourists are concerned
When I lived in Western Bulgarian, a lot of people mocked me because of my accent and pronunciation
- wherever Communism touches places that were relatively equal become vastly different, with the communist ones much poorer.
Хаха Bulgaria beats the vampires once again!
The bulgars were a small minority which was assimilated into the dominant slavic culture.
It's different in every school though - but it's usually between Math, Biology, Chemistry, History, Geography and Physics
One second of inattention, dead for life
Why am I not surprised that the Greek general wants to fuck men and have them fart on his dick
We don’t want this , most of the Uk doesn’t want this
There are days there's no point in turning on the heating at home
Ha, it's Dunav (Дунав) for us in Bulgaria
Sorry, we are doing cattle now.
If we're talking Larissa, then yes, 25 years is about right.
Problems will only be increasing.
One doesn't really need to personally benefit from a certain right to care to protect it
Threatening intercourse with one's mother, and describing in detail the sexual acts that will be performed.
I don't like companies using ingredients they haven't proved are safe, I don't like the way they way they handle copyright, I don't like the power companies hold over politics.
This needs to be fixed but lowering your standing on the world list as well as your research output is not the way to go about it
How did it go again "Everyone I don't like is Hitler" ?
I find it really hard to imagine that we won't reach the 4%.
Ha...i am currently on a greek island.
Technically we were alies of the Germans so I feel by proxy I can relay the story of one relative of mine
In the university basement they have excavated a neolithic settlement with a few dwellings which are more than 8000 years old with some old stone tools and clay statues in them
There are some who are trying to integrate and i feel bad about them because most people are prejudiced but that's understandable because the rest really are scum.
Really
The latter were designed to take hits from enemy's fire and reply back.
Goddamn that's a nice salary
the EU has to make it hard for the UK to leave so the rest of the EU states don't get ideas or otherwise everyone would want to leave
That for now remains a mystery.
It's back in the headlines cause it has turned into a tradition!
The smart move here (for him) is to talk to a lawyer first and see what he advises him before he starts embarasing himself in front of the police.
There's so much stealing/buying of songs in this genre it's honestly hard to keep track of everything
Others are Belgrade(done that, can't recommend), Thessaloniki and Istanbul
About a third of your population does want to get in
While I'm driving across Europe and expect to withdraw in more than one country for a day.
The funniest part is how things are with the covid-19 panic going on rn
Remember that even if a protest doesn't succeed with its most ambitious  goals it can still change things for the better by forcing the government to tone down some of its unpopular measures or abandon future plans to make things worse
Unless you're in the mountains.
When BSP and DPS was last in power, they supported all anti-Russian sanctions and enthusiastically so.
I mean back then it was the logical choice
The biggest difference is the almost crippling shortage of kindergartens and nurseries
News and politics news in particular are shit.
I asked my wife and in her school it was exactly like you wrote
One way or another UK will pay for not paying...
My favorite book as a kid was Ancient Greek Myths and Legends by Eduard Petiška.
I see no plans or push for EU wide taxation that allows free public transport, in fact, the way the current administration works, there is no framework for the EU to even impose taxes
And because my school was *infuriating*, you were **not** allowed to leave early, ever
If i had to create new base elsewhere just because of 8% of my operational income, i would rather dump that, or move greater part of my business to new location.
She's the first Iranian female player to play for a foreign club.
Damn
However it is not good you politicians using arrogant language regarding Europe just because the average ignorant English doe feels like Britain is the center of a glorious empire by such words.
All the best from Bulgaria
Fuck your faith and fuck your Mohammad
We went to the morgue when I was in the end of elementary school
It is very much a thing in Germany, Netherlands, Denmark and to lesser extent in the other "western" countries.
In Greece they cook rise with cuttlefish ink.
You're making it sound so simple, yet in your own words there is something quite unclear.
Yeah, the first 2017 baby was born by a 13-year-old gypsy girl.
SA gave money to some protesters groups who later became the "opposition" and USA started backing them in the hope that they will take out Assad, one of these groups is now what is called ISIS, from what i've read most of these groups are religious fanatics unlike Assad's government but that didn't stop USA and SA to support them, which is only in interest of SA, who are involved in a couple of proxy wars in Iran everywhere they can.
Yes, they think of it as conquest.
How about...your life means nothing?
Which is a problem if they meet foreign leaders
You're not a Bulgarian if you don't have:
It's not like NATO forbids offence
Switzerland-Швейцария(Shveicaria)
Sometimes it was a weather girl.
There seems to be a lot of conflicting information coming from people with french flags.
Lol in the USA these apparently cause cancer
Probably because of the cultural difference, but I was like "WTF?!?" the whole time.
dang
But they changed their name
The fact that RT stands for Russia Today is completely coincidental.
I've heard of him before, I think there's a statue that's in many jokes and caricatures, but I don't have any opinions.
And where did I say "the eu should do x"?
Lol, where are you - Varna, Plovdiv, Sofia
As for your last point, you're forgetting they also have no *incentive* to learn, either
She was born in 2003
Lies
oh wow, that's surprising
is a sentence in Bulgarian but written in Latin
You can't reliably distinguish closely related ethnicities from one another like that and there is no evidence that this is actually real
Ach, Berlin
Case in point: Belene nuclear reactor.
yeah but i dont get why were still pissed bout the ottomans, turks and ottomans are very didferent and there is no point in shaming the turks coz of their ancestors
In short - QWERTY but different flavours
You can't have a liberal democracy with a liberal constitution within an illiberal society, or else you haven't imposed it democratically, but against the will of the majority.
And we have a lot of bats like waaaay more species than Romania (suck it up Drakula)
What are here proposed policies
Greece needs a further reduction of its external debt to a sustainable level.
Why is it OK to insult millions of people who speak slavic language
I can speak only for Bulgarians
I do not know if you realize it, but in fact you have just desribed why it is subjective.
You realize that we are talking about wars and battles, right?
It was something not many people talked about and I wasn't that excited to go, but my english teacher basically told me "You're the best in your class/year, so you gotta". I won 2nd place, which means I went to regionals with the 1st place girl
Meanwhile my country has over 50% illegal barbarian deforestation
Fuck no
Biggest tip
Slovenia and Moldova are exceptions.
So, what i'm trying to say is : Good, the system is rotten and you probably wouldn't affect it much, so keep your health and dont go near that trainwreck
Rich countries get cheap labor and their companies can buyout smaller operations in new and underdeveloped markets, which instead of being protectionist were wide open to foreign takeover.
But by far the most popular are:
Because otherwise it isn't relevant.
I would recommend taking a look at this website: [ You can probably find a free masters or a fully funded one
All highways (~800km) have a speed limit of 140 with exceptions on some turns and tunnels, as well as a 60km stretch on one of the highways, which is in bad condition even for Bulgarian standards (so the solution was not to repair it but set the limit to 90km/h)
Oh, no
After I learned how to drive I started noticing how absolutely crucial this rule can be and how often I've gotten in dangerous situations because it's not enforced, both as a driver and pedestrian.
There is a good reason why most countries bordering Russia don't allow dual citizenship, we should learn from them.
I took a train there last week and i didn't even have to pick up any cans!
If they want to sanction France, Europe should sanction them
>Which, before the yellow jackets revolt, was going to also hit a lot of not so wealthy retired people, who when they worked were told that "we're taking your money and giving it to your parents", and now our told "we're taking your money and giving it to your children"...
A couple of years ago
Only Finland is smaller than Germany and by a little.
And lastly there are some classics that children simply must read
Get used to it as quickly as possible.
There is no NATO without the US.
Bulgarian gf or something
Радвам се да гледам и чета сърбин и хърватин да си говорят и да се разбират!!! Браво братя!
Member of EPP (!), the only MEP consistently votes oppositely to the election platform  that sent him (but in accordance with his native DSB, I guess)
There needs to be reforms to Islam, if Christans and other such religious can change to live in today's society, so can Islam, and I'm pretty sure there are any abundance of sects that are more progressive but have been condemned and silenced by a extreme part of Islam
They lived in Pella and all over what is currently Northern Greece.
When did Russia ever miss an opportunity to incite ethnic tensions?
Siendo búlgara en España, me reí de esto más de lo normal jajajaja
Same as detergents, i buy same brands in EE and WE and as i can compare i can tell you, the ones sold in EE are of low quality, they do not wash as good as the ones in WE.
*(2) The entire power of the State shall derive from the people
Well, Kliment Ohridski is *kind of* similar.
Our credit rating was upgraded last year
Bulgaria doesn't have any dumplings
An overblown story might not be the best basis on your opinion on the budget, the fact is the budget for HC has increased more than inflation
Now, in 2016, things are obviously not going well economically and you're right they are pumping out propaganda to try and mask the issue.
That is
Pirate more and you won't be affected
It's not even necessarily with any negative connotations or snooping, I guess we just kind of do it more often or more visible than other peoples
We dont know much about it so it'd be cool to see and understand what they did
Version from my school made no sence but was less offensive and rhymed
All major media owned by a single person (Peevski) and serving the ruling party (Borisov)
I would never bring it up if not asked
Pretty much 90% of your argument is strawmaning what I've said and what it actually meant instead of taking it at face value
If it's a more serious crime sure, but I'm thinking more along the lines of a Bulgarian pick pocket getting identified in Germany but escaping back to Bulgaria before being arrested
Incidentally the rebels which shot down the plane though that the air space had been closed - which it had been but well below the height at which airliners usually fly
France has an unemployment rate standing at about 9%. So yeah some people got a pay boost and because no actual reform can take place to make France more competitive, it was those 9% who made the sacrifice
It's crazy to think this happened in the 90s and so geographically close
Caesar's reputation is so stellar that the titles Tsar and Kaiser were still used into the 20th century while not too many people know about the atrocities he committed during his military campaigns
Aid, if provided, may indeed help stabilize government finances and reduce the influx of migrants from The New Gambia.
Yeah, hype him up so people don't feel the need to go out and cast a vote for someone who's sure to win anyways.
Haha, yep
It's the one next to it which is shit
So in a way, as we're all Europeans, it's hard to distinguish specifically where's this person from.
It is none of guy's business what Scots will do regarding the EU.
no Life is Life
You can never appease anyone, unfortunately
>we as Germans are already [...] far ahead then others
People in the states do use snuff or chewing tobacco.
The long exposure gave a picturesque view of Lyon.
I call them incompetent because they caught the wrong guy and seem like they have no idea where the actual terrorist went.
Yes of course no one is worried, my question merely was why *did* Romanians even have a claim on Southern Dobrudja at all, which to my knowledge never ever had a significant Romanian population of any kind.
He literally wrote much of his own history and excelled at public relations
We definitely don't deserve the money because they'd just go into the pockets of oligarchs
I may or may not want to share some embarrassing moments from diplomatic meetings caught on TV
I do give a shit
I agree with you, some of the apartment buildings in the city center are in desperate need of restoration.
"Po dyavolite" specifically is an artificially created term to translate "fuck" in movies while being very mild
You should try saying "the rural juror". That one is a trip even for native speakers
But what if someone tries to invade you?
I’d say Vasil Levski
Like people randomly slamming the phone at me with single word answers
I compared and made a conclusion why people in some countries even though been thru much worse situations than the current greek one, did not complain, and why greeks complain a lot.
Yea , my personal top 3 are :
But after the mating period is over they leave for Western Europe with their kids so all that sweet growth is wasted :(
Scots definitely will make a second independence referendum.
* Vladimir Rasate - who tried to stop the Christianisation and Boris (his father) blinded him for it
There are many Bulgarians that dislike our beaches and they like to go to Greece, Turkey some to Romania I have heard
The island is Karpathos, it is not among the famous Greek islands though!
Crimea has a substantial Tatar population that is facing persecution now under Russian rule.
From where you come
If you describe that as anti-British?
Not as many as people from r/ukpolitics who want the EU to collapse.
I hope your parliamentary elections go well too.
Literally nothing to do with rights, at all
With only 2 - 3 weeks, realistically, I'd delete at least 1/2 of the list.
Bulgarian has an additional vowel (ъ - pronounced similar to the English a in about), while it lacks two consonants that Serbo-Croatian has (ć and đ).
Чем же?
I find this interesting
Yes, and I'll never be convinced that it's not stupid to leave your dirty ass shoes on while home (or god forbid laying on your bed/couch with them on, which seems to be a thing according to American movies)
USB 3
Nobody is above the law here, maam
but Romania is the most corrupted country in Europe by far
I have problems with logic, whereas you come up with the brilliant conclusion if a side defends its territory it can't advance?
Still it is good that some greek women express their empathy towards refugee children.
If you're right I'll apologise for being wrong
And another note although people were killed by NATO, it's participation still pales in comparison to the actual Yugoslav wars which killed 130k people
I'd say it is pretty hard to learn both for Bulgarian
The young generation in Bulgaria especially uses more and more English words through exposure to English language media with Youtube and the rest of the internet and so on
It's made from fermented grains and some sugar
Even if they do, the islamic fanaticism won't disappear.
I don't care about when it get darks in the winter - it can already get dark at 16, so it doesn't bother me if it's earlier
It's amazing especially when it's homemade
Crimeans wanted a referendum to leave Ukraine for a long time and majority of the people were for it.
LOL, dude, English became the international language after the defeat of Napoleon.
His house is heated by a wood burning stove- electric heat is too expensive
I know this sounds like a cliche by now but we all heard the same about Trump and Brexit.
We were idiots
This looks incredible, wow
While others are still threatening them, mutual is very important in MAD.
It's not all bad about Sofia, but some things you just can't really argue with
This is not the case with San Marino since they changed their name from whatever was the original, probably [Monte Titano] which was more like a religious community rather than a real country until 1631
So they built them 70% underground with only the top and entrance at ground level
It just exposes them for the pathetic liers and con-artists that they are.
The reality is no amount of sneering remarks will save you from a future Kurdistan, seeing as Turks are already a declining demographic, whereas the Kurds are well above 3 children per woman.
You can't forcibly disperse people in Europe, this isn't the USSR.
Its curious that slavs went so far south there.
These protests are directly against the mafia, the rule of law so that's how it differs
Why do you think it's racist to consider other countries to be shitholes and use them to slander/make fun of parts of your country?
You shouldn't spend money that you don't have.
'' It just doesn't have any soul
Which part of France are you from?
But before that it would be a catastrophy for the country's economy
Well politics is one sided tho.
Armenia's dangerous posturing sabotages Nagorno-Karabakh peace efforts
It's really confusing
He got into an argument with the guy
Yeah, I can understand being disappointed with the GERB candidate but voting for Radev is pretty much voting for Russia.
I don't mind the migration between European people on European soil.
The retarded nationalist are as useless with their blockades as they are when they have to act in the parliament.
One of our king dynasties ended via castration
[Tryavna]
I am in IT: we don’t have a union
> It is not that simple, friendly connection of Serbia with China (and with African countries if that matters) is older than EU, and Serbia does get at least some international support from China
That is a lot of people according to your Aussie stereotypes.
The article is about misusing the money.
So yeah, that's one of the reasons why some countries are afraid (or dislike) of Russia
(actually it's probably still the Britts that are the more unwanted tourists, us being marketed to them as a cheap place to booze up hasn't picked up the best of their clientelle)
Vittu
From what i've read Assad was pro secular and the protesters were sunni muslims (assad is not he is from a small denomination) and a large chunk of protesters were from SA or were paid by SA, because SA wanted oil pipe passing from Syria on it's way to Europe, but Assad supported Iran who wanted build a pipe too.
And any other Chinese crap comes with at least 2200mAh.
The deficit is in the thousands and the problem is so serious people protest it regularly and some parents have formed communal kindergartens in order to cope
There needs to be reforms to Islam, if Christans and other such religious can change to live in today's society, so can Islam, and I'm pretty sure there are any abundance of sects that are more progressive but have been condemned and silenced by a extreme part of Islam
Trying to start a new thread called - Flowers of Europe.
They wouldn't shut up about leaving NATO and EU and Russian musicians and politicians frequently attend their rallies.
At the time there were also Muslim raider bands (kurdzhalii), which did their raiding against Christian settlements due to the weak Imperial government at the time, so the hajduts also protected the said settlements and fight the Muslim raiders
Cats can not go against their nature of hunters, just as we can not go against our nature of carnivores.
Aren't we worse off than you guys are
Oh that is my favorite, then he rides right behind me very close like it's going to make me drive faster
If the presidential elections are anything to judge, ABV will possibly not make it over the 4% barrier, the nationalists will have double the result and the Reformist Block or what's left of it will be on the edge of entering the parliament.
Is it raw, rude sex humour
I don't understand what you mean.
Just go through some old Yurop vs Yank posts and pick whatever ludicrous claim any side beleived about the other
I don't know how much this is important to the Syrian conflict in particular.
Try out some Kerkrade or "kierkroois"
The US in particular has riots constantly, their wellfare is huge compared to ours.
Every individual is born with a clean slate and is responsible for his actions only.
Sure, anything a person can think of, will find out that Britain has the best, cause Brits are the smartest, the biggest and best in everything.
You takes them off near your bed
* Tsvetlomir(a)
I've been seeing people say "What would Russia / Turkey / x" want with Bulgaria for years now
Due to fake news currently a subset of the Bulgarian population believes that Bulgarian child protection services will steal their kids and send them to paedophile gay couples in Norway
Hissarya Bulgaria
You'll have to learn many verb tenses though!
Water
And i'm not joking, basically everyone i know who isn't bound to an office job or a girlfriend is gone
I once heard it's because the name entered Bulgarian vernacular when the fortress became a border post when the First Bulgarian Empire expanded as far as there during the rule of Khan Krum
Having various czars plastered on first grade classroom walls combined with recitals of patriotic poetry are like a form of indoctrination and the history lessons are practically propaganda
Few cafes and restaurants/pizza places opened, and i really appreciate that - so quiet and peaceful!
They are considered the most significant by americans, not universally.
We export so much that at some places we have to import power from other countries too, because of corruption
Yes, my grandmother likes hanging religious icons around the house.
boyko pays people to act stupid so that will spark the fire of protesters being not peaceful and they can unleash fury on them
> Bolarus
That seems like an arbitrary distinction to me
Most of the Balkans: are in Bulgaria
With 100% confidence i can say im better at english than bulgarian
Second, i have never written anything about not remembering the Second World War, nor not celebrating the victory over Nazi Germany.
Weren't part of the money used to recapitalize greek banks as they also had to take losses for the writing off significant portion of privately held debt?
I joined the classical liberal one for a session or two, they were genuinely the most boring party ever (ideologically, not the people).
In the West, the city of Pernik spent *months* without water this past year
Well what do you expect
The one in Nice didn't have any such issue.
They simply used different different names.
Also I know it sounds bias but Bulgaria too
Pretty good bbq as well tbh
Granted usually at the detriment of say food, but hey appetite suppressant
Easily remains one of the biggest songs of this century here
You mean no one's ever pulled the ol' "Oh, like Siberia
The trail is visible in the picture.
I felt bad that we're sticking out on the Balkans (except for Turkey), but then I saw Bulgaria is at 25% and Greece is at 24
Bulgrians didn't choose to share their lands with Turks either but it was not up to them, was it now.
If the economy continues to dive, I doubt people will be as accommodating of Erdogan's dictatorial desires.
In Bulgaria most of the homes/buildings are with a very characteristic style, which I call Soviet Modernism.
If i for example work in a factory that makes furniture and take a piece of wood and move it 10 meters.
So even if what you said is true, and BeNeLux is a 1 to 1 homomorphism to the EU, it does not actually support your claim
no its based
The Netherlands, UK and Germany have lower benefits, had labour reforms but at the same time below 5% unemployment, so is it a coincidence that these reforms correlated with a decrease in unemployment rates
Slivova Rakija :D
I don't know if it is changed in the current educational system
Готов или не идвам аз
What pains me the most about this is that they paint child protective services as evil and side with every parent that got their kid taken away and that makes it harder to protect children who are actually being abused
Terschelling
Brussels on the other hand may not accept him/her.
Oil balls
And yet, somehow we've decided not to use those and buy some from abroad, at a vastly higher price
And Brits get quite angry with my comments LOL.
The Memegen Area
Written is even better
Bulgaria registered its first case in 1986 and up to this day we have 3173 cases
We are the joke of EU
An unholy mix of gypsy music and stolen Serbian turbofolk and, recently, also the worst of silicone MTV soft-porn r'n'b, passed off somehow as a continuation of authentic Bulgarian folk music with which it has nothing in common
One of the major sunflower seed brands here was a major advertiser on National team home games as well.
He said it is not true, but even it was it did not reflect on the size of other things.
Interestingly, we also have some similar customs.
Sure, nobody's saying it's *good* but there's nothing wrong to like it lmao
China is not the one doing you a favour by investing in you with such  terms, if anything China owes YOU for giving it such nice opportunities
I just want to speak goddamn 'Murican!
A newly liberated country needs a military
(whilst thus hurting our producers and economy)
You know very well they haven't and most never will assimilate, merely integrate, hence making French society less homogeneus and creating unnecessary cultural enclaves whose existence is only a burden on the stability of the country.
Also, if you filter out most of the (subjectively) useless stuff you definitely have enough time for an IT course
A ski resort in Bulgaria, very close to the Macedonian and Greek borders.
Even not putting a progressive system making the tax 28
I just confused myself more lol, but I think the correct answer is 5
I am a Bulgarian citizen that is ethnically Turkish.
German - Danke
It's totally an absurd concept
it's like a non-stop orgy, drinking, fainting and sleeping on the streets...
Well in Bulgarian Ne meens no in Greek Ne meens yes
The protests in Serbia were one of the things that inspired the Bulgarian ones
BSP is the direct descendant of BKP (the communist party).
Such are the social sciences
Like, say, 5-8 grade we'd learn only about Bulgarian history and relations with our neighbors (eg
Sweden-Швеция(Shvecia)
Six fucking years, this machine should have died a long time ago.
Out of the 45 mins of a class 30 go towards beast taming and bargaining with a bunch of brats that don't respect anything about learning
That way the old retirees won't be that outraged that we "destroy history".
Where would you definitely not want to move?
So that’s why I prefer to go for vacation there than the Black Sea and basically that’s the reason I usually consider them more as Mediterranean country than Balkan
You messed up Macedonia's flag, but I don't really care, bc I hate them
Yeah, I know
My best guess is Sophie Løhde, if so damn, she couldn't shake the bangs with time.
But my point still stands
The town's mineral waters literally heal diseases and the ancient part of the city is still surrounded with massive ancient fortifications
People were banned for being a threat to national security - creating anti-Bulgarian attitudes in the regions with mixed population.
Basically, how is the searching for a job like...?
The unthinkable has happened - our government actually took the correct measures in time
It's a very melodic and beautiful language, but it really depends from sentence to sentence whether I can get the meaning or if it's complete gibberish to me
Until an oligarch tries to pressure us to do something and we need protection from the law but he owns the law
We had a presentation about puberty when we were around 6th grade, and some mention of sex was probably there, too, but the primary thing was that they split the girls and boys in separate rooms for the presentation
And to be a fullfledged member of the society you need to speak the language on a decent level
Didn't work that well
I'm pretty sure it would be someone from eastern europe pulling out a broken rakija bottle and stabbing everyone else
We DON'T need a broken record telling us that
So it feels like we're like some kind of happy beggars, graced by the undeserved kindness of rich EU nations
Not only  is it free but it has some of the best universities not only in Europe but the world (Edi Uni, Glasgow Uni, St
Lol in the early stages Bulgarians mess up the other way around and will call a chair "he" or a table "she" and so on
Polkovnik serafimov: Polkovnik is something like colonel and his last name was Serafimov
hopefully the outdoor nature of the protests will reduce the damage somewhat
We mostly export our power to neighboring countries
If you are not living in the capital city (where is the biggest protest against the PM, his cabinet and the General Prosecutor), it would hardly make impact on your day
I mean we are the poorest country in the EU after all.
You should also keep in mind that those capitals are more expensive than other cities in the same countries.
In my highschool there were classes with 30 people, my class had 29 in 8th grade, then it shrunk to 28, because a girl switched schools and left, then for some time we were 29 again, because they moved some dude from another class into our class, but later he was moved to another school and we remained 28 until the end
You should be smarter than to repeat the mistakes of others yet too blinded by culural relativism and leftist ideological bias.
Wow, how did you figure out i am a carpenter!?
Basically you're in the same situation as the US right now
In other words i am being sarcastic.
How is it more fair than Trump tho?
Until then I see them as friends and European brethren
Inheritance shouldn't be taxed in the first place.
Same as i don't care for the people who made the wrong choices, i don't expect others to care for the wrong choices i made.
I don't believe Trump-Putin love will be everlasting one.
Getting greedy for land after the first balkan war and thinking we can take on all our neighbours
July Morning
EU one, thank you
There's some confusion when it comes to 'the' - in Bulgarian, that is added to the end of a word
Talking about the Netherlands and cultural differencies...
You're not a Bulgarian if you don't have:
The stupidity is quite alarming
It's already clear, NATO is a defensive alliance
As an adult, I’m happy I’m very close with my grandparents etc
Is it due to the recession hitting the two countries differently, or consequence of Romania battling corruption more effectively?
Sandu Ciorba is a legend, I don't care what anyone says
That's the great thing about capitalism.
You are hopelessly brainwashed, aren't you
We've been in this song and данс before
Have fascists suddenly been breeding like rabbits?
Years is probably a bit of an exaggeration
But from what you yourself describe it seems my initial statement is correct - that Denish society is less affected by this ideology of cultural relativism, nativist nihilism and regressive leftism which influences people to go as far as *hate* you for opposing immigration, among other things, as you yourself admit is the case with Swedish society.
Ye, the problem seems to be in your lack of english comprehension.
Somehow all these different people with different traditions and even religion managed to make homogeneous and indigenous culture.
V.1 - apparently the guy who made this is taking notes from the comment section
Will they be able to find a partner is a different issue.
Sounded more satirical than trolly to me.
Swedish snus is milder, it comes in portions, has better flavor and one can swallow saliva.
The most terrible professional translation, I've ever seen was literal translation of the phrase "for crying out loud" in a Kurt Vonnegut’s novel "The sirens of Titan". A literal translation of this phrase makes absolutely no sense, so when I figured out what the original was, I wanted to find the translator and rip their diploma apart
So is Kaliningrad's standard better than the Lithuanian one?
Can't wait to hear the brexiters tell us that we should invest more into relationship with the US and shun China.
You can't tell me with a straight face that me talking about falling mathematics scores and entry requirements is the same as someone talking about increasing or more accurately implementing fees
I DEMAND MORE BENEFITS
Bellow 15C is starting to get cold in my opinion,  below 10C is cold and below 5C is freezing
I don't think there are many things on those
It was probably his mistress though, he's been very shush about it while not outright denying the photos are real (and independent experts verified they're not photoshopped and from different days, so hard to smuglle ton of money and gold several times just to fake these photo-ops)
Look at the difference between SK and NK, and then tell me what we've done with over 100 years of independence.
In general vaping is not as harmful as smoking.
Reddit as a whole is not a place for anti uk-usa discussions.
Really harsh
Urbanisation is huge here
Oh yeah, that one pushes all the buttons
I love the current flag but that is incredible
Some of the old architecture reserve towns like:
Other shows i like to watch dubbed are Everybody Loves Raymond, Married with Children, Friends, Malcolm in the Middle, Taxi (the French movies).
I guess I'll have to repeat myself
I have no way of knowing because there are almost no Jews living here.
It’s definitely not part of the classic children’s songs here
But whatever
Sorry I'm late to the party, but I'll reply regardless, because it's rare to receive a counter-argument that doesn't use the opportunity to call you a commie.
Voodoo, money, violence what's the difference?
Here are the cultural ones
Should we still implement those rent controls even though the science says no
It is not offensive or something just a "smart" way to talk about Germans without using the word Germans
Boris-the-Clown will make free trade deals even with Somalia.
Yeap, keep Sofia in the Southwest region in Bulgaria, so it can look poor and suck dry all the EU funds
Well, you can see everywhere some projects that look amazing like some stadiums and sports centres, but it takes about centuries and millions of years to be made
Recently a Turkish minister urged Bulgarian muslim citizens to vote for a particular party.
If the macedonian people didnt claim this there would be no FYROM
In the labor market supply and demand regulate wages
For elections to be considered fair, secrecy is fundamental.
Because we want to help duh
The US technically can't protect its citizens from being obliterated in a nuclear strike by Russia, so by your logic has no moral right to exist.
Britain needs an intervention.
The songs, poems and books had a goal in mind when they were written, to awaken the Bulgarian people and light the fire in their hearts for freedom, this is a tough task - trying to make people want freedom when they know the cost of blood that will have to be spilled, having been enslaved for 500 years and having numerous failed rebellions
The two party system is shitty overall and both parties just look like two actors on a stage pretending to be different, while they are not.
Taxes on poor people were removed and those on rich people remain
In stead of more referenda I'd rather see increased political education.
)" aaaaand that's all I got
And, since this Thursday is also a major Orthodox Christian holiday (6th May - St
An American comes to Europe and they need to actually request a type of rental car they are comfortable with (I.e automatic transmission, a bit bigger, etc)
There was this English guy who tried super hard to convince me that I speak and understand Russian after I told him I am Bulgarian
I study in a University in the EU, while not being a national of that country.
Which means no more than 4 times :P
Try all the countries in the Balkans, Levant and North Africa.
Ok, question for the political majors:
The good news is their power in parliament has diminished
It is indeed
Wow, that's near unanimous support.
I think this is a very positive thing tho, maybe in 1-2 generations you will get decent looking women on that island, after some mixing with the outside world.
Happy to be here
So many rich people, must be easy to get rich when you steal from 7 million people at once
But it doesn't apply to expats and the sum is half of the Romanian one.
It has a great map of the main cities in Bulgaria and their public transport
Never lost
The question is, would you as an EU citizen support an EU-wide initiative to stimulate the improvements of neighbouring member connections as the Benelux has - the option of fast, high speed/high capacity passenger+freight corridors
For a long periods of time the eastern ends of Europe were more progressive and advanced than their western counterparts, for many of those that time ended with the coming of your ancestors.
These are actually *big* villages
Not even a courtesy call to let you know what is coming.
She isn't paid the same as Ronaldo because there are many biological researchers and there is only one Ronaldo
It's been photoshopped or too much HDR.
Personally I don't watch TV but my mom wants to have TV when she comes visit and I was planning on getting some basic TV plan anyway so it's a win/win for me
Dude, when somebody is used to get up early because he has to work, he wakes up early in the weekends as well.
Bulgarian mafia, Bulgarian corruption, even most of the criminals are with Bulgarian passports.
>Which, before the yellow jackets revolt, was going to also hit a lot of not so wealthy retired people, who when they worked were told that "we're taking your money and giving it to your parents", and now our told "we're taking your money and giving it to your children"...
There were thousands of deaths and hostilities haven't stopped as far as I'm aware.
The "medieval" way of thinking died with the end of that war
Earth is Poland and Poland is flat, "is" is a transitive relation => Earth is flat
Im pretty sure we are not THAT far behind you guys.
It's an American article so it uses American measures.
Probably it is more common to just say "blagodarya" but if you want to be more personal, you definitely add a pronoun "blagodarya ti" or "blagodarya vi".
Only developers
People from the Rhodopes speak in a very ancient dialect that is almost unintelligible to the rest of us, while people from Pirin Macedonia speak in the same dialect used by North Macedonia
It's a grey middle
Downvoted for not including Bulgarian.
Какво как - в масло
Why should anyone care about Russian propaganda ammo
We actually had a game with a few of my friends guessing what an English word would sound like in Hungarian
Dude's got balls
rEuropeans can we do something about this?
I remember I hated it when I visited 10 years ago, totally different picture now
IDK what these people will do when he finally dies
I agree with this
Any negative polls are fake news?
You might find some Roman ruins or some Thracian gold
Well it's NATO, the most powerful military alliance to have ever existed
Didn't you guys have some more really good early social laws
There's literally a district in Plovdiv named "The Trap". As the name suggests, it's very popular with tourists
Well then you need to travel more :D
I'm not sure how much are they US bases and not NATO bases.
This way I have friends who are funny in English, but they're fucking *hilarious* in Bulgarian
Americans do use that stuff though.
It is truly amazing how despite having basically a complete cultural overlap with Bulgaria, Macedonia has somehow preserved an ancient connection to Alexander the Great, which was nonexistent for hundreds of years, and suddenly resurrected in the last few decades
I don't like it honestly, sometimes i have to repeat multiple times for native english speakers to understand me and it really hurts my dignity
And "macedonia" was never a country to be illegally occupied until the 1990s.
And depriving them of the original experience
Life goes on, Globe continues spinning, ships still sailing, trade will still be done just under different rules.
Not really
The EU needs to change, and needs to change *fast*.
What the hell is ignorant about it?
But we 40-year olds have to take care of so many things (children, old parents, etc, expenses) that we are just happy to have some stability (and not having banks fail)
A monument standing is a monument inspiring
Yeah
The indegenious people of the land are the thracians, the people from which most modern bulgarians descent.
But it isn't only women who do it
&#x200B;
I want to move to Barcelona
We really don't HAVE to accept anyone, obviously refugees are a different deal.
In Varna it was discovered the oldest golden treasure in the world, the Varna Necropolis, dating more than 6000 years back and we are 3rd in Europe with the most archaeological monuments/sites after Italy and Greece
fly + elephant in Bulgaria :)
To be fair Bulgarian is not spoken by many, so they probably felt safe in talking loud
So as a result, you never learn to learn as it's all about memorizing the current relevant set of information as a standalone thing briefly, and then never use it again
Oh wait points are now macedonian also
Russia: had one, used it quite often but mostly when with kids
The street is more pleasant to go, have a walk and enjoy the beautiful day than going to a mall or H&M.
The main difference is that when Austria does something stupid they kindly excuse themselves while the Germans take the beating
Current membership of the G7 is not about economy.
YOLO mate, YOLO
Unlike Vute I can respect your views, you however cannot because you felt so offended.
But let us not pretend that the war only affected GCs.
What i am talking about is - complaining.
Have these people made any concrete plans of crossing the Syrian border?
But it's also sad at the same time.
Either way, if a person decides he can always commit suicide.
somehow, looking back at history, these things does not happen very easy.
Should we still implement those rent controls even though the science says no
His platform is more of caring about our country's interests and not being a pawn of the US or Russia.
Doesn't necessarily mean that everyone hates us for real :D
They are rarely the same thing, if ever
But i can, so please tell your government to let these gypsies in India, but i must tell you even most of them use toilets here
I think I've seen Corona, but it's expensive as fuck and I'm not sure it will compete with the cheaper European stuff (no offence).
And yes, that socialist is right, the EU is disintegrating cause even if one country leaves the union, that can be count as the opposite of integration.
Granted they are from Texas but still
I posted some links in the thread, but what's so awesome about divas and fat sweaty guys glorifying money and sex
Haha, yep
Being very close brothers, that's what it means pretty much.
Yes, and I'll never be convinced that it's not stupid to leave your dirty ass shoes on while home (or god forbid laying on your bed/couch with them on, which seems to be a thing according to American movies)
Do you do this with all the bullshit media-news-whatever or just the Russian, and if yes, how do you see the difference if you turn it off before it begins?
You are entitled to your opinion, as am I.
Stopping any further migration from Africa and Asia will be enough for the population already there to gradually lower.
Oh yeah, Yann Tiersen
Gee, I'm starting to wonder how the UK hasn't booted these freeloaders yet.
But it's a fact that it's there
A Burgas suburb filled with Russian businessmen expats
If you think that is bad - the shortest travel time between Sofia and Silistra is 11 hours
The accusative and dative are used only for pronouns (for example: кой-кого-кому) and as you can see the dative is nearly obsolete.
Bulgaria is full of seventy-something retirees who do nothing but drink rakia, discuss politics and play these two games all day, every day
The first time I looked at the title I was like WTF as well, but I think he simply means what do europeans think of the question "Are we alone in the universe?".
I am from Bulgaria and this rail network will be very efficient because we like to travel to Greece and other European contrys
I'm gonna need a name :)
Which is the biggest country on the Balkans?
I've studied a lot about European countries - geography, history, culture, etc
Would you be happy if that happened in Greece
I'm not saying Wilders should be elected as your PM he shouldn't, but the things he talks about Islam are real problems and should be adressed
Then you can read [this article]
Creating a stable economy with a good middle class via investments and attracting business is way more sustainable than just employing a bunch of people doing inefficient work on minimum wage
I would say yours are better on that front or at least on the same level as Spain/Italy.
The last name is usually a patronym of an older generation, often the first name of the person's grandparent
>the only difference with China is that China is more transpatent about their expectations
Netherlands Tax Authorities are notorious for giving special tax deals to the rich and famous.
Billion = милярд (miliard)
NATO is seen as a threat to Russia, so the fact that Trump is against it makes them really happy.
We love you guys now, but we're keeping an eye on you just in case :P
From which part of Germany did you import it
Btw this submission was removed, I wonder where to post it.
I think most of the country is evenly populated so there aren't any places where you are far away from a major city or a town
Yeah, we're the only one with rise above 100%.
1 - Byzantium/Greece - our relation with them for some solid 350 years was 'war/short peace/war'. Bulgaria was also conquered by the Byzantines for about 150 years
Well yeah, the truth hurts the most
Seems like 90% of the time when I see this comment its from a dutch person.
[Boza] really good, many people don't like it but twice as many love it
I'm surprised North Macedonia beats out Bulgaria for visiting Greece
I don't follow
I'm dissapointed
If a country or business can borrow with low interests - that's cheap, high interest rate - expensive.
Alexander Nevski cathedral where Sofia is
My friends' grandfather would eat his meals super fast, in seconds
Russia is too complicated and resource/nuke rich, not to be taken advantage of by external actors.
It has dug too far into Bulgarian politics
Yes, poor people know what is best for poor people - to become wealthy/rich.
It is highly unlikely that any of our neighbours would attack us
Sort by controversial and get your popcorn people
The most iconic one I can think of is [Koy ushi bayryaka] (Who sewed the flag)
Russians speak with this weird accent/intonation that makes it sound like they are complaining or asking a question.
SBCM and Bulgarian are about 60% mutually intelligible, so no that surprising
It’s a monument without a monument
Not sure if any of my classmates finished it
Was surprised to find out they had it in North Africa though
Swag
Think during the last 2 centuries there is no other country has changed borders as often as Russia by using military power.
And the article talks about that German business is looking beyond Briquit.In the beginning most people i personally know and had opinion about Brexit, were against it, me included in that group.
We joke about Brexit you should not feel bad joking about our government lol
They often suffered from malnutrition - I remember a handler asking a kid to throw some bread from the balcony for the bear to eat
People drawing graffiti everywhere, even monuments
Over a million vehicles produced is quite a success.
Ahh
It was documented by both the Germans and the invading Russian and American armies
At my job when appraisals come round all we talk about is the salaries we (want to) get
Why wouldn't Greece be part of the Balkans
заборонені усіма міжнародними конвенціями this is supposed to mean something along the lines of banned, right?), but I'm confused about who's using these weapons.
I have to vote for green parties in here because the mainstream is filled with communists, nationalists and conservative right winger.
What we have now is not stability, it is a slow but steady decay and desintegration of the state
Of course our living standards are below all the other mentioned southern countries and of course we have a lot of "working poor" people who can barely afford food & rent despite spending 40 hours per week at a job
Op just needs to build more anti-air and we are all set.
Hmm
It hilarious that you make the "educate yourself" comment.
Same in Bulgaria
* **Tarnovska Constitution** \- enacted in 1879, after Liberation it was the Constitution that defined Bulgaria as a constitutional monarchy, ruled by a Knyaz (after Independence - Tsar) and with a unicameral Parliament;
In Bulgarian it's чук (chuk) , I think its a somewhat hard quick word
So, what i'm trying to say is : Good, the system is rotten and you probably wouldn't affect it much, so keep your health and dont go near that trainwreck
Top search of all time in Bulgaria in English: how do I look
I would say...hypothetically it is not that bad if Gibraltar leaves the UK and joins Spain if they can keep all their legislation, taxes, benefits and so on.
Still far from the golden days of 2005-2008, when we were averaging over 6% YoY growth, but not too bad.
But there is also the danger that if he is cornered, he may become even more unpredictable.
Why are so many Germans going politically to the right
It's comparing what people see as foreign investments ("aid") to actual aid in economic terms
Well the year goes by and I'm doing my oral exam
Yeah they should get caravans like their ancestor and travel between French cities where they get social benefits , that way everyone will be happy
Otherwise I'd say Montenegro or Serbia.
Not stabbing people is pretty easy actually, unless you have some mental issues.
Czechia is richer but as I said not in nominal terms and that changing their currency won't affect that.
There is also the factor that this was the situation before he came to power and would be under any regime that actually took the opinion of the people into account
The affirmative forms "пука ми" (It's popping on me) and  "дреме ми" (it's napping on me) emerged from the negatives to mean "I do care", but are now used mostly sarcastically, so both the negatives and the affirmatives mean "I don't care".
I live in Eastern Europe and Russia has regularly bought off half of the politicians in my country, which itself is too lazy to engage in political sabotage elsewhere in the world.
He was our version of Stalin
Read russian
Let's say the vaccine research industry
Bonus: 'Tsar'/'Czar' is a Bulgarian title from the 10th century, derived from Caesar - Цезар (Tsezar) in Bulgarian
t'was just been formed and was rapidly expanding.
Alexander was badass, but overall it was a move to make us a puppet to the league of three emperors and later Austria/Germany
And as a result, weed is still criminalised and heavily stigmatised but nobody really bats an eye at *cigarettes*, even if the person smoking them is like 14
Even though every home in the village has access to affordable fiber optic internet and almost everyone has a smartphone these days, people who are 40+ who remember life under communism do not rely on these things the same way the younger generations do
I have seen enough of your anti-european drivel to know your real agenda.
No, it's not a valid observation.
that Russia is already started working at destabilizing Lybia
Nah you know what, Romanian is a beautiful language
It was championed by the liberals and intellectuals of the time, people who praised inter-cultural connections and cooperation, which they actually sought as a necessary instrument in the triumph of the allied nations of Europe against the Empires that denied them self-rule.
Goce Delchev,
After all this is the guy who already left twice during protests
Turkish troops should remain and stay in Turkey.
Of course it's Boyko, he's a legendary meme icon in our country, something like Trump to americans
I admire how some people manage to go to another country, live and work there, without knowing the language.
With the most recent decisions I'd say more and more countries will be wishing to leave
Thats why they appear in high numbers.
We have a very high emigration rate, so the majority of young people are fluent in English *and* one more foreign language - most commonly German
KEKWait
It's because in our upper education system the most popular/elite schools are based on learning everything in a foreign language.
I mean it's like saying The Bulgarian Republic instead of Bulgaria or The Slovenian Republic instead of Slovenia
Kind of, yeah
The Czech Republic is better, but it's weird
Most of our politicians should be in prison as well.
If Russia instigates instability in Estonia, Trump will just call them cucks and say he likes countries that haven't been invaded
Yeah it's kinda sad
I honestly don't understand why are we keeping them
The only flag in the world created to commemorate that peace is not not permanent state but rather a condition which came after a lot of devastation and suffering.
If you think you're lucky that the French yeeted the arabs from Europe, you should definitely know about this guy
Bulgaria doesn't have good train connections tbh
Speaking of baths - Hisarya had pretty big ones too having mineral hotsprings -  [
nuclear reactors because they were building Kozluduy
Bulgaria had an empire - this is a historic fact
There was an EU association agreement but that seems half-hearted if you're expecting an invasion.
Plus, all the imperial/colonial past and baggage is also very similar in pretty much all ways you can imagine
I also don't see the backslash towards USA arming islam fundamentalists in Syria.
Thus the birth of one of the funniest memes I have ever seen - the Chinese woman shouting "This is killing
That has nothing to do with NATO members being forced to participate though
\-think-
100 lv
And then some "Ring the alarm" towards the end
Other creepy place is the village Shishentsi, where people don't dare to go out after dark, because they often hear incorporeal screams and drums, which some old people claim are *talasamsko horishte* (a demon's ball)
Mildly impressed by them I guess.
Killing him to protect the oligarchy, never mind that the Populares were themselves a party full of aristocrats sounds to me like a very modern, rather forced reading of the situation but again, I am not particularly familiar with this period in history
Picture was taken the same day i posted it.
Maybe just a bodyguard
As a Bulgarian layman I always considered Germany and Switzerland Western Europe, Croatia Southern Europe, Poland Eastern Europe and the Baltics Northern Europe
Basically if your country is swarming with tourists with different culture (too direct Germans, too indirect Swiss) resentment is easy to develop, especially for people not having direct economic gains from said tourists (although probably all have some indirect ones)
Ethically both did manage to be as good as, if not better, than the pure democracies of the era, while being significantly more powerful.
He told the siblings the baby died, too
I dont think its really funny but, "да дряскам" is a close translation to taking a dump
Ahh, sounds like someone needs panel blocks, we can send some over!
" - to be standing around and looking around, optionally with suspicion, and not doing anything
Имах в предвид че не е задължително като "Отидеш ли в планината не кажеш ли добър ден на хората 100 години лош късмет", имах предвид че е прието да поздравяваш хората и не в планините а принципно .
Finally some good news
Sure, Germans work as many hours as chinese and as cheap as chinese!
Sad gamer hours
Well, first of all my father's name translated to "Wolf", so everyone, especially his coworkers, used to call me "the wolf cub". My parents also called me "bear cub" and later I was very impressed with some documentary about deer and I'd walk around roaring like a stag, so mom still calls me "stag".
When the current ideological hysteria over "diversity" ends we will go back to the norm of homogeneus society > balkanized society.
It was mentioned, however, that the surrounding countries and especially Turkey does not take kindly to Kurds.
Fuck the anime, just give me more chapters.
BUT THE ECONOMY
Same with the other Turkish guy using the Bulgarian flag.
But why would we remove NATO bases?
OMG yes,you made my day, thank you
Thanks, I really needed to see something wholesome today
We'd hate Muslim for all eternity and what they did to us for 600 years
Does it really matter
Media like [Capital
That requires Unified EU though and we are not there yet, might never be.
And what is the healthcare in Bulgaria?
I feel jealous of you dutchies
I feel sorry for him
Once you start judging literature with the eyes of modern times you end up with stupid decisions like banning Mark Twain books because he uses the n-word
ALLIANCE SCUM, LOK'TAR OGAR
Savagery is the opposite, and they fit it.
cool
Laughs in Bulgarian
I too am against death penalty, but solely for the reason i do not trust any justice system comprised by humans can ever be perfect and not make a mistake or framing to punish an Innocent.
With a car it could be 1 hour one day and 4 hours another
Bulgaria is #111 in the Freedom of Speech index
Though my favourite through history is probably [this] It would look weird right now though, since it's similar to some Nordic and UK flags (having a cross and all) and the colours are the same as (North) Macedonia's.
Australia is an island, Europe is a peninsula.
And yes, before that they drink wine or raki in good amounts.
The Mystery of the Bulgarian Voices - they've been touring the world since the 70s.
I know a fair amount about Northern African countries
Nice
You have no power over me and my speech other than deciding not to like me and communicate with me.
With some of the most ancient places of Christian worship falling to islam.
It is one of the 7 countries which has 100% of its mainland in the peninsula and accounts for about 23% of the Balkan territory
3% in 2008, 1
Waar
It doesn't mean its wrong either.
I'm calling bullshit on "no data" for Lichtenstein, Vatican, Andorra San Marino and Monaco
Now you have a better shot
Matronymic names are build with the suffixes -in for males and -ina for females
And I will take capitalism instead of communism any day
Congrats you've just made a mega France with no comparable country.
Impressive, wish Bulgarians could build high ways with the same speed and pace!
I've never been to Lithuania or Poland, bit I see that it's about 2000 km from Paris to Vilnius.
This is terrible for the truckers
Everything was awesome, the music was great and so on
We'd buy like 6-10 liters of beer and spend the whole day drinking and no one even bothered hiding the bottles
The Chief Public Prosecutor wasn't essentially a player on the government's team who could be used against any opposition or businessman that the government doesn't like
Millions to religion
Of course it's going to be removed.
Good
Anyway, at one stop a crying boy and an elderly woman (his grandmother, probably) come on
Yes and no
The very same thing was recently exposed in Bulgaria.
As for primary, etc we usually floated between 20-25
I think most Bulgarians see Macedonia as our little brother rather than a rival
Highly recommend
You can't possibly grasp the idea that people may have one opinion or critique towards a state's government, another towards its people and a third towards the country in general.
They are way too incompetent to be Orban
Most of the bears were abused, the ropes used to train and handle them were tied to rings pierced through their sensitive noses
Having around 25% taxation here compared to about 40% in Germany also helps alot.
very corrupt
Much better than the tasteless white-red-white flag
He's a Russian puppet if I've ever seen one.
Instead of left/libertarian you can think of the lines as economic/social, most of the questions have the same use in Europe as they do in America.
* [Boyana Church] \- a medieval church with wall murals painted in the rare Paleologue Renaissance style;
This is just means their influence will again spread through out Europe
In the same boat, but GERB have been on about first-past the post voting reform, which has me a bit queasy.
It's the European youth who'll build...
Axis-allied countries were told to round up their Jews and get them ready to deport for concentration camps but members of the Bulgarian community and the Bulgarian Orthodox Church protested these orders and convinced the Tsar to delay the deportations indefinitely
Multiple countries have said they don't want Bulgaria in Schengen, for example
Sorry, gotta conform to EU regulations over excessive sharpness :(
>part of the Roman Empire
I just wanted to note how italian is Italy's search
A country declines to extradite it's own citizen
Italians just refuse to believe the idea of this imaginary continent named Europe
At least the Turkish ones, the Gypsy "Muslims" have been known to do stupid things and cause trouble, but that doesn't have much to do with them being "Muslim".
Развод по италиански. -"Divorce the italian way
Plumpy when she went there, and when I saw her after she came back I was like, "oooh, you are quite slimmer now, were you sad and lonely a bit and not enjoyed cooking alone for yourself there (like a lot of people that go studying abroad)?" (Besides, I know Czhech cuisune is far from dietary with all sauces and dumplings and fried stuff).
Of course he's worse than Hitler.
This is the first time I have seen or heard about it
This might actually be the best 'winter' of my life
)" aaaaand that's all I got
Guess it's everywhere
For below 300k profits the tax rate is 19% for the UK
Oil balls
Have they migrate to their current location in 17th century after spending some centuries in the eurasian plains or took the territory as invaders is a minor case.
The delusions and idiocy of anarchists like you are not just stupid, they are dangerous and cancerous in a world where military threats are still very much a reality.
Sounds a little like the English word "plane" which just means the direct opposite of mountain
Bulgaria under the Ottomans in the 18th century had some of the first factories on the Balkans.
And you were only allowed to spend the money for buying things in your friend's supermarket
So you can add the Thrace-born Roman emperor Galerius and Odrysian king Teres
The only Balkan countries in Schengen are Slovenia and Greece.
They're not all mobsters, he said yesterday that some of them are contrabandists too
Legalised euthanasia
Лъжа като дърт циганин. - "To lie like an old gypsy
No, usually the dialects are considered not correct
As in, you pay for something you personally get in return as a service.
Why do you think that it's the same people doing it?
Yes, it is the lowest as it is connected with GDP per capita in nominal.
And then of course, playing at the beach
The structure and lexical complexities are very different, trying to aproach it as if they shared more than a *some* words is a sure way to learn *nothing*.
Well the capital was Doomstadt which has the German suffix so by a distant relation Austro-Hungarian Empire?
Great news, until there are elections in Wallonia that is
The PC term for gypsies is Roma,so you can see where the misunderstanding may come from
It’s now a highlight of my weekend when I call people to catch up
Also:
If that preposition gets passed by as legislation, i bet a lot of men would like to move to sweden.
Why is it so hard to accept that most Europeans don't want any third world migrants?
If you lack time why write anything?
Nobody pays for the time spent, payment is based on efficiency.
This part is pure bullshit
I'm guessing that in a couple of days at most it'll all have melted.
The Roman state is decidedly Italian
Meanwhile in a southern Greek island.
And people were eating it inside
Do you know the history of macedonia and how it was created ?
damn it's teasing me even more I want to see it in person
After Trump winning something doesn't seem right.
You don't know if there is gonna be domino or any other effect.
I have a bunch of clothes i wear only when i'm home (and maybe to the grocery store)
I don't feel triggered enough
10C is perfection tbh
Sure, smells nice (to some, for me it's like eating soap) and if you like it then maybe you have a forgotten jar at the back of your cupboards
In Bulgaria we watch Home alone thruought the whole month
If 1
99.9 percent of Bulgarians are very cool with the foreigners.
I'm going to assume that you're driving, so that your schedule is more your own considering the time limit and assuming that you're more interested in eye candy sights which you can blow through for a couple of days an move on:
The only difference for the people would be less border checks if you travel by land I think.
Even if not empire, Finland is awesome on so many levels
A proud brexiter like you can't and won't recognize British war crimes and atrocities.
It's more common for girls (Anna-Maria, Teodora-Luisa, etc) but it's gained momentum for boys, too (along the lines of Asparuh-Aleksandar, Vladimir-Asen
There's a street in your capital named after one of our national heroes and I bet there's more
Today, protest again
For Bulgaria it's really different, depending what you work.
There is a Chrysler in my neighbourhood with a Virginia license plate
The newly elected president is pro-Russian of compared to the former one.
Ковчег means coffin in modern Bulgarian, but the older meaning can be seen in the diminutive ковчеже (small money chest, mainly seen in pirate movies) and ковчежник (treasurer of an organisation)
That is hilarious lmao
They've got other reasons to kill.
Well I don't know where you are from, but where I am all people drink tap water it's much better than bottled one
Yeah, wait til you have to shovel all the snow.
just the cat is different color
All "right" things according to Castro's fan club it seems.
Just because you don't care isn't an indication of overal Bulgarian society.
At least in Bulgaria and Greece
A lot of veg is pickled so it can be eaten in the winter months
Most likely this will only turn the civilian population against Kiev, cement their dependancy and therefore loyalty to Russia
Bulgaria got severely lectured about building the south pipeline so we abandoned it in 2014, next thing we know Germany is approving the North one and saying we should build go back to building the south one, you know after turkey already takes the fucking deal
It's way more common on the seaside than by a pool
Bulgarians are considered gypsies too sometimes, I get you
But the center of Dresden is gorgeous.
You better accept that, and don't vote stupid regulations that alienate EU citizens from the institutions of the European Union
This has happened to me in Sofia
No, this is just a fun thread on reddit
Everything, to the word
Yeah so what's so special some boats on the canal there
Genuinely zero understanding of anything in between
Not sure about Romania, but Bulgaria is quite atheistic, so I don't think religion is the main cause for our low score (lowest in the EU, in fact).
I've never heard something like that, interesting
Literally the only issue Bulgarians are progressive about is abortion - I think around 90% of Bulgarians support it, it's so excepted there isn't even a debate
Lots of people who were indifferent to LGBT problems before got really angry at the creators of these ads
Even Swiss is religiously homogeneous.
Rules mean nothing, what's next?
It transfers to Monday, but since Monday is already a holiday it goes to the first working week day, in this case Tuesday
In English you either don't know at all or assume, based on your set of stereotypes
The Thracian link is also pretty hazy in places
Brave
* Japanese, because I like hentai
We say in it's mother's (or ant) pussy or in geography's ass
I am not in the tree-climbing phase of my life anymore :D
Long last the Slavic Spring
Very easy actually, compared to spanish or german
I’m not saying emigration after ‘89 is not an important factor but there’s more to the population decline for sure
almost
Haven't seen it in Bulgaria yet (though we do have some Russian stores)
He'll probably win the runoff too.
I did not say that Bulgaria is the oldest country in Europe but the oldest one which never changed its name and San Marino did that
Don't know how they asked the question but at least in Bulgaria you have to specifically ask Japanese or South Korean otherwise people lurch into thinking other nationalities
According to the current Constitution, a Constitutional ammendment is allowed to be done by Parliament if 3/4 of all MPs approve the ammendment via the voting in of a Constitutional Ammendment Act
Being a liberal here in Bulgaria i often communicate with these people, i write in various forums and facebook groups, and can assure you a similar "Panteon" of conspiracy bullshit exists on the left and is just as widespread among its more radical and/or stupid followers.
One day the Devil himself appeared and told the builder than the only way for a bridge to stand over this spot is to build the Devil's face in the bridge, but the face must be visible and invisible at the same time
Most of it is pure nationalism (Botev) and only alienates young people because these values don't work in a modern context and can be downright dangerous
Tsar Boris asks them to create literary school in Ohrid and Preslav (Pliska at first)
Do not worry, once you exit the EU, you'll be absolutely free to express your special mindset in the UK and elsewhere.
Edit: who inexplicably were also partially in charge of catering (very agrarian) and providing workers with
What about the rights of all those people who voted for GERB + United Patriots
You mean like USA didn't admit at first that some of their mercenaries in Iraq were raping women and killing civilians?
Hah, at first I thought you meant poor.
But generally now, if there is a common Slavic alternative, many are regarded as more informal and sometimes crude
C'mon as if it's EU's fault for letting Serbs immigrate to it
All the best from Bulgaria
At the moment i use liquid with 0.6% nicotine content.
I live in Stara Zagora, Bulgaria
After thinking about this I don't think Bulgaria has one at the moment
This is a silly law and just removes any incentive to setup an HQ or factory in France
The truth is, EU is not just "an international framework", as you claim it to be in your other comments
Current polling shows him winning the next election as well (by a slim margin)
I don't think that I've seen comments like that before.
It's hard to explain
In the EU you get not 1, not 2 but 3 Steps to influence a bill
haha, there's the occasional Serbian chauvinist.
So yeah Finland is better
Nobody but very old people would have a problem reading Bulgarian written with latin letters.
Our healthcare was partially privatised in the early 90s which made it far more expensive
But the most peaceful ones aren't obligated to participate even if they sometimes do
There is nothing bulgarian about an ethnic turk, living in Turkey, who cant speak bulgarian.
There will be far less sovereignty if the EU breaks apart.
It means nothing about a local clerk's ability, inability or unwillingness to use English, or any other of the official EU languages.
Which is translated "Do you want to eat slaps"
Passport refers exclusively to the small booklet with space for visas you use to travel abroad.
Hahahah thank you for this vid!
If you can't fire employees that are bad, or make it very hard, overall a business will be slow in hiring new workers,especially youth workers
Bruh that reminds me of some epic 17th century RPG
If it weren't for the Russians it would just be another region of Romania along with Transnistria
"Зеле" (meaning "cabbage") is traditional
Where in my comment did you see generalizing of any sort.
The Netherlands, UK and Germany have lower benefits, had labour reforms but at the same time below 5% unemployment, so is it a coincidence that these reforms correlated with a decrease in unemployment rates
Most people consider Greece more as Mediterranean same with Italy and Spain
Europe is like a huge, amazing and great brotherhood.
It may require tweaking but if it was left the way it is, I woudn't complain.
we **need** a blood bath
>and cause moderate inflation
> And I'm doing my part to explain how it isn't.
At the service stations they have cctv set up so that you can look at from different parts of the highway ahead, so you can judge if it's safe to set off with the snow etc
Hi, thank you for your contribution, but this submission has been removed because the information was recently posted.
ignorant waitress
Wtf this sentence sounds just so right, the commas are perfect
) we might as well have been speaking Chinese
Marriages between gypsies and outsiders are rare.
Same as "Tataro-Bulgarian" Macedonian/Serb rhetoric - only in that person's mind.
Oh by all means, I agree convincing people to vote is the only way to break the vicious cycle.
Rofl, I guess we've expirted some construction workers your way too
Realistically that would be a complete clusterfuck.
In Bulgaria, we have these so called 'language schools'. Your class profile consists of 2 languages - in my case, which I'll use as an example, they were French as a first language and Russian as a second
Attack the problem not a symptom
This is just means their influence will again spread through out Europe
It's not our problem most wars keep getting fought within muslim countries.
Pretty shocking we were at 57.6% in 2007.
Mostly we say "bahti", "basi", "deba, "daeba", "dagoeba"
It's been better for the past few years, but if you go to a North Macedonian news website and see the comments (which I can easily understand, as the languages are nearly identical), it's... harsh
I hope economic growth brings people back to the country
Its mostly spoken in the Southeast, alongside the border and especially in the Kardzhali oblast/region and also in the Northeast in the provinces of Razgrad, Shumen, Targovishte, Silistra and some parts of Dobrich and Varna have it as their mother tongue
When i talk about pushing the imperial measurement system, i think of all technical/mechanical stuff as well as research science institutions.
BEtter present some fucking proof for this
We must not do anything yet again and expect a different result next time.
Oh don't say that
Didn't even realise till halfway through the song that I've been rickrolled, I'm not even mad
Also it's very helpful for foreigners to get to all of Sofia's museums and sites
It's a reddit thing, nobody gives a shit in real life
You mean to tell me that the continent where there's a revolution like every day doesn't take shit from the government
Atlantropa 2
A newly liberated country needs a military
In the pre-digital era, I think this stands out:
We just
It's not only that
Bulgaria should get the Macedonian flag
No money left for anything, my salary is considered good here
(It's also expensive as fuck :/)
And what happens in the Balkans should not be, and it is not a problem American Congressman must deal with.
Movies and TV especially
Even in places like Kardzali and Razgrad where the majority of people are Turkish ethnically, there arent movements for secession
HELP
Yeah, it really bugs me when people cite the Wikipedia figures for people killed by the Mongols as if they are gospel truth
33% tax is not only higher than the maximum tax in the UK(30%), it doesn't help smaller businesses
Oh and I forgot
Think in the Nordic states ice hockey is more popular than football.
Any European can do that much
There is a lot of international petty crime these days where the location of the trial will make a difference because the people involved would be too inconvenienced
* Svetomir(a)
They would probably agree with Mr.
Students that are not good mathematics shouldn't learn complex geometry for instance
Greens have a very strong taste, I can eat just one green olive a year, like a shot
My point is the basics have to be taught always, but once in high school focus should be put on the best subjects for each individual student
Do you understand how banks work, where their money comes from
In my country those parties are seen as a joke.
I seriously doubt the 4.6M employed figure for Romania (population 19M), considering we have 3M with a population of 7M.
Since we write what we hear, when I was a kid and watched movies about spelling bees I was always baffled, because the idea is absurd for my own language experience
Not like in the city where we pass total strangers, remaining cold and not saying a word
Couldn't have worded it better
If they don't want them in the EU it would make more sense to not accept them and say "You can't enter because you're not a country" then to deny a perfectly acceptable country for no reason like a jerk.
) but these are still left to be exhibited properly
Secondly, that's a matter of "is" vs "ought". EU citizens don't understand how the EU operates
In Bulgarian churka means "a small dick" as in a diminutive to the word
Country: The impression I've gotten in my 21 years of living here Bulgarians seem to favor dogs
Flowers of Europe is something i want as encouraging people to open their eyes and start searching for beauty of the nature close to their places, not after flying thousands of miles.
Yes because in Croatian (and all Slavic languages that use the Latin alphabet) the letter C makes the sound of the German letter Z, not K.
Too cold for walks still :(
Huh, never imagined that Norway actually has such big percentage of shadow economy.
German pentioners are already very present to the North
get yourselves tested, people
Projections 50 years+ from current day are usually way off.
* Svetlomir(a)
* Yovan(a)
I believe for the rest of the world she's Canadian.
Ironically, the last death penalty was executed 4 days before the moratorium came in effect
The simplest explanation is ignorant people, basically
Mine didn't change that much because I never bought the "tolerant west" myth(at least not towards people from my region).
All the Serbs singing praises to their beloved Russia more than make up for the missing Russians.
At least in Bulgaria, the same is true for wine
This submission is about privacy rights not economy, might wanna check the thread you are in.
I have personally made use of this and studied abroad on scholarships which wouldn't have been available to me had Bulgaria not joined the EU.
I once had diner with my friend at 3:30pm
nuclear reactors because they were building Kozluduy
Cause Sweden is not just one or two cities.
Do you realize you'v just paradoxically made an increadibly big West-Europe-centrist argument that almost says we, Eastern Euros, should form our political opinions based on the feelings and attitudes of you in the west?
Bulgaria had a lot of them - typically simple village folk having enough of Turkish repression and taking up arms
On a tram in Vienna
Bulgarians usually buy still water when thirsty and drinking tap water is very common
Where do you think alexei comes from
They haven't created the necessary industrial base which can cope with their living standards.
They did not protest or revolt against Ukraine or new Ukrainian government.
Some modern academics are trying really hard to push that bullshit narrative.
And an oligarchy set up to ruin both of them.
They're cool, too
That's insane
They said without problematic history
The same thing happened in Germany can you tell me, without saying the French values are different because they really aren't, what makes the French market not flexible to such changes
Never heard of anyone drinking tap water (maybe some after it’s filtrated)
>but I've got no idea why it shows 15C° near Sofia (the capital)
RIP
Romanians deserve support in their struggle to change their country and change the views of their politicians.
See [community rules & guidelines](/r/Europe/wiki/community_rules).
Nobody ever talked about Vikings in your History class
Not as many Russians as it used to be tbh
Bulgarian gf or something
Yes what about it
YouTube type people (content creators), hobby group managers?, more travel will need more people in that industry.
I don't know about Italy, but in Bulgaria, Garibaldi is very respected, he inspired some of our own 19th century revolutionaries like [Georgi Rakovski] and [Captain Petko Voyvoda] One of the main squares in central Sofia is named after him and there are a few monuments in his memory
You can boost your domestic market as well.
Comments like that are cringy as fuck
Even more so when for Bulgaria to take a position against the territorial integrity of Ukraine could easily endanger its own territorial integrity.
The Christians in the Mid-East experienced a genocide in the past 20 years with most gone by now from the region, yet again - no suicide bombers.
Romanian musicians using Bulgarian traditional song for creating a good "summer hit"]
So, you know, if you ever need to consume BG-media, avoid those.
- According to Sofians, the rest of the country is backwards
However, Bulgarians mostly identify parties by their leader so it's not too different from a direct vote for a leader
You may hate Putin, but the aftermath would be rather unpleasant.
Introduce a cup of peas to ducks and witness World War 3
IT should be focused on more, not everyone goes to college
I just don't like making other people uncomfortable, because I hate being in such situations myself when other people make me feel like the way you were treated
"Intelligent Speed Assistance" is going to be mandatory on new cars in a few years
If you want to solve this issue make better EU rules and enforcement
Yup, just came back to this concrete slum after spending 2 weeks in the Elena Balkan at my cousin's. Shit was magical, I can understand why they do it
Government-connected oligarchs bought most of the major media in Bulgaria in the last few years and installed puppets in the government owned media, who fired a lot of the good journalists that were working there
These don't matter do they
(chill, we mean Vardar/Skopje by that)
Yup, they changed their name
Hahaha dude what did I just watch
Something like half of the medical graduates leave straight away after graduating.
jk :)
Every time it rains it becomes a pond.
Open faced sandwich with meat and/or cheese, topped with fresh cut tomato and some 'colourful salt' (popular mix of herbs and spices)
Some inception shit right there
Even the British diplomats were communicating in French in their missions abroad.
Do you know something about it, are we going to be doomed to be two party system eventually if they win?
Considering imports fell more than exports doesn't that mean Hungary made money from the sanctions?
109th day of protests against government and prosecutor
If you voice your differing beliefs that go against the dogmatic principles you're likely to get shut down
I know HSBC announced it'll relocate part of its business ( i guess regarding euro clearings ) to Paris.
It is the only European land where Buddhism is the main religion.
American bbqs tend to be very large and outdoor only
You may think you are joking, but you are not!
What is the treshold of democracy?
Pantcho Vladigerov State Music Academy|
It was an incredible and eye opening experience.
I learned at 21 years old
Otherwise they would have released the full data for every country.
Fingols mad
And now VW is the biggest manufacturer in the world.
It's comparing what people see as foreign investments ("aid") to actual aid in economic terms
The assessment of whether something is good or bad is quite subjective.
Interesting, I always wondered why San Marino exists lol
4 percent in the fourth quarter to 48 percent, a level not seen since before the global financial crisis
So even if what you said is true, and BeNeLux is a 1 to 1 homomorphism to the EU, it does not actually support your claim
They just get our passport to travel in the EU.
the finnish word for plumber is also bulgarian for "pussy cleaner"
Scandinavian languages are cool because they are so strange and interesting.
We used to have kings too but then the monarchy got yeeted out of existence in 1946 and with it the kings were gone too
Thanks for clarifying
I thought on posting it on r/MapPorn, but I realised someone could really create „porn“ with this
It only serves to make young people hate reading
It says that they were like a safe haven for monks from 301 because of persecution from the Roman Empire, but their constitution was written in 1600, thus making them an official sovereign country on that year
For me, without a formal education in the language, Russian is understandable when written but it's much more challenging when spoken
Do you decide if people are voluntary employees or not?
>We have a shortage of teachers because the pay is so low and the job is so hard
Млатя (mlatya) means “to beat down” in Bulgarian
I've lived in the and in various countries in Europe and my feeling is you're less free to express yourself in the US, free of ridicule or disdain when your opinion differs from consensus or your way of life doesn't conform to the American dream.
So all in all about 100 km of roads in the whole country
2 guys got the brutal police beating that no one is talking about
You turks are hilarious, truly.
They are not
Where
'Eh, Yes - yes' means 'No, obviously' and 'Eh, No - no' means 'Yes, obviously' (I am not sure about what punctuation to put between the doubling, but is is definitely not a comma)
The decree is being challenged in the constitutional court right?
Me too
So yeah, it went pretty good compared to the rest of Europe
9th century bulgarian rules used it like it was equal to Basileus because Simeon defeated the Romans and was preparing to capture Constantinople .
And, hey, the China office does some amazing work if only I let one or two little (big) companies be bought by them
How long before we start punishing thoughtcrime?
One given name, one paternal name (the name of your father + "оv/ova" suffix), and a surname (either the name of your paternal grandfather +"ov/ova" suffix or your father's surname, but not both)
The political impact of Trump-the-Clown's protectionism and isolationism however may create a worldwide turmoil.
I find such diversity incredible and quite educational.
Broadcasting the crime live on Facebook -- not very smart.
Guess it is ok for the native homeless and unemployed to suffer but it is a big problem for the refugees.
Since the numbers are so small it would make a huge difference if they were adjusted for population growth.
|Parvan Penkin Ivanov|Parvan, son of Penka of the family of Ivan|
The budget according to french scientist is getting better in a acceptable manner when it comes to research
Stefan Stambolov,
Loads of snow in the mountaney areas....hope you have a blast!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
We call Serbs and pretty much every Slavic nation on the balcans 'Brate' - brother
When I was a kid if I disobeyed the teacher I'd either eat a slap or they tell my parents who would slap me at home
What do you use
We joke abput BULGARIA ON THREE SEAS
The ones that actually did are the ones people actually mention whereas those that robbed and killed anyone are generally forgotten
I hope they succeed
[European history] TIL that according to "Hitler's Table Talk" he despised Christianity for being a "religion of the weak" and regretted that Europe hadn't falen to Islam in the 8th century.
This makes me want to actually go and *see* it
4% increase over 10-years"[73] Ludovic Subran, the chief economist at credit insurance company, Euler Hermes, estimated that Macron Law would give France a GDP increase of 0
Call me crazy but, I rather see history from the rest 1339 years when Bulgaria also existed one way or another, which is authentic Bulgarian (not commie blocks, foreign monuments of a foreign country and foreign people and very very bad architecture)
Gypos live in insanely crowded hoods as well, they'll feel at home if the problem seems to be the level of modernisation of the cities, not how crowded they are.
Or are you just randomly ranting against these countries without connection to the post?
Macron is going to increase as from the tax year 2018 the level of social contributions on pension income, investment income and capital gains
How can you defend such arrogance and sense of entitlement?
Apparently cats of Rome have taste for architecture and sculptures.
Ask your parents/relatives to give you 400 usd a month.
But to say that the UK has irreconcilable differences with the EU is too strong.
hey hey hey Bulgaria is in the OK graph come on
I am smoking currently, but I was perfectly happy with a vaporiser, just treated the exact same was a cigarette, no smoking inside and such.
I'm really getting tired of this shit about Norway here
Which is unfair because *everybody* is ignorant about something
You can find more at @photozheravnafest on FB
EU exports to Russia decreased from 119 billion euros in 2013 to 73 billion euros in 2015.
That Europe = Britain
Maybe I'm blanking on some others, and other countrymen can chime in
I can say they share a lot of words with us but for us, those words would often be "archaic" or only really used in very old texts, or different context
"Oh, the EU office gives me good benefits, but look, the Russian office has a great deal from me if only I put in a good word for them at the next staff meeting
90% of the material is useless filler from communist times
The argument is more like that NATO hasn't had more defensive moments because no one is dumb enough to be attacking it
I don't know who advises Trump-the-Clown.
Also the slavery you keep bubbling about was a problem in your country not in "Eastern Europe".
May warns...Johnson-the-Clown warns...Johnson-the-Clown mentions the Nazi's in regard future negotiations with EU and so on.
Yeah
And the USA on behalf of Saudi Arabia.
Personal: As James from TheOdd1sOut would say: I'm bisexual for animals
The bulgarian one failed in an year without secured funding and the US one is going for another round of funding with 8M$ secured already.
" Sometimes to joke with the nationalists, sometimes like a nostalgia in a funny context
i am afraid you live in parallel reality.
"Deep south" I've never heard Limburg described like that before
You know USA don't recognises Crimea as Russian right?
To put it in other words, the EU is precisely what "many people think" it to be
Orange
USA is evil - they have chemtrails and haarp and shit
Erdogan says Bulgaria's pressure on Turks 'unacceptable'
Didn't even realise till halfway through the song that I've been rickrolled, I'm not even mad
But still, he should have been more prepared, it's not like the Germans would have any leg to stand on if he had moved more troops to the border areas as their own troops were massed in Poland
The EU countries' support
I prefer to create something by using my skills and brain.
Kinda helps that he was crowned at the age of 4
Sure you can do that, but that's not what she's saying
Czechoslovakia deserved better than being invaded by its supposed allies
He is gaining votes only because he undercuts fuel and drug prices.
Why not
I personally would add „Тютюн"(Tabacco) by Dimitar Dimov, to those two.
The fact that there is actual prosecution of government and political figures in Romania looks unimaginable to us here at the present moment.
Why is there half a century of crisis?
And there they were selling it themselves
One of the most racist places on reddit, idk how this shit is still on.
The UK will be able to grandfather the EU's current FTAs
Actually, a long time ago I posted a thread in "Sweden", because I watched a great Bulgarian documentary on it, and said - guys, it's gonna get worse, it's a business, don't give them money, because the bosses and even the panhandlers make a looooot of money and this will only go larger.
It's just something I noticed in Americans and found funny
Just give 5 rifles to 5 guys and nobody will dare to challenge them.
Osijek is evaporated
As you can see from the official data from our ministry of education, the difference is not really that much - 70% graduated from UASG end up working in the sector compared to 63% from Varna
Now you said it doesn't matter if capital is cheap if you can not make business because of screwed economy.
To put it bluntly, they don't want to pay their debts off, but they don't want to default as well.
But asking the people "Do you think we should have a common army that will save us money and increase security capabilities?" will probably pass.
things will go very bad very quickly if something happens.
It's was 20ºC here, in Bulgaria, as well but the sea temperature is too cold - no more than 7-8 ºC.
Not extremely homophobic or something
So we're experiencing a Euricane
If europe did not save the German/French banks, then Greek banks shouldn't have been saved as well.
Юр уелкъм
Also, sobaka is not a word in Bulgarian at all.
Many nations have been at war for long periods of time, while some ending up enslaved even.
Meaningless platitudes are cool tho.
Axis-allied countries were told to round up their Jews and get them ready to deport for concentration camps but members of the Bulgarian community and the Bulgarian Orthodox Church protested these orders and convinced the Tsar to delay the deportations indefinitely
[Pancho Vladigerov - Vardar - Bulgarian Rhapsody] is the most majestic and widely loved one
Hiking mountains and suddenly stumble upon tiny, beautiful flower in the middle of nowhere.
Turks have been celebreting the end of winter in the last 5-10 days of december
You got these GDP figures out of your ass.
Imposing their idea of ["gender neutral speech"] on others.
So stop romanticising uncivilized life - it's not romantic or "free" as you might imagine it, it's constrained by the savagery of death, disease and suffering that settled societies progressively decrease or completely remove.
Even if you look only at foreign tourists the UK is still at one of the last places in Europe, that's strange considering how much more affordable visiting the UK became.
If anything because of the rampant corruption and amazing incompetency  a low taxation level is preferred
Here you have Turkey a modern country, with billions of debt 10 years ago, now with a booming economy...
Haha, sounds too good to be true
Should you buy from big foreign company chains (like Lidl and Kaufland) that often get their produce from abroad but often offer much better prices and overall customer experience or support domestic businesses and shop in small local markets that have local produce but have higher prices and often aren't as convenient or as pleasentto shop in (don't have certain categories of items, staff are often rude and act like they are doing you a favour by being there and often haggle for things like items warranty and defective items)
Mildly socially conservative, centrist economically
Fuck that lad it was the funniest shit)
In the end we're talking about 50 buses with maybe 100 people each for 5000 people.
Source: am Boogerian
In Bulgaria you have 2 days off for a funeral of a blood related family member, or spouse
Good engineering
In my opinion, South reached its peak in the years before crises broke out.
It didn't make much sense lol
Imagine your government *forcing you to change your own name you've had all your life*. Of course, as a direct result many Bulgarian Turks  left en masse - about 300 000 (out of 800 000) left for Turkey
Thank you for your vote :)
As EU members are also NATO members, the base is part of EU's military capabilities and think we're gonna need those in the future.
There are no schoolbook definitions to state the differences since it changes from country to country
Also this directive just says that A standard needs to exists not WHAT the standard IS
People only take loans for big things like buying a house.
Bulgaria, parliament parties:
And fucking trailer parks, don't you guys actually have those specially designed for gypsies so they stay there and not pollute your city
Talk about blatant discrimination
As a Bulgarian, fuck Tsar Putin
The other one is Pernik, a town near the capital
>Did you actually heard workers saying they wanted to lower their paycheck ? Or who wanted to work more for less ? Or who wanted the hygiene protection service to go away ? Or who wanted each company to be able to abolish the law if they don't want to respect it ? Because I didn't.
Hey, we're now westerners with the Serbians
Those are definetly trolls
Ich habe ein apfel
Not really, б is b in Cyrillic.
Sofia is stunning, you guys should go go go go go.
This is strictly "god" in the traditional religious context.
I mean they are right, if you are serious about sports best to stay away from weed and alcohol
They had they can vote 3rd party.
No real Bulgarian would ever defend Turkish imperialism.
Let's not be honest because its my country?
|Sport|Vasil Levski Sports Academy|
The UK isn’t leaving because it didn’t get its way, the UK is leaving because it didn’t get its way all the time
И какво постигаме с това - ниШТо.
And now that I googled this Michael Parenti I see that he doesn't have a history degree and most of his books are about the twentieth century (and rather suspect, according to some posts on r/askhistorians as well) . Call me elitist, but I would rather trust historians with good reputation among academics, who specialise in the respective period
Economic sanctions (though that seems it'll hurt the population more than the rulers)
[Here] It does overlook a part of the gypsy ghetto but it's pretty in winter.
I have a 50% discount that costs 35€ which allows me to buy return ticket to the other side of the country for 17€
She's the sister of another less popular writer, who was also part of the "Thought" literature group
I've also witnessed a lot of copy-pasted comments, different websites, different news.
Capital centre is blocked almost every night
Bulgarian - Благодаря/Мерси
So you would equally include in your national pantheon and history and label as "Macedonians" rivaling Bulgarian, Serb and Greek bands who fought *against* eachother and there was almost [a mini-war] between them with each side wanting to create an independent Macedonia by itself, which would then join either Greece, Bulgaria or Serbia?
Obviously the country exists, but because for a big chunk of time in the past it was a part of Bulgaria and it's full of ethnic Bulgarians, the joke is that there's no such thing as a country (North) Macedonia
Yeah, no, I'd rather take some obscenely large pickup trucks than US food
The Angevin period is a very fascinating one.
Do you wear shoes in the toilet
Well you see we need at least some minimal amount of people dying to keep the economy running.
Guess it is a regional kink
During the first semester we studied the civilisations from Mesopotamia (so Sumer, Akkadia, Babylonia, Assyria, Hittite, Phonecians) and Ancient Egypt
[Boza] really good, many people don't like it but twice as many love it
You wouldn't be too happy if California suddenly decided that it isn't a part of the US anymore, would you
What about not using this crude form of whataboutism
Haha OK, but we were drinking today as well.
Shit must be wild
Haha, you do realise that deportations to Greece are not allowed precisely because Greece has been violating the ECHR for over 5 years, right?
I'll get the ocasional word but that's about it
I wish them good luck with these protests
This is very accurate
That it was a historically very mixed region, which at the start of the 20th century had a well documented by Ottoman sources Bulgarian majority of around 60%, large Turkish minority of around 20% and the remaining 20% predominantly Jews, Serbs and Greeks.
Close enuff
It would've been really disturbing sub
Phone
Each time some lunatic dictator comes to power nowadays they are elected
Capitalism is why they have circa 4 times the living standard of all those countries where planned economy was imposed, such as mine.
How about all of you just stop trying to censor, silence, shut up things you see or hear that you don't like.
This is obvious, a lack of skilled workers is creating production bottlenecks and snarling up supply chains
For once she's being proactive about issues.
It argues that the CU should be enhanced not that it's bad for your economy.
Bulgaria
Yes
Askhistorians is indeed good tho.
Не се сърди човече.
|Arts|National Academy of Arts|
New Bulgaria
Maybe it was a Bulgarian Swede?
This post is a month old, how the fuck did you even find it haha
For example, all of these countries also have a lower rate of intentional homicide than the US:
I don't imply that the EU doesn't engage in some forms of protectionism but I doubt we are even remotely on the same level.
We literally have a town called Златоград, or zlatograd which means "golden city". It's located in Bulgaria so I'll leave it up to you to guess whether there's any gold or wealth there
5 million euros) and the population of the Principality of Bulgaria (1878-1908) had 6 million (3 million euros) - combined
Sure, they can Google you no one will find out, that way they can be at an ease that you are not some psychopath and it should stay only with them this info, but bringing it up, that is what I am talking about bluntness and pure stupidity
Didn't know Americans love Iceland so much
But there are regional variations and they're sometimes called different names
I don't know, you had the idea of making a Gipsy state.
By annual they mean this is how much we would be growing if every quarter had the same growth rate as this one.
**Grades 5 - 7:** the longest break is after the third class now, not the second
Still disagree that they are essentially the same seeing as Belgium is actually doing ok in the money and population departments while Bulgaria
Thought people on the continent have better taste!
These bridges, funded with EU money, cost 134000 €.
I have a friend who has watched the new J.
Check out the Rhodopes in the summer if you like hiking through nature
Snuff is not legal in Europe excluding some or all Scandinavian countries.
At one point of Russian history we asked vikings to come and rule us because even though our land is enourmous it is  completely orderless
That being said, our Prime Minister Boyko Borisov isn't the most popular among people and his public image (as a man of the people, for lack of a better term) has mixed reception - mostly positive, perhaps, at least for the "uneducated masses". As for the people who are strongly opposed to him - he's a good focal point of a lot (dare say - all) of the corruption within our political and judicial system, but I can't call the people preaching for other politicians more educated - just *sick of his shit*. We hate all our politicians though
There is a saying in Bulgaria - The wealthy ones don't believe to poor ones.
Ethnic Bulgarians are dying off/ immigrating.
[Finally we can go it alone
He speaks Bulgarian and has lived for a long time in the country, leave him alone.
Not the God described by Christ in the New Testament.
My cousin slapped his forehead when I told him the rent I pay in Lozenets
I admit I always get very defensive because I am kinda tired of being accused of being a leech when I actually care a lot about the UK and try my best to be productive and give back so when I saw your comment I presumed you meant it in a bad way
10% I think
All kinds of stray animals in Sofia, mostly cats
Doesn't it make more sense the first tries not to detect it and after that to detect it when the virus has spread more
Ah yes, the age-old "Those dirty refugees are going to rape and abuse our women" despite the fact locals are fucking professionals at it, and no one bats an eyelash
The nation-state is a good thing if it serves either the interests of Russia or the current isolationism and exceptionalism that's taking hold in the anglosphere.
Once the accession protocol has been signed, isn't the country considerd to have formally acceded?
Think the food hypermarkets in Bulgaria are - Kaufland, Lidl, Metro...there used to be Carrefour, but i think the chain left Bulgaria.
The government has tried hard to make them send their children to school by tying child benefits to it, but they skip a ton of classes, and often drop out.
Also, noticing the overlap of territories between Serbia and Bulgaria is not something you can spot easily at first, especially if you don't know what you're looking for.
Byzantine Empire = Eastern Roman Empire
40 - 60% Russian is actually extremely difficult, and my comprehension comes from having studied it
There’s also a general Sofia vs
A TON of laws have passed SPECIFICALLY for poorer people ! Like higher (+100€) minimum pensions for the retired ? Like the transfer of social contributions from the retired (except the poorest retired) to the workers ? Like the removal of the local housing tax except for richer people ?The ONLY law that was passed specifically for rich people was the removal of the "Impôt sur la Fortune", which was scientifically a terrible, terrible tax which did not succeed at transferring money from the rich to the poor
In Bulgarian, the need for this change isn't really a need, grammatically, but it's leftover from an earlier stage of the language and it's pretty much mandatory speech - it just sounds better if you do it, than if you don't. (I'm sure this is subjective but you can just tell when something sounds *right*, you know
You are hopelessly brainwashed, aren't you
I think especially northern Greece have more Balkan vibes but the south is more Mediterranean to me
But I guess it could be worse - they could've made this [hideous Skopje 2014 looking shit] around the lion
When I was a kid and growing up, I seriously thought that our species would become a space fairing one withing my life time.
Hmm...are the UK and the EU going for a nasty and messy divorce?
Hahaha i am not unhappy, in fact i make fun of you Brits living on your misty swampy island, feeling so proud that you even think the whole Universe spins around your big egos.
Well what do you expect
You just sent them lamp post aid
Spain showing the Americas who's the boss
I see you guys as like a cousin or a little brother more than anything else tbh
The last name is usually a patronym of an older generation, often the first name of the person's grandparent
None of that happened in Crimea.
I see a Romanian here also claiming insulin
Rakia, a strong fruit brandy, with more of a kick than flavour
I suggest reading the Sermon on the Mount rather than 9GAG to get a grasp of Christianity.
* Romani tinsmiths - they coated the inside of the large cauldrons and pans used above with tin to keep them clean and rust-free
Rest of the world call it simply Macedonia, while Greeks have a problem with that.
The "free speech oppression" comes with the polonium in the tea, mate.
Do you think you could write up a blurb about New Republic and I can put it in?
>Then they wouldn't be required
Also he fucked her when she was 9, i doubt most Europeans fucked 9 year olds
Remember, GDP can be manipulated and governments very much like to give examples of unemployment, which is not the same as employment rate.
no wtf
Idk about the German flag but when I was in Nurnberg I saw many houses flying the FC Nurnberg flag (the football team) and also some flying the Bavarian flag
He got into an argument with the guy
All that's gone, and i am turning into hmm...should say anti-western of a sort.
That seems like an arbitrary distinction to me
But hey, our guy builds highways, eh
Recetly USA is more common because of the elections you guys have
Nationalism is a scary concept in the modern world.
Anyways
His granddaughter grew up poor in the 90s (no indoor plumbing in her early days) but her parents do alright now
Ever since then they have been mistrustful of both America and its European allies
A third option will be made available to me in May, when the third line of our metro opens, which will be 5 min walk + 10 min by metro
The Nessebar windmill on the black sea coast
My aunt lives there and I really want to visit her and her family
Thankfully, they are irrelevant.
I clearly remember the massive protest that would errupt every time *any* government cuts were proposed.
Doggerland rise
I'd be much more worried about the thousands of kilometers of steppes in Asia than any part of Europe on your trip, not many places to rest there if you walk
The only way for this to happen is a specialized tax, similar to how we do health care
Ours stands pretty well, they completed it now across the whole 160 km border and it stopped the flow well before the entire Balkan route was halted.
The rounds were just spell a word from the list you've been given a few months prior
How is the job market in your country?
He's trying to make the States a glorious manufacturing, trading and intellectual Empire the wrong way.
This thread reminds me I should buy a room thermometer
Plenty of similar words, spelled differently but comprehensible
Just think about that
Деба crew
Yeah, it was the same here in 2013.
I asked my wife and in her school it was exactly like you wrote
But since the English language doesn't have genders, when a male Bulgarian marries (for example) an American woman - Vasil Petrov marries Dorothy Jefferson, she becomes Dorothy Petrov.
You seem to have a form of paternalistic, Eurocentric attitude, probably deriving from the racist "white man's burden" type of mentality back in the 19th century.
But generally now, if there is a common Slavic alternative, many are regarded as more informal and sometimes crude
You don't travel 20min in circles looking for a parking spot on a bad day
The problem only comes when some far right moron decides to scare away minorities.
Surely sugar can't cost *that* much
This is what the building used to like when it was first constructed in the 1920s:
Investments in public transportation are up, investments in education are up, the science budget is up,investments in infrastructure are up
Well, animals don't cure autism, but they may help some related conditions.
My choice would be „уйде коньо у реката“ translating to "horse went in the river", and meaning "oopsie, shit's fucked".
It's hard to imagine something like that working here
You can check the gallery of the [Jeravna festival of the folk costume] \- this is an annual festival celebrating the Bulgarian national garb (and not only Bulgarian
Russia is messing in our stuff, and in other European nations, pretty actively
In 9th grade we continued with Medieval history, and that was very Europe centric, ignoring the Ottoman Empire
I have been to the one in Reims and it is a great place I recommend it as well
We have whole ruin cities and everything, it's insane
Dude, the trade between CE/EE and UK is midget if compared to west part of the continent.
It's not like they don't know this is hugely unpopular
I'd say it's rare, about
Well they are our neighbors and their language is very close to ours.
I love almost everything about it.
My neighborhood, I've heard, gets its tap water from Iskur Dam, which can't match Vitosha spring water or water from the various mineral springs in and around the city
After a year they were totally fcked up.
Oh thanks that was the only sentence duolingo taught me xD
What the fuck is mirrored letters?
You didn't unite all south slavs
starting the second Balkan war because they were not happy with what we got from the first Balkan war
The song that recently became a traditional part of the horo is called "Vasilka fell in love" and its about a girl that has fallen in love with two guys and has to choose between them
The whole point is that everyone can tell it's not real, but at the same time looks real
They don't allow non-hyphenated but if you use a hyphen, it's technically one-word-not-two-or-more
But, on the other hand there is TV and internet, so.
You are throwing millions of dollars away, while gaining **NOTHING** in return.
Bulgaria surnames end in ov/ ova or ski/ska
Paired with balkan cheese, 'colour salt' spices, and spread on a slice of bread, it's a culinary masterpiece (no bias at all, I only grew up on this :)
What I got was: "If you lie, you will be hung on the next tree until you are starving, if you speak truth (googled it to make sure
I'm going to be terribly clever and say that H in Cyrillic is a normal N [n] sound
>Look, I don't think NATO is some bloodthirsty behemoth without any impulse control, and there is obviously a defensive component to the whole thing, but that's not all there is
Booking flights to Switzerland
If i search enough i will probably find some germans who want hitler to come back and kill some jews .
I think so, things are going well, except politically.
Can confirm
Highways so good the asphalt probably won't last a decade
A newer esoteric urban legend is the one for the [Tsarichina dupka] (The hole in Tsarichina)
A social-democrat in a country still ruled by "former" communists can't do much.
Oh, damn, I forgot about Coca Cola and McDonalds.
Most likely not
This one about [Bulgaria] is really well made , I've watched it a couple of times and everything in it is pretty accurate
They have great sushi and fish specialities in general
Lemme guess, you dont even live here anymore ?
Sniffing snuff is what you talk about.
And why am I still answering you
But to be honest I wish we could stop measuring dicks.
Yeah I want to be in Schengen too :(
Bro I literally don't give a shit about your country
It's considered exotic, outlandish and unknown
When I was a student we never even learned about communism in history class
It's obvious that he thinks anyone on the left is a marxist, but that is not surprising giving his general views.
Hmmm I think the april uprising would make for a very interesting assassins creed game
It seems that a stalemate of the French social contract has formed, where reforms are wanted but not accepted
So their grandfather had a long lost baby brother - the father gave the baby away when the mother died, and it was just impossible for him to take care of all the kids + a baby that needs nursing
Of all the Balkans, only the countries in the south seem to be more nationalistic, and feeling superior thus not accepting cultural influence coming from their neighbors.
Which is completely false, Freedom of movement is one of the cornerstones of the single market, you will not get access to one without getting the other one as well.
No, but there is a disproportionate child molestation cases.
Surely sugar can't cost *that* much
The "sht" is written with the letter [щ] You can hear how it's said in Bulgarian in [this video] at the 00:42 mark
Given what happened to Romanians and Italians on the Eastern front I don't think he would have survived
It's not the same with other countries.
Your "ı" makes the same sound as the letter "ъ" in Bulgarian, which isn't present in English
my new favourite description of chalga thank you
Likewise, parents here will bleed themselves dry to help their children financially
Only read 1/3 of it
I guess the difference is they know China would swing the hammer if they acted this way
Besides, I would be very far away from my family
I haven't gone talking shit about the Netherlands, because I am not Dutch and I don't want to make a fool out of myself like you just did
It got the media's attention though and the management has since been sacked
But he's talking about colonial empires
Thank you, I couldn't agree more with what you said.
Trouble for the UK is that trade agreements do not treat the export of financial services.
The group believes that UBI would remove the incentive for citizens to work and would shrink the labour force by encouraging people to take more time off, as well as making less attractive jobs easier to refuse.
Yeah, same in Bulgaria
People are weird
I know there is a strong campaign in Bulgaria about prevention
And not annual in the sense year on year.
It is just that the wider public knew nothing about it
I don't live there but visit often, I find it incredibly rich and interesting.
I'm curious - given the climate, which obviously is not a issue for many of the responses, what do you like most about your choice countries?
Bulgaria and Greece have completely opposite debt levels.
Thanks for pointing out my spelling mistake.
Technically they weren't always good guys but the really bad were eventually called kurdzhali and generally most celebrated haiduk voivods are the ones that never did anything bad
Once i did it, i also saw a small village :)
I am only saying that it won't be in Eastern Europe.
These are all coalitions that entered as single entities.
I suppose "Аз съм българче" (I am Bulgarian) is the most appropriate for the topic
So basically you made that figure up?
That would be like funding Al-Qaeda to fight ISIS
No, seriously
I don't think Putin would be that popular in a Russia with functioning democratic institutions and independent media.
In the last years there are more active efforts to castrate them, so at least there are no fatalities recently
Unfortunately those usually collapse as people begin to strive to make their government more democratic.
No hard feeling towards any neighbor, but I love warm, salty seas
After failed talks, UK says solution in Cyprus ‘within reach with flexibility, creativity’
Nah, she usually refers to him as just 'Boyko' :D
In fact i do know what military assault means.
The only way for this to happen is a specialized tax, similar to how we do health care
France has an unemployment rate standing at about 9%. So yeah some people got a pay boost and because no actual reform can take place to make France more competitive, it was those 9% who made the sacrifice so that the current employed enjoy higher benefits
I hope the french don't go for Le Pan because she is a slave of Putin, I don't give a fuck about her views on eastern europeans.
[Here's something for you] to help you understand the difference between Republic and Democracy.
Another one comes from the Lord of the Rings Books
That better
A year or two later she died from cancer and he wasn't allowed to say goodbye with her, go to her funeral
The part in Bulgaria wasn't that bad (did 140km for about 2 hours) but Serbia honestly has third world level of railways
Lol compared to our fate you're downright lucky
I'm a huge grammar/spelling nazi, so I don't really mix words up and I'm the one correcting everyone else (if they say it's OK, that is)
I would not be surprised that despite protests, majority of voters will again vote for Borisov to avoid risk of getting someone way worse again
Holy fuck, that's beyond creepy, extreme only begins to describe it
If there was any such thing, it was not in the news.
Hell yeah I do
Easy access to buildings for example
I sometimes even catch myself when I had done it and I am always like "shit I just said the name of the country in English" to the person I am speaking
[Mike Pence is such a trustworthy guy.]
Crimea had mainly russian population for the last 200 years.
Slovo isn't the word for word, it's Duma...
I'd expect my closest friends to act as if they are at their own homes, so if they open the fridge when we are at my place to eat or have drinks - no
Unless it's only the European part, in which case it's will still have huge impact on global politics, but no so much on global climate (maybe)
It depends what people prefer, I guess.
Thousands are хиляда (hilyada) for 1000 and following the same pattern
Someone posted a picture of moose the other day on this sub.
If I find a piece of shit in the toilet, I'm not really going to be surprised.
A while ago, I've made this [fantasy map] but does it have to be fantasy, considering how much economical development and mobility it could bring for everyone
Europe on the other hand - many kilometers long, which makes it more accessible.
Source, the planned change in pensions was planned before the revolt according to the BBC
As soon as something happens that reduces agricultural output (like crop failure or trade disruptions that cause food to rot before it could reach its destination) we'd have people starving
This is one of those combinations like a bear with chainsaws for arms
My recommendation for finding financing is contacting the university itself and explaining the situation to them.
It's pretty tough when you don't have a decent choice in the elections, but then the first thing the newly elected party does is something outrageously corrupt, like trying to backward years of anti-corruption work.
**Romania** - They seem to be a lot more outgoing than us, with cultural events, parties etc
Oh that is my favorite, then he rides right behind me very close like it's going to make me drive faster
Our language/dialect is авелзаманско but such is life
So it's not uncommon for people to say "I go to the fitness"
Which one has Mexico and the cental american states in it?
> let's take the money where it is
It is a well known "secret" that the West along with Turkey were aiding the rebels against Assad.
Yes I do, what is American is not some secret, these are clearly espoused values seen in the American constitution and honoured throughout America's history.
We're looking at her with my SO, and we're thinking - oh, it looks like someone got sick or needs a doctor, that's pitty, we hope they'll be fine
Yes, during the third monarchy the Great Powers installed Western nobles as our monarchs, first Alexander of Battenberg and then Ferdinand of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha
Learned it at 8 and was fluent by 9 , Im Bulgarian so English is very basic in comparison so it was fairly easy
I forgot there is a shield of dementia around the continent and only bright intelectual right wing people can enter.
You are right that Ted Malloch has no place in Brussels and we should not accept him, but Trump presidency is absolutely legitimate.
Thus we consider ourselves a mixture of Bulgars, Thracians (they are the indigenous ones) and Slavic => Bulgarians
No idea
It's wonderful food filled with cheese
It's honestly staggering how many people died, and how many weren't even born as a result of that
CrapFuckShit
By the way what is your perception of the gender balance of the refugees?
When put in miserable conditions, people try to escape.
It's not chocolate in any meaningful way.
I think he was serious in his statement and it seemed lacking in the vulgarity, trolling or deliberate baiting that "shitposts" usually contain.
Tell him that there is a somewhat new and only sometimes used common european language, just with heavy dialects (dutch is germanic, so I think that might be beleivable)
And then
This helped me a lot and my uncle is from Manchester and he said that I talk better than most Bulgarians
Hmm is this my new wallpaper ?
"Plikche" vs "Torbichka" is the West-East divide that I know from where I've lived
Nah, we have it in Bulgaria, but I also have seen it in Italian forums, as well as half of the English-speaking ones - US, UK, Australia, etc
Good thing they didn't fuel the Russian fleet.
Really
Баница (Banitsa)
>Same reason why the BEL exam is mandatory
Saint Nicholas comes every year to give presents to the good children
More like North-west of Stockholm.
I live in Stara Zagora, Bulgaria
You kan read everything you neen about it [here
I'm much more willing to bet the fact that the average German or Brit and other European people (namely French and Belgians) see a lot more burqas in their day to day lives compared to the average American (many of which have seen burqas only on the internet) plays a much bigger role.
Coupled with the tax right off for electric cars, the carbon tax, something proposed both by climate scientist  and macro economist, is a step in to the right direction
33% tax is not only higher than the maximum tax in the UK(30%), it doesn't help smaller businesses
They had more than enough time to establish with certainty the time of his death.
Yes, the mountains, but only I think Strandzha, the Rhodopes and Stara Planina the others have a lot of tourists
I am not Cypriot but I live in Cyprus, the reunification is important to the Greek Cypriots such as my friends
Or any religious ideology for that matter.
The bac is an entrance ticket to university, yet too many students drop out once they get there
You say you want more public services but Macron's government HAS INCREASED PUBLIC SPENDING
One of our politicians went to a meeting with Trump carrying a [Billa bag] Since then the Billa bag incident has turned into a cult for the aesthetic people, such as this [lady]
This was so widespread supposedly that according to a facebook friend of mine a specific term for it arose, i might ask him on FB what it was if you pretend you don't know what i'm talking about.
And the most important thing-a single color scheme per building.
Brexit hasn't happened yet, and NOBODY knows what the real consequences will be.
Plus they are a tax haven which undermines other countries' tax policy.
In 2016 we made a survey with some 6000 respondents about night life in Sofia
We only see the face of cheap manufacturing of goods and big businesses on the east coast, but we have no idea what's going on there.
Yes, that's a view to Vitosha mountain from the city centre near the National Palace of Culture.
So if you don't count the two centuries it was part of the Roman Empire and the five centuries it was part of the Ottoman Empire, Bulgaria has existed for 1339 years
On the other hand Britain complains a lot when other countries start invading.
for example, if you're more familiar with the people, you probably could recognise a Slavic person, a Spanish person, probably a Greek person, but sometimes you can see lighter and darker people in every country.
I have an uncle who lives there since like 7-8 years.
By foot
Britain is leaving the EU, freedom of movement and so on.
Just toss that shit into the backpack and search for it the first 15 minutes of each class
Every cop is armed here
Finally
Some countries deliberately don't fulfil some of the requirement in order not to adopt the euro (Sweden)
Between 0 (Iceland) and 10 Russia/Turkey, we're prolly a solid 6
I think for us is the national TV which is probably the least bad of them all
Ich werde dich wie einen Eclair füllen
To not sound like a hater, I will say I did I love the beer and the architecture.
Lol, it means old woman/grandma in Bulgarian too, that's pretty funny
And in my country, you won't have an easy time if you do not speak Bulgarian
As long as the secrecy of the vote is guaranteed, I do not see how anybody can tell how you voted.
Respect their illiterate children not following any school rules?
The economy of Germany, societal structure and public transport of Japan, nationalistic tendencies of Serbia, fertility rate of Syria, net migration rate of St
Nah, I was on a train to Plovdiv a few years ago where a group of 14 year-olds were lively discussing it
Wish you luck with the irish landwhales who look like a truck hit them in the face, I guess every train has its passengers.
I asked if there's reason to believe that the average German doesn't feel the growth.
On the night of 30 June, people gather at beaches (although those who don’t want to travel to the seaside go to the mountains, hills etc) and start bonfires, set up camps, party and sometimes famous people have concerts
We convinced the chinese that it's the secret to longevity
In the beautiful building with beautiful interior and seats
There's a significant Muslim minority in Bulgaria and they are quite civilized - no terrorism, women don't dress like ninjas, no obsession with religious rules, no self segregation.
And I have never seen a real cockroach in my life
This happens here as well but mostly at less known pubs where 90% of the customers are just people from the neighbourhood :D
LOL...i don't even want to go to Britain as a tourist.
Do you think EAEU has a chance of grabbing all of the trade there?
1,000,000 - милион (million)
This was like asking 'Do you know what perfecto, dramatico, economico mean
We are coming for u Romania (x_x)
As you can guess, entry to the EU made the problem significantly worse.
For example in Johannesburg, I was of course part of the minority, but everyone speaks English (or at least can speak English), and it didn't feel at all uncomfortable to me.
So Navalny gets repeatedly poisoned, blinded, beaten just to make  it realistic
WTO is a ready protocol of rules and Britain as well as all EU countries actually signed WTO agreement.
Where have you been these past couple of years?
Refugees/migrants pay thousands of dollar to get to Europe, if they can do it Indians should have no problem.
Yes, it is safe
All the population exchange do was to remove what few Turks remained on the island, but the mass of them were already removed earlier.
Yes, both
* We call dishwashing liquid "vero" after the Vero brand;
YOU DO
You made it a great short essay, man :)
>part of the Roman Empire
As for Botev, I won't argue anymore
Slowly, one by one, as the consequences are more clear.
The parents can appeal to the court, but the basic rules are:
Putin is strong
Got taught about the region of Kurdistan and the Kurds in high school in Belgium.
It's about "upping your opportunities" alright but this rarely means dreaming about working with tourists at home, it's mostly with immigration in mind.
I bet he played some Simon & Garfunkel too
Dinya in Bulgarian is watermelon
Yeah
It removes their ability to do dynamic changes to be competitive
That's about it
Fourth, you can not compare Greece and UK, the former never was a global leader, neither industrial power, the latter was all that at some point in the past, hence both countries have completely different base for their development.
Hell yeah
Personal name + Mother's name + Mother's family name
Our original culture was that of the thracians the same as you.
I don't know about your family but I find it interesting that, for a lot of people here, last names are actually a pretty new invention, from the last hundred years or so
No, the reason people do not live in cities is because of price
This American girl made a video for it:
That's my point, Russia has historically been a balance to continental imperialism, starting with Napoleon.
It's crazy how Vucic  marketed himself as pro-EU to Serbs and foreigners  when he doesn't act the part
That's why i compared it to us having a claim at some point in our history to, say, Cyprus.
It's supposed to be boring by definition.
The farthest you can go in one train is Budapest, thru Romania(if it still exists, I know it did back in 2018)
We are on 64th day of anti-government protests here, in large part catalyzed by these photos taken secretly of our long-standing prime-minister - stacks of 500 euro banknotes and golden bars stashed in his residence drawers (presumably bribes brought by visitors)
**Almost everybody:**
Why do we bother on r/europe with Trump-the-Clown?
For a corrupt country like mine, EU is the only chance to have someone slap our politicians' wrist when they become too greedy
There already *is* a video about Bulgaria.
I'm buying a bike
This sounds like we overcame the problem somehow...
If I remember correctly, we are only behind you guys and the czechs when it comes to lack of belief in god and general unimportance of religion.
* Yovan(a)
He is 5 times older than her, much different that a 4 years wage difference.
Really
Een volk een rijk
Lots of people are sympathetic to Russia, mostly 40+year olds, mostly low paid employees.
Have you ever read me complaining about your or anybody else's stereotypes or prejudices?
Not big enough to show up on statistics - we're not Africa.
With **Croatian** sometimes it's a bit easier than Serbian, but it's mostly the same
Our [ID cards] are pretty regular - they are as big as credit cards and they have a picture, our names, permanent residence address, our Personal identification number, height, eye colour and some biometric data that allows us to travel with our ID within the EEA without a passport
Wait, don't Russia and the Ukraine have the biggest border dispute right now
>The Vikings were also only mentioned when it came to the expansion of the Roman Empire in Europe
I would say it's hard to tell if any fluent balkan speaker has it as their first language or not
So this guy was under surveillance?Where did you read that?
[Iraq] [Libya]#Great_Socialist_People.27s_Libyan_Arab_Jamahiriya_.281977.E2.80.932011.29) and [Afghanistan] tried it way before it was cool.
Here in my country we laughed because a person of his position married his teacher
Few counties dare to speak about faulty testing kits, fake N95, medical equipment with quality of toilet paper, or the fact that the "free" donations from China have to be actually purchased (plus signing political deals with China)
In the EU you get not 1, not 2 but 3 Steps to influence a bill
The Mystery of the Bulgarian Voices - they've been touring the world since the 70s.
I've barely ever seen windows that are not like that
What is taken out of context and why is Pence right about Trump never having said it?
Republika Srpska was created after the end of the war.
They did, heavily
Serbian - Hvala
Doesn't seem like most people here have any nuance in their thinking.
Same objects, but different order: Rock, Scissors, Paper
Depends
Maybe Kostov and some other early Prime ministers did well, but the situation left after communism was just too bad
>Богомолка
I would say, we're still free so just take it from me that everything is A-ok, don't check for yourself and please go back to your timeline now
Far more eficient for X doesn't mean not efficiant for Y.
You're not allowed to hope that, it's reddit
I only ask you to think about this.
Government and municipality servants were over a million, which is a lot for a country with population of 10 millions.
Instead of whining about it, people were working others - migrating.
Also textbook
|Film and theatre|Krastyo Sarafov National Academy For Theatre and Film Arts|
Thank you for this
I haven't seen anything that would make me visit Moldova either.
There is chewing tobacco but think it is also illegal in Europe.
Also a bit of garlic with the onion for rice
"Russia" could include politics, history, people, cuisine, culture, literature, music....
It really is my default
It is just that the wider public knew nothing about it
so it's not really religion-centered
Well, it is a coalition of liberal, pro-Europe, pro-reform politicians.
But what does having smaller assets really mean?
Is it just me who came to this conclusion?
It was gruesome to watch
I feel ashamed :(
If you're visiting don't bother with Amsterdam; it's become just another pretty European city, instead go East for Utrecht, Muiden, South for Hellevoetsluis, or North for Giethoorn
Here is not very popular,  but poppy seeds are added on sweet buns, rolls and stuff like that,  sesame seeds are still more popular but poppy is a close second
онец мајчин јазик ми е македонски, јазикот кој го зборувале моите предци.
1) Snowstorms
A lot of your consumption is housing, services, and essentials, all of which scale very well to the price level of the country.
It is nice to help financially or in any other way if possible, but most parents are just happy you are still around
Our politicians say it too - because the smugglers get literally thousands of euros from person...
It's honestly mostly the eyes that make it easier to guess, as well as the face shape
Lol weren't they losing in the North
What I meant was that due to the heavy government propaganda, North Macedonia for decades claimed parts of the history, culture and legacy of Greeks and Bulgarians
On the contrary i wrote the cars imported in the UK after Briquit accomplishes, will be more expensive.
The answer is obviously no
Sep 17, 2012"
I think the cheapest vodka ("Flirt" and similar bullshit) would be around 4 euros for a bottle.
But what are they opposing or what to happen
Of course, no consequences, they are part of the ruling coalition after all
Hence why countries are always in debt, and that's a good and normal thing - the state operates and plans for the future.
The reserved, conservative nature is quite deeply entwined in US culture.
How come it is -43
4 percent in the fourth quarter to 48 percent, a level not seen since before the global financial crisis
For the clothes i don't wanna talk, even the mass produced cheap H&M branded clothes in Bulgaria are beyond any quality standards.
We deserve to have honorable lives
**People whose father's don't recognise them:**
It obliterated a military depot with a total of 1,494 tonnes of ageing artillery shells, rocket propelled grenades, depth charges, hand grenades and other explosives
The condition of Bulgarian roads is terrible.
The lyrics talk about [Rayna Knyaginya] an almost mythological figure from the late 19th century, a revolutional who sewed the flag that says “Liberty or death” for the April Uprising
Guess I'm a robot for getting annoyed by the cookie banners/pop-ups
Facts state that they declared war on us and occupied us
We take it pretty seriously and I think we reacted quite quickly compared to the other European countries
Ughh, the biggest problem of all
The Romans were an ancient Italian tribe
I tried both, and in fact have snus at home, brand - Kronan.
Was wondering why i see charcoal barbecues in the streets of the village.
I am talking about western products we import, not our own.
Another example that the real size website is garbage
Greece, Turkey and i think Gambia.
At the moment one or all of the conditions mentioned are gone, Greece is also gone from the EU.
Oh, and they are extremely religious, especially the older generations
Of course you can have democracy without rule of law and of course mob rule is perfectly synonymous with democratic rule.
This is why why DOST is at about 2%, and that is with Erdogan paying off the gypsies.
What we have is a reaction today to center-left and left wing policies which for decades have pushed the continent towards an erosion of the very idea of European people and civilization, in favour of a leftist internationalist version of cultural relativism and multiculturalism.
They sure seem to whine a lot about them and respond with by chastising the "decadent" West.
It’s sad to see the mass brainwashed
And even with the system broken elsewhere, people can exert much more control over their national governments than over whatever this voluptuous, amorphic beast the EU has become
**Almost everybody:**
I don't think I need to explain how
That's not everything
I guess a kid wouldn't have problems.
The fast food variant is mostly Banichka, what means little (portable) banitsa
He controls most of the media outlets in the country, one of which is the most watched television, Nova TV
Rather we should stop thinking absolute wealth coincides well with standard of living and use income + services that the government provides to determine how well an individual lives, PPP adjusted preferably.
They also found the parking spaces pretty small
If this keeps up I don't want to imagine what July will feel like
It is because until this directive started to be drafted Apple was using it's own shit so they can sell you a dongle
Democracy is good only when I like the result shitlords
The word към in Bulgarian means towards and it is pronounced just like the English 'cum'. Also той (pronounced 'toy') means he
I read somewhere that back then Slovenians used to eat some little mouse like mammals and it used to be pretty regular to the Slovenian diet, but im not sure if it was Slovenia or Slovakia.
I was joking
I think in the past the bags were more often.
If it's another language, I play in that language with subtitles
Certainly not exclusive to the religion here, though I've seen very inviting pastors and priests in different Christian denominations
We probably spent 3 years learning what a mouse and keyboard is
Why is it depressing to return to Ireland?
> I don't know what that means
Not really
Looks good to me, the Photoshop experts can complain but my untrained eye likes this
It literally costs *thousands* of leva (our currency), more than an average salary, by far
Blueberries and strawberries picking is automated?
And one more that ended as a reply to mine:
What's difficult to understand about that?
But I will agree that we were greedy and should have put diplomacy above some useless lands and quick profit
Greece and Italy, even though reasons for exiting EMU for both countries are fundamentally different.
Later on we'll learn the truth about polish language is in fact that it came from krakowian.
They are interchangeable, but "pivo" feels more sophisticated and slightly old-fashioned
Hmm, never heard that one actually
Don't know too much about female names through the ages, but I'd expect Teodora, Irina, Maria, Elena, Miroslava, Dara (more specific to the Bulgars) to be among the more popular ones
Fifty-fifty at best, if assigning such a figure makes sense
Poor Sweden, all neighbors making fun of it.
Saint Nicholas comes with a ship
Nothing's bad
You mean when the socialist government was in power and then proceeded to tax rich people up to 75% of their money and gave out free shit to everyone and nothing improved in the slightest, instead both the education system and health system started to worsen in quality
Yeah, seems like Bulgaria
Mission London (Мисия Лондон) for Bulgaria
But I think he is not a bad person and actually wants to improve Bulgaria
Yeah, that was the same in Bulgaria with that song
I haven't really written a book
And Pirinski, being born in the US with a Bulgarian father and a Slovenian mother was out of luck
Where
It's important to know what's happening over there but naturally - we are more interested in what's happening in Europe
Norway along with Switzerland are the most expensive tourist destinations in Europe.
The soul of a child
I cant say "OOOH FUCK THOSE", when my country is one as well.
There is no problem if you really care.
He appeased Putin from day one with his "restart" of relations that included abandoning the rocket shield and radars in Poland, among other things, sending clear signals to Putin that he has a weak president to deal with in Washington and can do shit like Ukraine.
And it impacts her too because the right to abortion is for all women, no matter their sexual orientation
Nah, just burning a shitton of coal and wood..
Thx Mr president of Norway
Makes sense, if you ask me
Which name do you think suits better USA.
Yet we were the ones that found that there are planets at all in that system...
Even in the age of electricity.
Between 2003 and 2012, performance in international maths tests fell compared with other countries
Ok easy on the ass kissing now please
Now there are rumors that T Market will open up in the same building sometime this year, so we have something to look forward to.
USB 2
Also, because they are ugly, compared to 100+ years old buildings and people don’t like the contrast
They can discuss that in their subreddits.
I do care about having more sunlight during the summer in the evening, however, especially at the sea
No they aren't, we are speaking strictly for the 2nd tour which is inevitable.
Must add the literacy of commonn folk of Veliki Novgorod and its surroundings in the Middle Ages was quite high and also there was a tradepost of German trade cities league - the Hansa.
Either way he'd probably get judo chopped by putin
while sipping a hot tea, of course
Ah, not my relatives; the relatives of a Russian/Belarussian friend
2016 is the perfect year for this.
If other people can be helped, that's fine, but it must NEVER be at the expense of your own.
Sort by new and you'll see at least a hundred triggered people talking about rape and ignoring everything else
We use our variant of QWERTY (ЯВЕРТЪ), but some psychopaths use ЧШЕРТЪ or ",УЕИШЩ" (the latter being the officially accepted one, yikes)
we have one side of the private workers that complain about higher taxes and on the other we have government workers complaining about low salaries
In Bulgarian it's чук (chuk) , I think its a somewhat hard quick word
I think Britons start seeing Brithing in or around every bottle.
[Flowers of Europe] Yellow flowers invasion!
3 - Serbia - neighbors, we've had a fair share of wars between us
You can find more at @photozheravnafest on FB
For Russian the toughest read is life and fate by vasili grossman
No one would complain about the word *skateboard* [скейтборд] but some people would complain about the usage of the word алтернатива [alternativa] because we already have the word възможност [vuzmoz'nost]°. Some people claim that modern words are being replaced by English words (say the word for friend, user, fashion
In this context, Баня means Bathhouse, not Bathroom.
Have there been any developments since the protests?
- there you can find extravagant and or little but cosy restaurants and pay half the price
Death squads, theft of an entire nation's private property, complete oppression of a nation's right to express itself or protest?
Hoping to start a business soon
How can we learn how to pronounce names in Russian, German, Italian, Spanish, French, English and even Polish, but you can't?
That is the reason why it won international recognition and countries adopted it.
He looks like he is about to start a trade war with basically the world and got us arguing about cars
Lol, I can understand not fully having Turkey in the picture but cutting off Istanbul like that is dirty
10 min walk + 15 min by tram or about 20 min by bike
I reserve no judgment, agreeing or disagreeing, as this would be a totally new and big discussion.
[Here's] a map of foreign operations of BG army.
Never been in Bulgaria
"Britos", "Balkansko" and so on should be a drunk prostitute in Stolipinovo.
glad to see someone in the german government has their priorities straight..
sure, just dont complain about gas prices afterwards
Just throw treaties at her and see the insane dodging she can do!
What are they exporting so much?
Unfortunately, the regressive left somehow wants liberty, freedom, gay marriage, rights for women and all that stuff while supporting Muslims and their, quite frankly, barbaric religion which is the antithesis of what they want.
Yeah I got you basically since education is not part of the taxes you pay you cant really repay for your education
You giving them as example in this context shows you either know nothing of the Nordic economies or of Socialism.
Play FIFA
And by dialogue all the right-wingers mean "Just let Russia be Russia".
I remember going there for example in 2011 and it was so modernized everything and people were very friendly and approachable especially with women, now I am afraid to go there without my mom or my man(and I am in my mid 20s)
You ever go back home from school alive just to flex on those Americans
When Greeks stop complaining a lot and start working a lot, you'll know they turn their economy around.
Sadly, so far it has been mostly Europe that has had to pay the price for it.
Yeah, I have also noticed that
I don't usualy mix up words but tenses I had a real hard time with
Doesn't make much difference in a couple of centuries I suppose.
If they cancel Brexit it would leave them with a cheaper pound and destroyed pride
What minorities were exterminated in Russia
Helping Germany in both world wars
It's real hair
First satellite and first human in space are far, far more important achievements.
If elections were today, personally, I'd vote for "Yes, Bulgaria
Everyone knows Trump's claims of having the highest IQ, best brain, most respect for women, smartest people, best crowds, biggest inauguration crowd are bulshit too but that doesn't stop him from saying those things.
Literally no one calls it like that, except Romanians
This makes the discussion of my original comment pointless.
And Bulgaria
&#x200B;
I think it will happen eventually when the robots take over, but it's still early.
Earth is Poland and Poland is flat, "is" is a transitive relation => Earth is flat
I live in Sofia so I kinda don't have to worry about it since a substantial part of the city has fibre coverage
i hate the "th" sound
Owners are big international companies, which have good reputation.
Western Europeans when the countries de facto ruled by a genocidal maniac don't progress with them: surprised Pikachu face
See, during the ‘30s, ‘40s, ‘50s etc Bulgaria drastically went from a super rural country to a very urbanised one
Retrospectively, I can EASILY call the majority of the time i've spent in high school absolutely wasted
OP failed miserably with most of Europe sounding like they're in 4th grade
The better the schools the more talent will come
U.S GDP is not much bigger and also EU GDP does not count Switzerland and Denmark.
My home town Dolna Banya (Down/Bottom Bathroom ) have 5 mineral water springs,  one of which was used in the roman bathhouse , after which the town is named
lol
Tavener
I had an italian friend and ever since I ate pasta at her house I can't eat it any other way
We're still trying to teach these magic powers to some of the locals here, no need for tourists to join in
Uhm, just look at those headlines
Thank you
Ha ha ha, so Turks still show their oriental nature during the week ends.
Isn't it the same here in Bulgaria
It might have been one lesson, or mostly in relation to the Greco-Persian wars or Alexander the Fine Lad conquering them
In order to get to nice ecoles you had to know someone or be from a rich family
As far as I know one of the conditions of getting into the EU is that the country HAS to adopt the euro at a certain point (that point being fulfilling five(?) major rules)
No, usually the dialects are considered not correct
To me, the EU having power over Bulgarian laws is actually beneficial, as Bulgaria being a post socialist "Republic" has incredible problems with administration and law making processes
Otherwise they will have to abandon that particular business.
They're not in the EU, so no legal channels on that end either
Which Assassin's Creed
Even their truckdrivers in the mountains
Never got to the point where they take off the training wheels
To all of you who will probably condemn me for my words, let me tell you.
Although Britain could lower tariffs on EU imports to soften the blow of rising prices, it would have to reduce them by the same amount on all imports from WTO members.
If you want to solve this issue make better EU rules and enforcement
Um in Bulgaria we have very tight regulations right now
We can only stop these communities from growing through mass muslim migration - we can't "disperse them" by using the state as some sort of totalitarian planned economy that tells its citizens (they are mostly such) where to live and how.
I mean, the government would have to fuck up pretty badly for this to happen, but if any place were to secede, Kurdzhali would be it
Military, without the US, you can not compete against Russia.
Since the beginning of human kind, in every society that has ever been, the concept of taking by force something that belongs to someone else is considered violence.
The one and only reason I went there
For the most part only approved photographers are allowed to take photos (modern devices like cameras  and cell phones are banned) and the photos are then upload on Facebook after the event
Lots of interesting history, the language omg is just brilliant and the origins of the Hungarians
But if it is to go or not to go, then go
7% in 2010 and 3
That's too much, but it would have been nice if it happened
They are the truly poor and they got fucked by low income earners wanting more for themselves
If anything I would argue that there is just as big of an amount of British people proud of the British Empire as there are Italian people proud of the Roman Empire and Greek people proud of Ancient Greece
It is good that Britain is leaving the EU.
I have met my share of foreigners who have settled in Bulgaria, but pronunciation-wise I have never heard someone adapt fully
The downside of the EU: I get so much more emotionally invested in the elections and referendums of other nations nowadays.
I'm just surprised, that's all :)
Как изобщо?
The medieval state of Bosnia got nothing to do with the contemporary mess called Bosnia&Herzegovina.
There is a reason you chose the word integrated.
Why does an extra large pizza cost €40
I've lived a third of my life in places where the native language wasn't my first language.
There are names that have variations tho:
Did not even know the bulgarian name of the animal.
I specifically avoid saying "decriminalisation", because that mean that means that the powers that be decided something was no longer a crime
) and bury that shitty statue under it, as one architect did indeed propose
In Turkey it is customary to refer to Greeks outside of Greece as Roman(s) / Rum(lar).
Bit late to the party but most of Balkandji songs perfectly fit your criterua
I'm happy with it
Offer them to be something like Hong Kong in Europe.
Sort of attraction and creating cozy atmosphere for tourists.
If they want to sanction France, Europe should sanction them
I feel the us is good at brainwashing without even realizing it.
On one hand the weapons manufacturer, Gebrev, disputes some of our prosecution's accusations against Russia, on the other he accuses them of shielding the Russian spies
Yes, here if a holiday happens to be on Saturday/Sunday the Monday after it's a day off , but this year its a day off anyway because today is Easter Monday which is a day of by default
Adding it will cut Serbia proper from their only way to get significant Russian military help.
The Balkans have the Hajduks/Hajduti
Turkish people, at least from the regions I have been in, are very cordial and nice
I can guess most accents in Europe tho
Because you always need someone to save you.
You have all my support from America
He was accused of not taking Bulgarian citizenship to avoid military service
Hello, I say John
Bogomolka
For Bulgaria it is chervenkov
I couldn't remember the first part entirely so I did counsel with Google Translate to double check
The event has 1K "going" but from the looks of it it was closer to 200-300.
You think Zagreb is a big city?
* [The Devil on the Zhivkovtsi's Church] \- in the 1970s the Communist party evicted the people of the village of Zhivkovtsi because it was due to be submerged by the new Osogovo dam
Why would anyone do something for you?
There was an obscure FPS that came out 10 or so years ago that was kinda that
but would agree on this one, lol
*squints at Iceland*
That is 53 year old Mark Rutte
Just saying "he did it because he's a piece of shit" without looking at how he became a piece of shit is why the situation is stagnating.
I'm a CompSci student in the UK and there are so many Romanians in the department that people joke that most students will end up learning Romanian from exposure in the 4 years of study
A Bulgarian that can't fix anything
I personally like [this very popular portrait of his] posing in his revolutionary uniform
Then he started testing me by asking me some basic Russian words (idk how he knew them) which were very similar to Bulgarian and I knew them, and with that, he became absolutely convinced that I was pretending and lying
There were many places that used to be European, but no longer are.
Sounds like a reasonable ranking.
Bulgaria and Romania had the exact same GDP per capita, Literacy and development as Greece in 1939.
We live in Europe
Why is this map showing our 4th largest city when other countries are either missing a city or have their capital and another
The average ISF payer, paid less than 2k of tax, really the tax was symbolic at best
Yes, it's creepy as fuck, I'm glad I'm not the only one scared by it
Whether we have is [up for interpretation] but personally I wouldn't say Bulgaria's claim to this is the worst one out there
Actually agree on how the land would be split between Bulgaria, Greece and Serbia after the first Balkan war
Lol there's a village in Caras-Severin with 130% turnout
Yes, [constant] No other country has been involved in so many conflicts all over the world as the US.
I get the same feeling when I hear "Slavic" names on American TV haha, it just feels wrong (cause it is wrong, in *our* languages and naming systems but not in English)
People aren't far right across the continent, but they don't want the above described either.
At 22 EUR/person and 7EUR/dog, you would think so, right?
You're right
Black ones I can eat them as a snack, very mild and pleasant taste
Thy can drop dead or live in all the comfort a state can provide, it does not make any difference to me.
Nope
I could not understand your statement.
I'm afraid I can't even fake out ones
those scebes were shot in amstherlamds, the whole coubtry is just one megapolis
It is called Hypernormalisation by Adam Curtis.
Catholic priests don't do that.
And in my country, you won't have an easy time if you do not speak Bulgarian
Nobody can stop Britain to lower corporate and other taxes.
I am surprised the list is not longer honestly
The data that shows up is from July 2019
10 years ago everyone (at least from my surrounding) preferred shitty Kamenitza and I was the minority.
He WAS a military general, but is now a president (and out presidency is nothing like USA's) There really are *many* layers to what's currently happening, which are buried under the simple "they corrupt - we protest"
Not really sure, don't know any good Bulgarian movies
Ah yes, people once again cheer as the government decides it's better to control things, then let people choose
Well, there is a community of Bessarabian Bulgarians in Moldova
The Inquisition in fact resulted in few convictions, as opposed to the witch trials in Protestant Europe
This is so good to see
At that time 60% of the commanding staff of the Red Army was wiped out by the Stalin's purge.
They would sell their grandmothers for a few rubles.
Russia just creates chaos by different means
She is wonderful, thank you
I suppose "Аз съм българче" (I am Bulgarian) is the most appropriate for the topic
No hard feelings against Britons, but if they imagine Britain as some large ship which can simply sail away and anchor near the east coast of the US, they are wrong.
And that compounds when it's coupled to previous information like for example you'd get with math
I haven't heard that name in years...
Interesting, here you would ask how the wife and the children are only if it's a really close friend
They're no more based than anything I said.
There is no detriment to not learning, and there is no discipline
I never agreed that they were unrelated.
I find them both unqualified for everything , but atleast Radev has that millitary experience plus.
I have heard the far-right party (which is anti-American) mention that America is controlled by Israel, but they don't dwell on it.
I love Swedish
Ottoman empire
pork chops
It's okay, English with a German accent is also very sexy
I'm form Bulgaria and I pay 15 euros for 1gbps internet
It's nothing but their own doing at this point.
>Like what
though I haven't seen these last names applied often outside of history or religion
Hey, so most Bulgarians don't dislike Macedonians in the slightest.
I am being serious, do not mean offence.
You better accept that, and don't vote stupid regulations that alienate EU citizens from the institutions of the European Union
Source, the planned change in pensions was planned before the revolt according to the BBC
Which currently means at least one of parent must be a Bulgarian citizen, but in earlier times the requirements were stricter
To put it in other words, the EU is precisely what "many people think" it to be
It's called multi-level marketing lad and it's what won us the Second World War.
I thought it is presentation of hiking tours around Iceland, cause you know, there is 55 km Icelandic trail which is included among the best hikes in Europe.
On the contrary of what you may be thinking, i personally believe Brexit is good thing for EU, as Britain was blocking further integration.
Most popular beach is probably Sunny Beach - it is also the trashiest
Wearing tracksuits
I was going to say Bulgarian's one was perfect although if you got with it to /r/bulgaria people would have conducted a civil conversation proving you wrong
The EU promised to lift the blockade if TC accepted the Annan plan, but it reneged on that promise.
Sorry for sending you on a scenic route through Albania
Basically the country is split by russophiles and russophobes
Nevertheless witch trials had like 100000 convicted over a couple of centuries for whole Europe, mostly in war zones, so while terrible, they are far from the biggest atrocities
He told the siblings the baby died, too
EU: German; SA: Spanish; Africa: French; Asia: Mandarin
However in this particular instance I think OP is just making a reference to Cyberpunk 2077
If HDI mattered at all Russia would have not been part of it.
I believe the Turkish people there pronounce it more like КърджАли
I think i heard on the TV British government mentioning 3 million brits, and more than 4 million EU citizens in Britain.
Europe is much freer than America in many aspect, for one thing most of us don't live in a corporatocracy.
We'll see about that
So Stratosphere means a sphere for armies
When I was a student we never even learned about communism in history class
>“The reform introduced the fact that the criteria used to select students is going to be based on the marks of their last years of high school, on their motivation and teacher’s opinions, and not at all on the baccalaureat,”
These days we know more about the inhuman actions in Africa because it was colonized relatively late if compared to America and Asia, and the documents describing those processes are still abundant.
It's ugly and it gets hairs that I have to constantly plug out
The atmosphere and cultural ambiance seems different, more european if you want(at least thats how it looks to me from distance).
Well also the concentration camps and the whole fuck freedom vibe is not well appreciated
(Some, which happen to be built in the Soviet era but are otherwise unrelated to it, are fine
Because of it and the cool "Russian" connotation our accent has I don't feel too bad about ours
No single market for UK, all trade under WTO rules, deal for the Brits residing on the continent and for EU citizens residing on the island.
"На къде душата ми да бяга, и къде да скрия своите сълзи?" from "Ice Queen" by Vasil Boyanov
Until one of the countless drunk driver scum crashes into us after our corrupt police let him drive
It's a dangerous world out there, especially for governments that were founded less than 20 years ago.
Facebook is the cancer of the internet.
We have the largest percentage of citizens living outside our own country
Which country is gonna be great again?
that only works when you enter a train compartment and ask if the seats are taken
I don't know about Trumpistan, but if they go with the attitude shown so far, they will get such a deal that EU might need to drop humanitarian aid for one of the coming Christmases...
Didn't work that well
Budapeshta
Or offered Texas trade deals if they leave.
Thracian Tomb of Kazanlak - Dates to the Hellenistic period, around the end of the 4th century BC
Castles are for defence you silly goose.
Maybe just maybe if he doesn't sell weapons to "moderate" rebels the civil war would end and the refugees can go back?
Patriarchs, Proletars, Oligarchs
We also have an [insert dish] day
At least the refugees are viewed this way, but there are hardly any other middle easterners in Bulgaria.
Partially thx to Stalin btw
That sort of nicotine inhaling is getting popular.
Whoops, thanks for the correction.
Like the UK does
Seriously though, that was a good response
Rapes and sexual assaults have risen in Germany, France and the UK too.
Just like every religious group says "our God is the real one".
Why not 10 million much or less doesn't matter to the Indians
Either backgammon or bridge-belote
Though that is not uncommon for all of the Balkans
Da se izdrusam - Literally "to shake myself"
When men do it is just a guy getting angry and entitled for no reason but it isn't turned into a whole *thing*.
Most of them can't even speak Bulgarian properly, so just listening to them butcher the language can be comedic.
Most iconic: Yogurt
Every IT company I've interned at has had these "recommendation" systems where every full-time employee can recommend their friends
Something like two years
Bulgarian language and basic mathematics should of course be taught, but literature should not he mandatory, and students are forced  to learn far more than basic math currently, even if it's completely useless to them
Rutten from the Netherlands
There already is another ethnic Turkish party.
Germany
But not everyone is good with IT either
I remember having at least one day that was 5 classes - it ended faster and it was delightful
We need some massive protests against the ideas the EU is pushing in regards to internet copyright and censorship
know
Buy I doubt Tesla is what Trump has in mind
His Bulgarian is practically shit
In Russia
Marijuana has actual medical properties, and incorporating it at least for medicinal usage would only benefit us
That's what I've been drinking for the past 4-5 years
Yeah, although if you're referring to Hitar Petar, his exploits most often target either corrupt characters (the priest, the mayor, a cook who was trying to charge him for sniffing the food) or a rival trickster
It just evaporates, it's basically a drop water.
He'll, yeah
I mean, if what I'm hearing is true and big boy Boyko is trying to set his deals with the Russians so nobody can reverse them after, he has all the reasons to hold onto power
You get your money back long term - the health benefits are obvious, you are creating a better market for electric vehicles so there is more incentive for competition and lower prices for the consumer, if im in a neigbouring country its entirely realistic to travel to Norway to buy such a car, which could insert more money in the economy
If one has to tolerate the monuments of criminal and dehumanizing regimes like the communist one, why not do the same for the Nazi monuments
Technically, it's first snow for the winter.
And yes, before the crisis there was an orgy of government spending in Greece, even former greek politicians admitted that fact.
In my company, the management doesn't make a difference between universities abroad
This is why:
No, a quick Google search would have answered your question
There is a difference in literally all names, even if it's just a pronunciation difference
In middle school we did have one American English teacher, but after that all the teachers were Bulgarian.
Just don't do those kind of things
> That doesn't excuse the stupidity and gullibility of the voters, the individuals
* German, because I kind of like the language and would visit Germany again
he did the digging, he deserves the spoils
Yes she did, think it was more than a month ago and for sure i read that in english, probably it was post on reddit with link to an article.
&#x200B;
How do you, as a British person, find the using of double tap sinks, in comparison...?
A lot of foreigners make the mistake of comparing it to Russian because of the alphabet
>The government hopes to overhaul an ailing university system, which international students have previously voted the worst in Europe
It is not only how many hours i did work.
I do not think Turkey is so deep into the rabbit hole yet.
I went there yesterday for the first time and it was splendid
There was a reason the Ottomans were able to expand as far as they did in the 1300s-1600s
Interesting, but for me it was surprisingly familiar and easy understand
I seriously fear for the future of Bulgaria.
People are pretty chill, it's kind of our stereotype for them
|Desislava Peycheva Dimitrova|Desislava, daughter of Peyko of the family of Dimitar|
But what brand of Scandinavian
what happened to free speech
Negative demographic trends are not unique to Europe and certainly aren't a reason not to invest right now.
Well, when it raged, half of Europe was isolated behind the Iron curtain which limited travel and therefor slowed the spread there, but then again, once it got through the curtain, the lack of information and awareness made it spread faster
I know a lot of people who wanted to study Medicine who took harder Biology and Chemistry classes from 9th grade to get ready for the entrance exams
But studies have shown that it does effect what type of car people choose
It will be very hard to change something here, and it is getting harder every day
The songs, poems and books had a goal in mind when they were written, to awaken the Bulgarian people and light the fire in their hearts for freedom, this is a tough task - trying to make people want freedom when they know the cost of blood that will have to be spilled, having been enslaved for 500 years and having numerous failed rebellions
So the most effective way of dealing with it they had, even when dealing with 19 year olds, was to find a teacher to keep them supervised
Moscow accuses Turkey of violating WTO rules amid debate on ‘wheat ban’
I think the best word to describe them is "clowns".
It was founded for the first time in 681
I mean even if I was an AKP supporter I don't think I'd vote "yes".
The title Tsar was given to Khan Tervel by the byzantine emperor for his help securing the throne for him, from then on it is inherited by the bulgarian ruler,The first bulgarian empire's area consisted of the majority of the balkans and romania so it's plausible to call it an empire
Развод по италиански. -"Divorce the italian way
English - Bulgarian
There are couple of theories, though.
isnt she Ukrainian lol
Stray dog pack do a lot more than scare children
Newspapers and cigarettes are sold at fixed prices right now
That should be banned because calls for acts of violence, not because it supports ISIS
Just a modern Balkan tradition
What is the lesser evil in your opinion, and what do you think would be better for Europe?
Nope, Latveria is what you are thinking of which, according to the comics is somewhere between Serbia, Romania and Hungary.
" kind of like a "That makes sense
What a beautiful, heartwarming tradition.
This was a big thing for me to get used to in Bulgaria
Fast food in Europe is vastly different due to a hell of a lot stricter food safety laws, which also makes it a bit less unhealthy
I prefer Bulgarian because it isn't "soup with grapes" and I think this mainly comes from the fact that it has been perfected and revised for a lot longer than English
What does the finance is a sector that's doing good have to do with tax, they already pay the 33
Her grandfather still doesn’t have indoor plumbing, doesn’t drive a car
The rest is on old lines, designed for speeds of 65 kmh and partially upgraded to 85-90kmh but that speed is only theoretical
It's the same in Bulgaria, and for similar reasons -- in a developing economy you don't have a safe "base" of highly-paid workers you can tax.
To be honest I fail to see it do anything but diminish the sectors growth and weaken Paris for when Brexit happens and the London financial sector starts seeking a new home
Did that ever happen in Australia.
If you think the French political spectrum is left, well why didn't you vote for the communist party or socialist or whatever
"Turkify" - The word itself comes from the years of Ottoman slavery.
North-Western Bulgaria > Bulgaria > Balkans > Europe
Bear in mind, I am no delusional revolutionary who just wants to tear down systems and revel in the ensuing chaos
Cool, I got Austria
Hristo Botev,
Leave it to Polan to ask first about the homos.
"Na maika si putkata" or as you gentlemen would know it "at its mother's privates"
Per [Wikipedia] West Germany got 11% of $12 billion that's 1.2 billion 50s dollars or $12 billion dollars today.
I don't want to *tear down* the EU, I want to *change* it
You might cut out the weeds, but the root of the problem is the system which allows for corruption to exist
If you have a **part-time job**, even if it's a very cosy paycheck, but you're not in the career-building stage of your life (e.g: you're still in university), the only thing you'd be expected to pay is probably an errand from the store here and there
If that means people suffer for their stupid choices then this is a thing to appreciate, as it should be this way, not regrett.
Go to Rhodope instead, it's the big mountain next to Greece
The winter solstice is the day when the Sun is lowest in the sky at noon and during that time of the year the day is shortest and the night longest, and it is considered the very middle of winter (at least in the Northern hemisphere).
Everybody was selling alcohol, we had no trouble buying alcohol whatsoever.
The Indian subcontinent alone has had as many wars as Europe.
I don't know about your family but I find it interesting that, for a lot of people here, last names are actually a pretty new invention, from the last hundred years or so
Muhhamed difference between him and his wife is 40 years.
And...why is the water inside marina darker than the water surrounding the town?
I liked how Geshev started to prosecute several rich oligarchs (something unseen till now)
> Cost: £232
Han Asparuh,
Vittu
They're denying the existence of a unified "white culture".
They are the Bulgarian Belgium
[Bulgarian boxer Kubrat Pulev kisses a journalist during an interview then she sues him for harassment
The truth is somewhere in the middle, imo
France already employs more than almost any other EU nation via government spending, this is not the way forward
One more and we are back to our ultimate form
Not really, they just say its banter when they get confronted.
How to call small platic bags
there's another aspect to that - where does healthcare cost more (overall) - Spain or the UK?
which didn't save a lot of lives
Bulgaria is named that because it is people of Bulgarian ethnicity that live here.
10 leva - 1kg
Increase spending on Research and Development as well as education
So go back to the Middle East where you belong
Pretty weird to pick Julius Caesar of all people as someone who was hard done by history
We've seen that happening many times.
Uncool
I think if you want to do that, they have to be hyphenated, for example Maria-Magdalena
I think it was mostly fears over the US abusing this deal somehow.
*Ireland, Greece, Sweden, Finland, Estonia, Cyprus, Bosnia, Kosovo, and Ukraine*: Not in support of, perhaps even against those who fought for freedom
1,000,000,000,000 - трилион (trillion)
It's not like this is the first time she's had to deal with someone she dislikes.
The far right campaigned mostly on the refugee issue, and they came in third.
I honestly, don't understand these boomers why they defend these monuments with their lives (brainwashed)
Dude, mongols were just a bunch of nomadic clans but they did manage to conquer many lands, slaughter a lot of people and rule over very developed and sophisticated societies.
7% in 2009, 4
The Turkish intervention did not happen in a vacuum, it was a response to a milliary coup lead by EOKA thugs such as Samson that illegally took over government and tried to turn Cyprus into another province of Greece over the objections of its Turkish population.
Briguit was meant to cut off the UK from the continental affairs as much as possible and give opportunities for Britain to drift away from the EU.
Hence why a society that wishes to be stable in the long term sets up rules that create such a framework, and doesn't break them.
>Macron has proposed to tighten the selection process for those entering French universities, while at present all French high school graduates are guaranteed a public university place regardless of their grades
Infrastructure level Godlike
Dude, what do you think 2 speed Europe means?
So, it is a "richist" tax haven.
In that case may I recommend you read The Road to Serfdom by Hayek
In the winter when there was bad weather and boats could not come - no veggies, no milk, shelves in the supermarkets were empty.
Better off buy something in rural area, find a job there and have less complicated and calm life than living in London metropolitan area with insane prices and real estate taxes.
His favourite word so far is Shisharka (pinecone)
Neither of these things is true
Probably before the bulgars came to the balkans
The secret to getting Finns to talk to you is to meet them in a sauna
(Edit: To stir things up, I actually love and eat only two types of pizza, Margarita and Marinara
Our folk music doesn't have anything to do with the orient either.
Try Russian, Bulgarian or Armenian, Arabic and see what the definition of hard is
Oh I think my old facebook account still has the French flag over it so please upvote me and give me gold for my heroism
Do you feel like society is getting more accepting
"Look both ways before crossing
I loved my three years in Glasgow
discrimination and refusal to give opportunities doesn't help at all.
It follows QWERTY again
No, but I do feel extremely annoyed by the deliberate insistance of English speakers on not learning or even trying to learn how to pronounce names in other languages
:D Because you're so patriotic I know, it was a rhetorical question.
Sleep with shoes
Who knows how many of such people we have on the internet and the shit they are doing.
Why should Europe punish all Americans because of their president Trump-the-Clown.
As you can see from the official data from our ministry of education, the difference is not really that much - 70% graduated from UASG end up working in the sector compared to 63% from Varna
"Tradition" на английски не значи само буквално "официална традиция" ;)
I just learned about this on the morning news
newspapers promote the political agenda/ideology of their owners
Screw NATO , screw the Russians , screw Europe
Even if not empire, Finland is awesome on so many levels
What am I supposed to respect from their great culture.
In Bulgarian, there are rules that determine the gender of the word
Bulgaria has the EU’s deadliest roads
very corrupt
Bring back Wallachia as your official name and noone would suggest that anymore :)
We are the first country to recognize Macedonia's independence.
In Bulgaria shitting on everything for no reason whatsoever is a national sport basically
Finally not that it matters but we were actually forced to join Germany, we were neutral until 1941 but then Hitler poisoned our tzar and threatened us which left us no choice.
Imagine if Canada just started claiming that Lincoln was Canadian and explaining that him being an American is a big conspiracy
I have said it when the demolition of the 1300 years Bulgaria memorial started - the place of the Soviet "Liberators" Army monument is in the Totalitarian Art Museum in Darvenitsa, 1300 years Bulgaria [should have been restored] and slightly modernised and the Memorial of First and Sixth Infantry Regiments should be in the Knyazheska gradina at the place of the Soviet soldier
For some reason, I thought it was a badass Jedi.
*How do you live
I actually like using dative, sounds like I'm in an old Vazov novel, I find it kinda amusing.
- On behalf of Bulgaria
There are many muslims in Bulgaria and for the most part we get along swimmingly.
the non-dotted world is absolutely barbaric!
While I wouldn't say that anti-LGBT sentiment is something intrinsic to right-wing politics, you can't deny that they are less progressive on that front.
1) Snowstorms
I thought that's a Muslim before I read the caption
Bulgaria is about two and a half Netherlands the size so I'd argue Bulgaria would be the smallest big country
I agree with you, that it is not only about cheap labor, otherwise car makers would have built plants in Africa, where salaries are the lowest.
I live in the center of Sofia so i drink tap water and its okay i guess, bottles would be a waste
Huh...Bergen is the most famous Norwegian city!
Happy independence day, Ukraine
We do drink alcohol to get shitfaced but that is only one and much less frequent use of it.
At least hungarians did point out the low quality of goods sold throughout EE.
It is the countries themselves.
They just had to pick something for the study.
Yes, multi-ethnic states have failed in Balkans, and not only in our region.
The tomb has a unique architectural decor, with polychrome half-human, half-plant caryatids and painted murals
Democratic Bulgaria - coalition that claims to be liberal but main component is DSB, Christian right party
My high school class was unusually big - 32 kids
IT GOES IT GOES IT GOES IT GOES
I see your point and maybe you are right
But I don't expect such protests to erupt in my country because (from my experience) most people actually support the extrajudicial beatings the police sometimes gives when they catch someone red handed
EU can't force them to make the same product but if they're making a different one it should have different packaging than the West version.
Plain and simple, it is obvious the system allows for corrupt politicans to exist
Heard your mom scream MY name last night
You can still hear a lot of them in Bulgarian folk songs
I have never ever witnessed such conversation, but I doubt people would be against it
Jokes about extended family
Economic policy of the kind I'm talking about has nothing to do with culture,egalitarianism or family values
But they are like our little brothers bro
I remember the first time when a small state ( not microstate ) blocked EU decision about imposing economic restrictions on Belarus.
Man, that can be a real disaster for girls that do everything to stay slim and slender LOL.
Sleep with shoes
It is done in Bulgaria usually between relatives that you haven't seen in a while.
We definitely don't deserve the money because they'd just go into the pockets of oligarchs
Imagine not saying jokes because you might be imprisoned, tortured and killed
Honestly calling Bulgaria “Ottoman Empire” aint that insulting
I know they are not perfect but they can be useful.
I mean
Yeah Czechia and Slovakia are coming for you..
Probably wider walkways, bridges are not that wide usually are they?
This guy went through all the ancient libraries of all the few Christian monasteries of Bulgaria to try and find some historic info on who the Bulgarians were
Basically it's like having a dictator in charge
I'm pretty sure they didn't compensate Iraq enough for the destroyed country they made
The villa was discovered a century ago
We don't really know much about Volya outside of the main guy.
This referendum represents everything that is wrong with referendums.
He's a fucking joke, as are most of the pathetic neo-nazis in his circle
We need restart of the system but that won't happen with Boyko
Yeah, the transparent plastic gives it a trashy view . The cat is classy enough to go above that
Well, our former head of states and kings/tsars have been born in different countries and they have done decent jobs, so I think the majority will like him/her
I will drink to that bro
NATO has secured peace in Europe not the EU.
Begone heat
surprised pikachu face
CrapFuckShit
A European *state*? Fuck that
See, during the ‘30s, ‘40s, ‘50s etc Bulgaria drastically went from a super rural country to a very urbanised one
Only one, when my ancestors came there was only the Byzantium Empire (who were our enemies till the Ottomans came, and then the Ottomans became our enemy) and some slavs who are our only friends
Compare that to the Scandinavian languages, which are extremely close to English and it's really not a surprise why Hungarians are having a harder time with the language
This is why I refuse to move north
Rise of nationalistic movements is always a sign for a decay in society derived from socio-economic changes that have produced poorer, angrier people.
[The entire US left/progressives]
An evil princess, on the other hand, could have them imprisoned, beaten and tortured if she just didn't like them
There are some places like in Italy or Bulgaria where there are 25-30+ temperatures and then in between them 15 or 17, why is that
oh no what have we done again
But the funniest one I found a few weeks ago
A bunch of overpaid **and** easy to buy dicksuckers
And if Britain joins EFTA they will have to accept freedom of movement and European legislation to some extent.
> mokrostupy
That whole thing is a can of worms but the guy is not taken seriously by a lot of people, even his mannerisms and general behaviour/speech is ridiculous
Speaking of baths - Hisarya had pretty big ones too having mineral hotsprings -  [
Oh, and they are extremely religious, especially the older generations
Also I think that living abroad for a few years is an experience that everyone who has the opportunity should try out
cool
For people not speaking Bulgarian - RSF says in their report about Bulgaria that critical media is often under attack by the state and is discredited by judicial system and faces constant pressure such as asset freezing
Yeah
How exactly do you propose to keep 3 million people from going to Europe?
I meant (and showed you) the accusations that "whites" elected Trump due to no small part of "white supremacy".
Judging from the people with catalan flags I have seen on this sub I have to say that I believe you completely.
People hang out in cafeterias, eating pizza or visiting restaurant in the evening, saw very few working.
Why, every corrupt politician denies no matter what
Others are owned by Indian and Malaysian companies.
No I'm  saying that a system where nobody starves and food is wasted may be better than  a  system where nobody starves and nothing is wasted, because the second   has no room for mistakes or disasters
It was in fact in direct violation of the Copenhagen criteria.
The only reason why I have a Bulgarian flair is because I was born in Bulgaria, and I am a Bulgarian citizen.
It used to be we have our first snowfall at the end of October, then nothing until Christmas, when it would start a day or two before, and we'd have snow until some time in March
It's not like in USA is much different for example.
Wow wtf, even a little shipka monument and nevsky cathedral
"General government spending generally consists of central, state and local governments, and social security funds."
Hi, thank you for your contribution, but this submission has been removed because it is low quality.
pretty much every language is beautiful but these are some of my top choices
How does a Dutch guy learn Bulgarian
\*казвам = say, but казвам се = I am called
Kinda yeah
It's made from fermented grains and some sugar
Unlike the old ones that were not meant to go on phones but for niche applications, before of course they had to standardise
Do you approve of these monuments or disapprove and what are their current status in your countries
So a lot of people are isolating themselves
Pretty sure the guy you answered to was as well.
>Since Turkey has been fuming at China non stop
Is this real saying or you made that up?
My god get off your high horse.
Like the very idea of the American Lifestyle Experience^(TM) not being available in this other place (which *isn't* a third world country, so it must be *liveable*) is just so weird
they will simply go somewhere else and have a very similar experience
It was very much a slavic empire during its peak.
Turbofolk, chalga and manele are the Balkan trifecta of Trash Music
The regular people who went to Syntagma square whenever an increase in taxes or reduction in spending was in the agenda, and their farmers pretty much annually blocked our border to protest *their own* government if it planned to reduce subsidies, causing our country and producers losses.
Still managed to kill more than the Russians in the last 20 years
I have a colleague that landed a very comfy and well-paid job there, moved with family ...and a year or some later came back running
This makes the Balkans cry every time
We call that pacha in Bulgaria
That's what PC culture means - you stop fighting your ideological enemies when they happen to have a different skin colour because you are mortally affraid of the "r" word.
Like the UK does
Well, nobody was particularly fond of him and he was disappointed, because in the US he would have been (supposedly) applauded for this talent
Asking "Do you want a EU federation?" is too big and very vague question, to which most people will say no just to be on the safe side.
How long did it take you to type all that?
>  Latin America is light years ahead of Eastern Europe on lgbt rights and they’re way poorer
The fact that they are openly promoting such pullback would only increase the apprehension of Eastern European countries and encourage them to take countermeasures.
Right now the 33
Really
German minister says Trump gains a 'huge shock', wants clarity on NATO
Any time I've tried discussing it with one of ours it's some daft shit like "Well, Hitler said that after the war there will be only one capital on the Balkans and that will be Sofia
No, we are pretty corrupt and the police is often useless, but brutality is not an issue.
That being said, Vitosha mountain is really close to the city (parts of the city lie on the lower slopes of the mountain), so the picture isn't entirely misleading.
Well, mate, as far as I know, there are no games translated in Bulgarian
And then losing everything we got from the first Balkan war
Those, who were believing in "clean diesel" were ignorant to begin with.
Nobody even mentions Brexit in day-to-day communication in Bulgaria.
Britain invaded the whole world during the last centuries.
IIRC, the Pomaks were also Bogomils and this played a role in them becoming Muslim and subsequently becoming their own ethnicity.
Yes
I can no longer be sure whether our salaries are absurdly low or food prices are abnormally high+not the same quality, lol
it will just be WTO-access to the EU for the UK
The kid after few months quit and went in the service as best boy.
This is why Britain voted out really - their politicians take credit for all the positives while projecting their screw ups on the EU
He wasn't visited by generals but by members of the Politburo
But we have the benefit to have learned to have fun without alcohol :)
right back at y'all
Just because you are a far left loonie doesn't mean other people are right wing.
The way things are going with the far right taking over, with the USA and Britain as a prime example, probably in a world war
But yet French residents are against them, why, why fear change
Danish cookies are also widely popular.
Balkans, but it's more like a wishful and nostalgic sigh with a tear in our eye
at least u got lakes
This was step 1
I've been reading romaniainsider for a while and I've read many stories about how you're lowering taxes and increasing wages, that seems all well and good but is it getting a little too much?
>Only **Yeltsin** and Medvedev were 100% Russian
Have
0000001 because I'm moving to Spain then
If they stay out, they don't have to participate in the common fisheries policy
We say "at its mother's pussy"
Well we should sanction USA too then because they are still funding moderate terrorists in Syria
I think it's good to compare the EU with the US sometimes but let's not make it an obsession
Hehe, it's somehow interesting to see how the exactly same scam works abroad too.
I see some generalisations and they come close, but the only answer that could be 100% fair to the question is: it is different for every country
Tow periods come to mind:
The taxi drivers are notorious scammers, it's insane
Didn't 21 MPs rebel
It is really uncertain what was their status from 301 to 1600
Pick a barren land, make a 5 meter wall, throw in some tents, and you are set.
Economist agree that the reforms in Germany made sense and were needed, the effects are obvious in that Germany now has very low unemployment rate while before it was as big as France has currently
[The Irony of Fate]
If that happens it usually a sign you’re in for a more amusing and or frustrating call
This is a good example but I don't think it will apply to Serbia.
I hope you are only talking about establishments like restaurants and hotels.
That base was converted into a museum few years later when the mandatory service was discontinued
Well i thought that mean in the Soviet sphere of influence, not literally part of it.
33% income tax and every worker,banker,investor pays income and capital gains tax on their individual earnings as well
Greece's debt costs rise sharply as worries grow over IMF role
The lexical differences are much bigger, and the grammar is insanely different
Soros conspiracy is a classic over here
Even had a beer and shkembe in the morning.
Just like a certain German ex-prime minister (Gerhard Schroeder) turned Gazprom's poster boy!
Oh well
Nice
And lastly there are some classics that children simply must read
But it happened this year
At this point all of us had already watched porn and most of us were probably masturbating
But if there is enough political will, it can be saved.
I have currently returned 4yx2k+2yx6k= 20k in taxes so I am pretty close
I live just across the Black Sea from this......it's hard for me to even think about it.
[Kovachevitsa]
And there are a lot of other Roman ruins around towns, military encampments, villas ([1] [2] two major Roman roads passed through Bulgaria and there are remains of them too - Via Militaris/Diagonalis, Via Pontica
What do you think you're doing, cuckolds
You don't have the right to travel because you are a worker, you have the right to spend the money you were compensated for by giving your expertise and time for whatever you wish
A lot of foreigners make the mistake of comparing it to Russian because of the alphabet
If NATO were really offensive most of the world would be under it probably
And the dead ones which are magicaly voting and ofcourse - ciganite
Idc for up/downs , but the basic rule of reddit is you shoulnd't downvote someone if you disagree with him.
Depends, if you go back long enough two sets of names emerge, the slavic ones and the Bulgar ones
From a personal experience: Pleven (I have bad memories from there)
For example, (assuming you're Dutch) and we're talking about breakfast, I could say "peanut butter isn't that popular here" and you go on a tangent about how "What do you put hagelslag on
People had 17 years to migrate.
Taihumian Republic - definitely Sahelian, with maybe the North being considered Saharan
TBH you can easily lump the balkan, world, spanish and russian civil wars into one big 50 year-long conflict, and future history lessons will almost certainly do so
Vasil Levski,
Vasil Levski - He had an important role for our liberation
Third dumbest thing in recent history, after Trump & Brexit
Laws mean nothing, what's next?
We have our bulgarian standard and I thought its only natural for EU to have one to.
It’s a very cool tradition
[2019 Bulgaria revenue agency hack – Wikipedia]
This makes it taste bad, but it's perfectly drinkable.
What is your national "soundtrack", if you want to go against the whole world...
funny thing is, most people here see the backstabbing incident as you (Serbs) being greedy for territory during the first war, while we were the ones actually fighting the Turks, so a Bulgarian stereotype about Serbs is an imperialistic dream that never comes true
He controls the prosecution and a large amount of the judges
More than you hear about it about Bulgaria
Your grandparents identified as Macedonian Bulgarians.
Are the salaries enough for a normal, calm living, without counting the last cents?
Many old (and a not-insignificant number of young) people openly romanticise our communist past, completely disregarding the concentration camps, indoctrination, the complete Soviet dominance over our affairs and the fact that bananas were considered a luxury
Give me proof of Macedonia existing before WW2.
Nah, I am saying that 99% the time someone says "false flag" its some conspiracy nut talking out of his ass.
I wouldn't say I identify with my city/region that much as I have moved a few times and like all places equally
He proposes to increase the rate of the so-called Contribution Sociale Généralisée by 1
I heard it will be included in the next Civ expansion as a wonder.
(Same dead meme, but more grammatically correct)
I never remember those two apart
It would be for the best, that would truly create democratic legitimacy in the EU.
You should open a history book if that is the case.
(our metro also expanding by EU funds)
Lol, I can understand not fully having Turkey in the picture but cutting off Istanbul like that is dirty
Now it's overdeveloped, underregulated and pathetic in terms of social infrastructure
Oh man, the news being reported as 'being gay is now mandatory in the EU.
Have time for yoga and most important - less stress.
I wonder how many people will die as a result of older cars overtaking new cars driving the strict speed limit everywhere
I'm already bought my ac, it's arriving tommorow
5% now but culture remains very heavily influenced
I was able to appreciate  "Under The Yoke" only once I entered university
He might have been a communist but his style is simple yet beautiful
You can add "/ncr" at the end to prevent redirection.
Someone else said Portugal was first idk
Fuck off little timmy, come back when you've faced actual issues
What's the watered down version of "prejeba"?
Honestly I agree
I know Presov and Komarno
There's something quite funny about the only language with a Slavic derived word for snow being Romanian :D
I'm not sure if I've ever even bought something made in the USA...
After all even the mountain after which the whole peninsula was named, stretches in our country.
Oh yeah, Yann Tiersen
And since the beginning the majority of Americans didn't want either candidates
That's not really it, I don't think.
is coin)
In some countries that's easier than in others.
Well, nice win and all, but why the revolution
The [2008 Chelopechene explosions] has to be there as well - a massive explosion just 10km away from the center of the capital Sofia
it says his main criticism was he failure to stop a factory from closing
The justice system has a variety of safeguards to make sure that the people released do not reoffend
A lot of them have never spent any real time there beside being tourists
>International aid and EU member fee is not the samething, at least it shouldn't be
Dude, a lot of Dutchies bought houses in the mountain and forest regions in Bulgaria.
Six of my classmates won beauty pageants
Afrikaans is cheating
Yes
Nobody's going to cry for the UK leaving the EU.
Same here
LOL...how can a blind person discover a place yet alone name it!?
It's the Law, if I am not mistaken
I don't know much about them but the gist is outrage at the rampant corruption, and one of their goals is to cut the "nation's representatives" (parliament) by half
We were the closest ally, but not occupied, and only the higher ranks of the Communist party members and selected few youngsters were trained in the USSR.
Ah yes,we had that too
They had a phone call recently and agreed to work together "as equals".
катерица / katerica
There were some really good infrographics(?) a couple months back comparing Trump and Hillary's policies on A LOT of things, is there something like that out in English, or would I just be forced to read a shit ton of articles to figure out where they stand on a bunch of things
*Countries with red in their flags*: In support of those who fought for freedom
I honestly have no idea what imbeciles like you expect.
Blows my mind every time, and we all have them too
Bulgaria is the least developed and needy nation, and also it's a pretty small economy
According to [this] the debt Greece is repaying this year isn't even to Europe so forgiving it won't help much.
Are you telling me there were no pro TTP people on Reddit?
Otherwise it's pretty spot on haha
Yet the same people then what reforms that make France greener,competitive,want higher wages, less tax but more social spending
The advance of those terrorists was remarkable and it also showed very big demoralization of both Iraqi and Syrian government forces who preferred to abandon their positions instead of fighting.
They start looking at each other and using their connections of the past.
Ah yes, we have 3 words in common and the same royal dynasty AFTER we were freed from the ottomans
Sorry for the misunderstanding but he was definitely talking about production.
Bulgaria always the strongest
Please don't use the S-word if you don't want to alienate all of the eastern member states
was said to made Bulgarians and Kievan Russians know each other and laid the foundations of Slavic brotherhood.
It's just that posts on /r/europe about Romania is too damn high.
My grandpa considers Ivan Kostov (PM from 1997 to 2001) as a traitor for privatizing state owned factories, which resulted in a lot of them being closed.
For Russian the toughest read is life and fate by vasili grossman
People tell me i'm crzy for paying rent in Sofia when home office from a cleaner,more peaceful and cheaper place is an option
My washing mashine settings are french
Your "ı" makes the same sound as the letter "ъ" in Bulgarian, which isn't present in English
You still had mensheviks and socialist revolutionaries (the actual people that caused the Russian revolution)
In Bulgarian, if you are asked an obvious question you can answer by doubling the opposite of the answer, usually with some interjection
Everything is in the realm of possibility in the future.
Yes, thats what lash on people is there, my grandfather was attacked and bitten a few times 4 or 5 years ago
Will they loose votes if an early election happens
No, in fact Belgrade (or Old Belgrade, Kalemegdan) was in Bulgarian lands back then, up to the Usce of Sava river into the Danube.
Maybe not many people know, but the very first computer was created in Bulgaria from a guy by the name of John Atanasov
I’m currently working and going on to train I a high demand field worldwide
Oh gosh
Finally a top comment about us.
* Adrianople/Edirne is **Odrin**
Khan Tervel: The king of the first Bulgarian empire, made peace with the roman empire and helped them defeat the arabs who were going up take Constantinople
Metric won against imperial on international level, that's a fact!
I think they changed this to only one year now but I still think that's pretty good, especially comparing to some more developed countries than only offer a few weeks at best
I've never seen anything like this in any other towns in my country, so I guess it's the work of one person or small group
You just sent them lamp post aid
Their beliefs are a bit weirder
Come back if you can actually refute any of the facts I laid above.
Devaluing your currency boosts your competitiveness at will.
It's an interesting fusion so I recommend that you at least hear them even if it is not your cup of tea
White people this, black people that.
A FTA would be a significant downgrade for the UK, not to mention take years to negotiate.
Good night
Cwrwadgsjkfhdhf
dances) on Jordanovden (Epiphany) and young women being splashed with water or wading the cold winter rivers today (the winter holiday of St.John the Baptist).
The admission of the south as the sole representative of the island into the EU was a massive mistake by the EU - accepting a country which did not have a total control over its territory and was effectively at war with its other half and lacked the capability to enforce the EU acquis over the territory that it claimed was ridiculous.
A Grand National Assembly is like a temporary Senate - it holds 400, rather than 240 MPs, it can only be formed for the purpose to write a new Constitution, to change the territorial reach of Bulgaria, to declare wars etc
It's still an overall drop, you can't just exclude oil as if it's not part of the GDP.
It's often purchased with Ayran (yogurt drink) or Boza, that looks like chocolate milk, but it isn't. Try it only if you are brave
Asparuh, Kubrat, Boris, Bayan, Izbul, Tervel, Omurtag, Altshek, Irnik, Sevar etc
Is that mayonnaise or cheese
That's what I was always told, and honestly that's how the propaganda was sold to us as kids there.
Call me crazy but, I rather see history from the rest 1339 years when Bulgaria also existed one way or another, which is authentic Bulgarian (not commie blocks, foreign monuments of a foreign country and foreign people and very very bad architecture)
You can say that because they won the war(s).
Look at 2002 just before the reforms, 10% just like France
And Even in those scenarios, with 20 years of experience it'll take you a while to find a firm that could 1.
Was the ISF an absurd tax ? Maybe, but at least it was that : a tax on capital
[Vitosha Boulevard] named after the Vitosha mountain seen here.
This is necessary but at the same time I hate it.
Though I’d be burnt out from Bulgaria in different ways
I mean we can live in the Balkans and not kill each other
Having a hard slavic accent is so comfortable for me to speak and I believe it sounds cooler rather than trying to fake a British accent which kinda makes me choke and spit
Same
Sounds better in Bulgarian "Кой не скача е червен".
That for money and so on...Bulgarians did not know about EU funds, and as far as i know these funds will stop existing in 2020.
Sung by either silicone girls looking like third-rate porn stars or sweaty fat men in white suits orgasmically moaning about money, drinking and women
It is located near Seutopolis, the capital city of the Thracian king Seutes III
You do the exact thing you accuse europeans of doing.
Nah, we make the best yogurt and there is nothing Greek about it!
[Discussion] What should Europe do about Turkey?
Pechory (Petsery in Estonian) is a separate town from Pskov
Balanced doesn't mean good, you're applying your own biases to the word
It is true that central Asia is really unstable and unreliable, but I would not group Iran and Pakistan with those countries.
Im Bulgarian but ive lived in England for my whole life and i think that english can be very easy but its not the easiest since all the grammar rules makes it confusing
He has a whole thread with such videos from cities across the world, including lots of Europe: [
We have lots of caves
or hired after the internship for that matter
I can't speak for the other SE European nations but I've always seen Bulgaria as a less Eastern European and much more Southeastern, we share a lot of similarities with souther Europeans, most not good qualities but still
The Queen is the dinosaur among the monarchs.
It is unnecessarily huge
He left once during protests and the reason was high electricity prices, later turning political
I went berserker mode for a second there
You're forgetting that he bought the europarliament too and most of the foreign media which costs quite a lot too
There is a crucial election here, and many of the Turks are split about who to vote for.
Glad to find out how westerners really feal.
Geographically the mainland yeah it is but usually Greece included with the rest of Mediterraneans like Italy and Spain
lied
Hristo Botev: poet, teacher and revolutionary fighter
A mixture of ало or да.
The rent situation in Romania sounds quite different.
Ah yes, forgot about those unemployed poor poor Germans, Austrians, Dutch, Scandinavians...
Curiously, even though we're the poster boys, we've experienced a fairly robust growth nonetheless (especially Romania), in contrast with Croatia which has pretty much stagnated.
That was a joke about what the pope just did.
Congratulations Crna Gora
Yeah and took young kids for their armies and killed everyone when they conquered and stopped progress in their domains, pretty cool guys!
We have similar languages and similar history with communism.
I'm saying that if NATO were truly aggressive we would be seeing that everywhere because NATO just has  opportunities and temptations to be aggressive that no one else has
Can we stop reporting everything this Russia-bought woman says?
Parents would only come to pick you up on rare instances like if there was a huge storm outside or something
But in general we post mostly in our sub.
And then
For example, there's a good number of Germans in Bulgaria who are over 65 and live here comfortably with their pensions, while they would struggle in Germany
Both of the links i provided you claimed that.
Barekov's party is pretty much done, so they're out of the game as well.
Good Christians follow the New Testament then?
Yes, but by their perspective you have been much more of a friend to them than us in EU/NATO
The lot of us learned the majority of what we know from porn, hear-say, and awkward first hand experience
Graduated from Dundee Uni two years ago and I must say the education in Scotland is absolutely amazing
*Ireland, Greece, Sweden, Finland, Estonia, Cyprus, Bosnia, Kosovo, and Ukraine*: Not in support of, perhaps even against those who fought for freedom
An ice cream box  full of [sarmi] in the fridge
Unlike pretty much every major city on Europe, Sofia doesn't have a major river
After all, we have to keep up the export quotas to the rest of the EU, Lybia and Egypt
She's still not the longest-reigning monarch in European history
Even their truckdrivers in the mountains
40 - 60% Russian is actually extremely difficult, and my comprehension comes from having studied it
What about Malta with their 1%?
Hm, I wanted to say you were wrong, but reading up on it it seems Slavs And Bulgars weren't as equal as I thought.
I wonder if Levski would be so idolised today if he had lived long enough to get in the monarchy's way with his republican ideals
And people were eating it inside
Yeah
When I looked at it it was 75% upvoted and 75% of the non-reply comments were of the "Russia did nothing wrong" type.
It would be incredibly interesting to see how it changed during the Cold War, especially in such key moments like 1968 and the 80s when the French socialist party adapted more "right-wing" economic policies
I didn't even realize it looks like the number six with this font until you pointed that out.
You kiss instead of shaking hands, and have to bow to people who service you (cashiers to policemen)
The awakening era
and Geodesy|
Yes I've noticed that, however because English is my second language and I learned it primarily by reading than listening, unlike native speakers, I associate it strongly with the spelling of the word, so I have to consciously think about how to pronounce it
I could be wrong but from what I've heard Erdogan has mellowed his tone a lot towards  China recently
Is this what you dispute or the first part of my sentance, that "communists killed even more Russians" than Fascists killed Serbs?
Let us not delude ourselves that 9/11 conspiracy theories started in the Muslim community.
I'm sure this also applies to people state-to-state
I don't really understand your comment.
That would make having a border useless.
And, hey, the China office does some amazing work if only I let one or two little (big) companies be bought by them
>Government proposes 2% increase to research ministry’s cash allocation for 2019
Usually I drink it with banitsa
They should have probably named it that way.
And if we start talking about clothing and electronics it gets even worse.
I personally feel optimistic about Bulgaria
I don't get what these internet pirates are so worked up about
A functioning union that holds us accountable to certain standards
The message definitely wasn’t lost, tho, the video made it pretty clear, too
When you type "Ал Джазира" in Google half the results on the first page are all about that.
It helps though, when those external factors fade out of living memory.
And my prior point I think you went out of your way to not understand it
So why was Cyprus allowed in the EU then?
Turkey has gone down a slippery slope few years ago and now is sliding towards a clash that inevitably will come.
The friend gets to skip the first trivial interview stages that are basically time-wasters and the employee gets a bonus out of it
We need to accept that Assad is not going away and we should start helping him rebuild his country
More than a few Turks are epic dudes
Я - pronounced ja
It was something about the idea of confusing the Turks so that they won't know when we say yes and when no
Thank you
You have the most aggressive members in the US, UK, France and then you have more peaceful ones like Germany or the ones in the North and East
I don't know if that counts as a city, but I'm gonna say Tryavna
And I feel close to these countries - when somebody says he's European I don't immediately think he's a foreigner, like I would for an American or a Japanese
Instead of a creation of jobs thru reforms and lower corporate tax, they made sure that French labor is the least competitive in the EU
Could be a loanword
We're all in this together
Tbh I think they will have no deal because Eu wants to flex so no one else would think  of leaving
Ummm, I think you mean [this]
I think Nokia had some factories in Europe, like in Hungary?
The author of this map cherry picked the word slovo (which in reality means a saying and in rare cases speech) just because it goes along with the rest of the Slavic languages on this map.
The new favorite buzzword of the trumplets.
Pendant type of martenitsi often have human shape, so it was meant to look like a woman in a long skirt.
So, sorry mate, we just wanted our territories back as they were before the Ottoman empire
I also know a guy named Balik after a 14th century lord
I don’t think a single piercing will cause issues but larger ones are are frowned upon
An evil princess, on the other hand, could have them imprisoned, beaten and tortured if she just didn't like them
[Flowers of Europe] While hiking yesterday, i stumbled upon these breath taking flowers and took the shot.
"Republican party bad
Yes, ever read me claiming Bulgaria being average on global trade?
That's fine, most of us are glad to stay here and leave you in the company of the women-stoning, honour-killing, genital-mutilating muslim terrorists you seem so keen on growing like mushrooms in a garden.
I guess that's just the way things roll in the Balkans.
In Bulgarian "Po dyavolite" is exactly heck
Close enough to the civilized states that it might call itself one, surprisingly rich, lots of weird religious people and a desire to break stuff on days of celebration
There might be something there
Totally
France and Britain changed places!
I can also spot a Scandinavian pretty easily, especially if it's a tall woman
They also found the parking spaces pretty small
Ah, Pernik, so many stereotypes and low-quality memes
Most bulgarians could not care less about Macedonia.
I know you're joking, but the Avar khaganate was gone by that point of time, makes me question the whole map.
And we have a lot of bats like waaaay more species than Romania (suck it up Drakula)
Their dick falls off
French far-rights want France out of the EU and they are sympathetic towards Russia.
its missiles were tested in the Barents Sea
Of the ones you listed in 2018, only Montenegro might join soon, but it wont be in 2018.
Yes in Russian as well as in Bulgarian is spelled like that: да. Ha det bra
I don't know what you would have done if it wasn't for the poles working for minimal pay.
Just ruins your washing machine :)
What is this dispute all about?
My partner has been trying to learn Bulgarian
If private companies want to invest in designing and manufacturing of new brand smartphones and tablets - good.
Edit: We were the only country in Europe alongside with Denmark, who did not obey Hitler's orders and did not send its Jewish population
Begone
And here I thought the Germans were good at everything
Weekly
There was this concept of "European Nationalism" that somebody was talking about here a while ago.
Imagine not saying jokes because you might be imprisoned, tortured and killed
If you voice your differing beliefs that go against the dogmatic principles you're likely to get shut down
I wrote what are the main European worries at the moment - refugee crisis, terrorism, wars in the Middle East.
That's almost like a primitive UBI
I understand Scots perfectly,  I think that's why Middle English is easier for me
A country of ruins
I did not know about this beforehand.
> No Australia creatures
Very often if an ambulance is called from there, the doctors get beaten by mob of gypsies, aand....
I may have overreacted but I watched this National geographic documentary recently about typhoons and natural disasters of other kinds.
Britain has an interest of splitting up Eastern from Western Europe, so it can make separate deals with the West.
It follows the QWERTY layout (so A goes to A, E goes to E and say, Б goes to be, as it shares the same phonetic sound)
There are also some heathens in the middle that call them "sackche", but I pay them no mind because that's preposterous - there can only be two names for it
Sofia and literally every other part of Bulgaria
Are we categorising people or a geographical location
That is clear to everybody not least because of the ecstatic reaction in Russian media or his statements on Crimea.
Look at 2002 just before the reforms, 10% just like France
Or that sweet cheap labor, mhmmm good stuff.
Have left my home country years ago, but i am Bulgarian citizen and never applied for any other citizenship.
You are more like Pennsylvania maybe
Population here is concerned mostly duo to the fact that our health care is almost non existent even in peaceful times and it would easily collapse if something like Italy happens here
Turkish people are very helpful, in my experience
If you read the Schuman Declaration, which started the whole process, federalisation is indeed mentioned as a goal.
Cyrillic was made in Bulgaria
I'm up for it
Здравей, казвам се Джон. Приятно ми е да се запознаем! Откъде идваш?
Здравей, казвам се Джон. Приятно ми е да се запознаем! Откъде идваш?
That's some good shit right there.
Map says romanian word for Turkey has bulgarian roots, while you typed that bulgarian word for Turkey has romanian roots...what a mess!
if we somehow qualify we are screwed
Let me guess you voted for England(Scotland did not vote yes) to leave the UK
Yeah, actually watched some clips of it.
Even cheap shitty bullets will kill when fired.
The thieves oftenly use the money to build a lavish mansions, that oftenly end up burned to crisp by the relatives of those that had suffered
Well, there's some hope at least
The highways here are wonderful however and are at a much higher standard than the surface streets
I don't dislike the idea of being a teacher, but it's a lot of work for not a lot of money
A funny one for me is names
She isn't paid the same as Ronaldo because there are many biological researchers and there is only one Ronaldo
Would be "een leider"
It also has more people hating it because they've realised how toxic this relationship has been for their country.
And it seems all major parties are in the same boat
Removing people from their homes was a mistake, no matter whether they were Turkish or Greek.
>previous American leaders have always been very pro-European
Sure, not everyone, but not enough to warrant forcing it on everyone
You in the west don't use that word any more because you simply don't have that class of people anymore - you have "farmers", which is quite different.
Secondly, that's a matter of "is" vs "ought". EU citizens don't understand how the EU operates
It's one month here
Non of this was the reason USA invaded, they claimed Iraq had weapons of mass destruction, and invaded so Saddam wouldn't "use them" and guess what no weapons were found.Just serving USA's interests in the region
> Do Turks in Bulgaria now have all Bulgarian names
Closest I can think of is banitsa, but it's more like a dish, than small serving portions
Reasons:
Century, Bulgaria also received a major population boost by Bulgarian refugees coming from every single neighbouring country
Why does this travel take 3 days?
Haha...so far i haven't heard a Bulgarian to claim Nina Dobrev as ours.
When I was a kid and had never been abroad I imagined EVERY foreign country looked like Manhattan or downtown LA because my only exposure to the outside world was TV
Like I said, in my opinion NGOs should not exist anywhere (Not just Russia), they are too easy to abuse.
Literally the same as Mark
From a European point of view, the US looks more like a multi-ethnic empire than it does like a nation state.
Tsar Boris III,
They just don't like anything associated with the old system, especially the term it used to describe itself
Also I believe the industry and the government are trying to attract more foreign tourists because the Bulgarian will never pay 10-15 euros for umbrella and sun bed (if this is how it is called) on a beach that is suppose to be free for everyone
Also, if I'm not mistaken, that's similar to â and ă in Romanian but don't quote me on that
So, a train is the best way to travel if you value your comfort more than your time
Were they brown/was the area shitty?
The subterranean levels of the tomb are actually a fallout shelter with the additional infrastructure for preserving the museum's mummy
In fact, Trump has just pledged to end political limits on churches.
So your "point" is nonexistent.
I said Soviet-Bloc, Yugoslavia was not a part of that
It's very effective for  completely exhausting your child, making sure you don't have to help them study yourself, and keeping them in school while you're at work
Might have something to do with money
;) It actually is a Romanian site but it opened for Bulgaria couple of years ago.
The fracturing of parliament is a big thing.
I don't mind sharing if there is a valid reason - for example someone is looking for a similar job to mine and asks me what he should negotiate for
Don't be a shitty loser
So my guess is, and i read something about that issue, that the British government will do its best to make a comprehensive deal with the EU regarding that matter.
I don't know if this counts but men do get 15 days paternity leave, from the day the mother of your child is discharged from the hospital
Lazy or not, Greeks are inefficient and not organized at all.
We kind of stare, I've had foreign friends point it out as a bit weird
Bulgaria: He is a rat and a pussy.
After the Brits, Danes are the people who strongly oppose further EU integration.
Nah not offended, just don't get it.
-- corona virus, probably
Another hero had to concoct an elaborate plot to sedate and then blind the princess' demon kidnapper
Buddy I think we got the right to call ourselves that
Oh yeah, sorry, the government was appointed by blatant election fraud supported by the EU
Didn't know the home of D12 was that bad
Maintaining the current blockade will only push the North further into Turkey's orbit, and that will not serve the EU objective of integrating TCs into the European Union.
I doubt anyone actually believed there were countries where no one broke the law.
Damn, Turkey, what the hell
Conclusion: The country is in a serious crysis right now
* *sour red
What was wrong with my statements?
I read a few articles, but just fell in the rabbit hole and now nothing is clearer
And second, nobody is sending troops, jet fighters or military units to violate the turkish borders.
I get the problem with fake news, but I just don't see how this can be fought against using the methods from the article.
Even if they are they are probably still doing a lot more than most people, me (non-religious) and maybe even you
That combination gives a very huge boost for the Irish export, and as it is a small nation, their import should not be big.
However, they did not invent the cyrillic alphabet but the glagolitic alphabet
We merely want to make sure each product, including that specific jar of orange marmalade, complies to EU AND each Individual country's regulations.
We also pronounce Washington with a hard V - Vashington and we still use Bulgarian names for most cities in Northern Greece and European Turkey, most notably Thessaloniki is Solun and Edirne is Odrin
With the most recent decisions I'd say more and more countries will be wishing to leave
but maaaaaaybe with the whole genocide thing, such things are kind of to be expected.
A man of culture
If it is the second case, nobody stops anybody to change occupation or to invest in his/her knowledge.
Dry cold is worse for me, as i tend to sweat regardless temperatures if i do some physical activities and as body warms up quickly, dry air sucks all sweat very fast.
From my point of view the Catalans are evil !
> that French history is already so rich and complex that we just don’t have time to study the History of countries
On the contrary, the increase of the CSG hits the wealthy because it taxes CAPITAL gains, which is something I'm sure you're very happy about, right ? What about the "poverty plan" ? It's seen by the social sector as one of the best social plans ever written by a government, because it really tackles the root issues of poverty in France .
Yes, because the EU doesn't have the power to stop them unless the member states agree, and they won't when China and the US can bribe them individually
That focus makes it radically different.
Hey you're right in one thing
So, I imagine most people feel safe here, which is nice
We're kinda in the same situation
Too bad that Finland is not Russian anymore.
Black ones I can eat them as a snack, very mild and pleasant taste
Especially how you don't have the capitol of a 20m country but have Burgas, my hometown of 200k on the map
Yes...25% of the world GDP is in the United States.
I'm gonna need a name :)
Add a sword as well and you'll be fully prepared to fight for your country in the future British invasion.
The Mystery of Bulgarian Voices
There are plenty of parties to waste your vote on if you want to stick it to GERB.
Whatever way it develops from there is irrelevant to this fact.
- there you can find extravagant and or little but cosy restaurants and pay half the price
My language as i believe you can see the flair is not english.
That's very awesome of you, I can guarantee they will all appreciate it a lot
It's not like NATO forbids offence
There is no reason to accept any law, convention or charter that you do not believe in, same as you can oppose national laws or policies.
Lol try Georgian
My first thought is "he's like me, he's European".
It's a privilege we were given and in exchange we give Western Europe plenty of privliges ourselves, such as various Corporate monopolies through the Free Market that allow huge Western conglomerates to monopolize local industries around here.
Seriously, let's just imagine that this thing is happening(Turks don't get agressive please, no one is invading anything).
Partially thx to Stalin btw
that is only because of Greece, you know.
You can't do that
About the origin of chalga, I think it's generally accepted that it was invented alongside turbo-folk, although some sources like Wikipedia state chalga was first and that the citizens of Yugoslavia copied it
Who the hell is Miroslav Barnyashev?
I was with my grandma and was looking through her bookshelves
Fucking everywhere
Same here
Leaking debate questions happened.
Similar, but not the same, Bulgarian такова (standalone it can be something like "like that")
Newspapers and cigarettes are sold at fixed prices right now
PIIGS would have only shrink by 1% if they didn't have austerity/euro?
WE HAVE MOUNTAINS
I agree, it's an important distinction to make
Also, there is this great formation called Oratnitza which uses uncommon musical instruments and make music with motives from national folklore songs and a more "modern" sound
It means something like go to fuck yourself but it's used to refer to some distant place where one has no business
Some did work 12 hours a day, others not.
Can someone please explain this for a dumb Bulgarian
And this is just the economic side on a very basic level
All these years i could not understand if Eurozone member state was to default, should leave the Euro.
The rest is  to show what a truly offensive NATO would look like
The Greeks there were crazy about money and crazy about sex.
Hence your "feeling" i haven't actually got a solution to propose is false and your entire comment merely sounds like somone whose emotions were hurt by the fact i would suggest something you don't agree with.
You won't see elementary students going to private classes
Is it annoying
So, depending on whether it is a presidential or a parliamentary form of state, it is the either the president or the prime minister who is the wielder of the executive power, which he exercises with the ministers
Hahaha, how nice of you
At which point do they become "developed"?
A person who produces, displays, presents, broadcasts, distributes, sells, rents or otherwise circulates a pornographic material, shall be punished by imprisonment of up to one year and a fine from BGN 1,000 to 3,000
What you posted is pretty embarrassing!
at all times, even during the evening
If it did happen in the past, it can happen in the future.
Wait, how is Texas supposed to leave the EU...
And it takes 30 years of hard work and learning before someone can actually start forging catanas.
Sounds like some of our gypsy ghettos, so no big deal really.
Edit: That program was reinstated
He's actually resigned twice already and got reelected both times
With big head and a tie i would say it is a male.
I would trust a billion dollar AI a lot more than the incompetent drivers you can come across here.
We always wish the best for him but his manipulative ex wife convinced him to change his last name and turned him against us so now he cries foul when we try to remind him that we are family
There used to be a sculpture classroom that was basically treated as a pub
From what was reported in Bulgarian media, they found crates with bombs and ammo near his home in Belgrade, but no attack took place.
Good old race is whatever suits my argument.
largely in relation to the "refugee crisis" and their government in general
* if the parents can’t or won’t agree on a name by the third day after the birth, the clerk will choose the baby’s name for them and their choice can’t be appealed
Haven't heard of the other kind
Britain will leave the EU and that is inevitable.
I can't imagine anyone else being so out-of-touch with societal norms and culture, but I haven't been in France so I might be missing something
It's a little country of 300 million about to be called Utrumpia.
What is the other side of Charlie Hebdo supposed to mean?
Pyongyang - Pkhenyan
France needs a progressive corporate tax system like the UK
We're kinda in the same situation
However it is not often said that the Macedonian jews didn't have such luck and those who were saved were stripped of their properties and money
Bulgarians were very disappointed and even insulted over the treaty of London-1913 especially because Bulgaria and Serbia had a treaty signed of how to split the Macedonian region before the war broke out which the Serbs ignored after the war and instead just annexed all the territories which they had occupied.
He had a bad candidate there
As someone from Varna, even I can’t not chuckle at T-shirts that say “Make pLOVEdiv, not WARna”.
And this is relevant to my argument how exactly?
Just look at most university staff
some ppl actually take it seriusly
But it is still south and not so far from the Mediterranean.
We have a whole cathedral named after him
Uhh .. the quality is shit actually
Very true
In sure we've got some non - medieval stuff
I didn't serve in the military but I was apprehended by military security in the baracks next to my grandmother's for sneaking in and picking plums off one of the trees
Will decrease nicotine level one more time before easter and after that will start using 0% nicotine liquids, until i finally quit.
If you find Germany cheap, then Bulgaria will be disgustingly cheap :P
*holds up a cross*
For us Bulgarians that would be the Martenitsa, for health every March first until Spring
He can shovel his populism up his a*se.
Every generation has some idea it obsesses over to the point of irrational name-calling of its opponents and radicalism.
See [here] (the diagram near the bottom).
0000001% of their tax so you can be normal
> No Australia creatures
Could he be the bad guy and not his family as he claims
I could not understand the part of your post regarding irish women.
The EU needs better propaganda.
What you can do is to write an e-mail to the Commission, they are usually really helpful and fast with replies, especially when it comes to academic research.
Since we have A LOT OF bloody stupid people, two or three gypsy woman come and say "we're magicians and you have black magic done on your house.
You cannot change overnight customs that have been entrenched for thousands of years by just writing a law.
It's kind of hard to explain without making a huge overly simplified generalization but for example, imagine we're talking about food, right, and it's like burgers or steaks or something
Man you should visit the Balkans
In Bulgaria the Russophiles may cheer for him.
Retrospectively, I can EASILY call the majority of the time i've spent in high school absolutely wasted
In resume - We are target of massive propaganda done by Russia or pro-Russian (hired) political party in Bulgaria.
it says his main criticism was he failure to stop a factory from closing
I can imagine how outraged will be bulgarian teens if the country decides to reintroduce conscription.
Long walks in the nature, hiking and fishing.
There are genuinely a lot of bulgarians that share pro-russian political views.
Still DnD and Warhammer are not that popular, but now you can at least explain the concept and people will start to understand you
I had never visited before but I could tell a lot was going on and I can say that you are miles ahead of us, Bulgarians
You fold down the backseats and see if it fits if it doesn't you drive with you boot open
Looking at what Putin does to countries that try to join  the EU I can't imagine he'd be giving orders of friendship to a guy that's helping Serbia join it
So no worries, don't prepare yourself for fighting British invasion.
Turbofolk is usually what we call the 'pop folk' music of Serbia.
If I live, I will fuck them, if I die, they will fart on my dick
If people want to spend money for skins, let them do it
Part of the idea I think was to teach kids at very young age that they may be a boy or a girl and it pretty much doesn't matter biologically
It's an idea, a fairy tale, arguing it is the same as arguing theology - how many angels can fit at the top of a pin.
Just showing some basic respect and trying to at least greet people in their language goes a long way.
Decreased for 20 years with around 20k to 30k people
The same
I am a member of Yes,Bulgaria and if you are considering not to vote because of the polls showing us under 4, i'd strongly recommend for you to consider the fact that it's a 10 weeks old party, which is impossible to gauge in the polls.
I am not gonna answer anymore, cuz I am losing brain cells
(we produce or used to produce a lot of weaponry)
How come it is not a trade deal?
Can't think of much more than these though.
Most men who can grow one, do
I don't think most Eastern European countries are too keen on multiculturalism.
The current government is with less than 30% (both GERB and UP included) yet he's trying to waste time with grand national assembly
Bulgarian "happy" in the Netherlands
They'll take you on a free walk on the Czech Streets^tm
Hopefully after that Brits will not bother the rest of the continent with their special/different mindset/attitude.
To be fair to the two party system, it's much less likely that the party is a bunch of yes-men for Dear Leader and there is a lot of fractures inside those parties
* the name can be transliterated into Latin (for international documents) only under the rules of the Transliteration Act - the name Миролюба can only be spelled Mirolyuba in Latin
Once again, I am talking about electronics, which believe it or not are the same(just more expensive relative to our standard of living).
Are the trails there well marked?
Its because there is yet another stupid spy scandal thats why
Though, I don't think Russia would ever invade a NATO country
Another time he was in Baghdad and somebody was telling a pretty unbelievable family story relating to his grandfather
Haven't you been recently there :D
And what is large amount, a whole truck loaded with donuts?
So, supposedly, if you're attacked with a knife and you shoot, you're not self-defending
Think that a country or several countries will have to knock off some sense to the Turks and their political establishment.
Yeah I second that
I meant something completely different, which got nothing to do with being or not being welcome.
Your assumption of barring the UK from trade with the EU is completely ignorant and wrong.
I kinda like the openness without it and the possibilities for a fully pedestrian Battenberg Sq
I hate [Moussaka] and [Shkembe Chorba]
Personally I try to improve my odds of not getting the plague by:
Cinema center (Kinotsentar or Киноцентъра) in Sofia, Bulgaria
Only unfortunately thing is that they invaded the Balkans at the right time for them, when they divided between small princes after being raided by Mongols and had a plauge
> The state of Bulgaria
They are quite spacious as they are (waaay more so than a plane or a coach), and they are often also half-empty
There is no detriment to not learning, and there is no discipline
Aha, ok, then why am i being downovted?
It's 16th consecutive day we've been protesting here, we want the current political part, along with the prosecutor and prime minister gone, what about you
Eastern Roman Empire =/= Greece
A mix of healthcare and paid leave for vacation
well, Germany and Bulgaria have had some strong historic ties before.
Yeah, kinda
The author mentions on his Facebook page that he uses DJI Phantom 4 Pro.
However if you get it with the lowest TV package which separately costs 10 BGN it's still 40 BGN total so I get the internet for 30 and the TV for 10 either way
He-wwo Mr Putin uwu
Many people are just registered at there parents home, some even quite a few years, after they have bought their own
There used to be none, and now the place is littered with them, and police doesn't seem to care (she's been photographed several times by different people, so probably not hard to identify her)
Pretty weird to pick Julius Caesar of all people as someone who was hard done by history
Most importantly though the benefits of the Single Market for everyone are much bigger than EU budget contributions
Good job neighbors, fuck 'em, send them straight to jail
Paris or the actually country of France
France needs competitive universities
**Greece** - I love the culture of family and unity
Gang gang
By the way the guy that organized and collected the signatures for the referendum is the bulgarian david lettermen and if there are parliament elections comming and he makes a party there is a high chance he not only does very well but in my opinion win.
The running joke is that they only drive VW Golf, made to be as loud as possible, and enjoy beating each other up on a daily basis
I think they're just very proud people or something
An ice cream box  full of [sarmi] in the fridge
In Bulgaria, the conspiracy nuts even coined a term for people they think are funded by Soros - Sorosoid.
Most of the countries have their own charm.
I cover it with slices of white cheese, then kashkaval, and then some other kind of cheese on top of it like Brie if i have any.
It's a free market
Here almost nobody cares about the church except some nutjobs and nationalists
Yup, every year
Nikephoros I because we made a good cup out of his head
He's doing what tens of thousands of people within this institution are doing on a daily basis in over 6000 catholic missions around the world, helping literaly millions in need, yet people will say "i don't like the institution, but this one guy doing the exact same thing the institution is doing...i like him!"
Uuhhmm
I am vegan, but even before that i wasn't a huge fan of milk
The second part is worrying indeed.
The declaration of independence wasn't ruled illegal, because anybody can issue declarations.
Would appreciate recommendations as to where to stay exactly (hotel, city, what to do, where to eat etc).
Sharing is caring
I remember when the first private national-wide channel in Bulgaria BTV lunched in 2000 and they were showing some Asterix and Obelix animations all day long
Not really, he just says that to gain support from the russophiles.
I know Floridians are shocked when there's no AC in northern states, for example
I don't know of any specific job that gets called out like this here but there's a common saying that you should study hard so you won't have to work hard, which is wrong on so many levels
My office speaks in this weird Bulgaro-Franco-English mix it’s hard sometimes
Was the ISF an absurd tax ? Maybe, but at least it was that : a tax on capital
It would be incredibly interesting to see how it changed during the Cold War, especially in such key moments like 1968 and the 80s when the French socialist party adapted more "right-wing" economic policies
She is appointed by the Council (which consists of the EU's heads of state) and has to be approved by Parliament (which is directly by EU citizens).
Kids who lived outside the city always took the bus together
A few years ago when I was there Skopje didn't look like that.
Same stuff in Sofia in recent days.
What one can do is to apply to qualification center, where they will train you, including lessons from real teachers on the profession chosen.
I really thought you guys hated them even before Crimea
Prague or Istanbul
Well i'm just stating that's it's a bit hypocritical to sanction Russia if we didn't sanction USA and UK,and USA and UK actions lead to much more civil casualties and instabilites in the region.
You have fish stuffed olives there ??
He also increased the government share in Renault
Well, authoritarian actions
I've given four historical figures from three separate "eras" of Bulgarian history: Revival (before liberation); first Bulgarian kingdom/empire; modern Bulgarian state
Some people still do that, mostly in rural areas, but its getting rarer and rarer
For like individual Bosnian or other European Muslim immigrants it should be better, as their culture is closer to ours and they won't expect to get welfare, but there's basically no other Muslim immigrants coming here except the refugees.
The main known guy to have been part of this creation was Kliment
They aren't our rivals
It's pretty obvious the EU made the problem worse.
> This image is comparing apples to oranges
In early March and late November we can get -5 in the morning and 15 in the afternoon
That got nothing to do with strong or weak currencies.
Е браво бе
I think on both languages equally easy but for translate from one on another need put effort because structure very different
I swear it's so fucking weird seeing it like this
What are they proving in the middle of summer
" - oral sex
Would you, as EU voters and tax payers, support a push for the construction of such, allowing the Easternmost territories of the continental EU to reach Budapest in 5 hours by land transport, rather than 13
Very relevant to the current state of Europe, thank you for your input!
The USA was never even mentioned lmfao, don't get your panties in a twist because we dare have a discussion where we don't jerk off the US
I'd add that **-ski/ska** could also be applied to toponymic names, **e.g:** Ohridski (of Ohrid), Sofiyska (of Sofia), etc
Well at least in the Balkans it's very common
That is perhaps why you are so much against me expressing opinions about Cyprus, because it is a very good example of what happens to countries that try to destroy, assimilate, or expel their minorities.
Oh God
The thought process was - homosexuality was a crime that happened in  the capitalist burgueouase and in the glorious Communist state it doesn't happen, so it shouldn't be punished
In fact such a conjecture has the nice touch of being unprovable really
Nobody is bleeding them dry, this is just protestor propaganda at this point or a gross misconception that has naturally propagated across social media
it’s a special kitchen appliance for cooking/roasting red or bell peppers
Litterally the birthplace of the European civilization is not in the west.
Hold my yogurt
He's pissing a pile of shit
They will have to move back to UK, and as they are old, that will put the healthcare system at pressure.
It did a halfway decent job
In an attempt to save face, the video shows our pro-government media's (the most watched one) "response" to those claims - that this judicial attacks are due to "money laundering allegations" and bullshit like that
People think we speak Russian , the cyrillic alphabet is made in Russia or we are part of Russia
Frankly, if all those are freshened up and painted in warmer colors, the whole picture will look much much better.
Well the guys participated in the march are actually hitler's fans!
I don't know if you saw the thread in /r/AskReddit , but they pretty much cover everything that one should NOT do.
I believe you could (or at least back in the day, prior to the 90s) use your patronym instead of your family name
It's not helped by the long violent history of the continent.
Umbrella
You sound more Dutch then
The usual custom (pardon me) is to first define the goals one wishes to pursue, then to define the means to implement them.
Our entire modern world was built on this.
Really miniature and incredibly beautiful yellow flower, i am not aware the name of :)
Our typical "main news broadcast" is 30 minutes, 15 of which are events from Bulgaria and 15 - international news, so daily, the US gets
There are names that have variations tho:
How much tax will he have to pay on that amount?
a drinking cup
Depends, if you go back long enough two sets of names emerge, the slavic ones and the Bulgar ones
I'm moving from Bulgaria to Cologne
Are there any sub-saharan philosophers at all?
Правят - they (plural) are doing
The Bulgarian “ц” is like the English “ts”, German “z”, Czech/Serbo-Croatian “c” etc
It's a rock with holes in it, what did you expect
Like Frankfurt or Amsterdam
A male form for the moon exists which is also the word for “month”.
Even intelligent people who are a bit older have little to no information about the pros and cons of cannabis
It's not famous because its not rich, LUL.
Seriously though, that was a good response
Pop folk- a.k.a. chalga
Pretty much any fact of Bulgarian history would be widely unknown outside the country, probably except our joining the EU in 2007.
Unless you believe descendands should be punished for the crimes of their ancestors.
Idk about the others but no way Italians or the French have such high percentages
You do realise that the refugee crisis has no impact in France right?
Germany exported $1.4 trillion to the world, that can't be just to the EEA/EFTA.
More like the Zhirinovsky of Turkey.
On contrary, the turkish state have done that and continue doing it.
Instead what we have here are tasteless remarks and crude jokes about "remove kebap".
Yes this is insulting
Open faced sandwich with meat and/or cheese, topped with fresh cut tomato and some 'colourful salt' (popular mix of herbs and spices)
And stop acting as if the level of evasion is the same.
It can mean her in bulgarian
Maybe they can hire Mitsubishi/CAF to build a good automation
A significant amount of it is governed by Israel.
But lower than that I just can't keep my hands and feet warm (which is funny because I'm usually ok at 13-14-15 outside, as movement keeps me warm there)
Very major ones are rare but floods in particular have done a lot of damage in recent years.
I thought only about the religious reasons and the sexual desire with no education for pregnancy prevention.
This was made in 1912, at this point the white people living in Australia were both the majority, and had been such for a few generations.
Every winter when weather gets colder than usual homeless people freeze to death.
It means those 5 years in the university (degree in Bulgarian and English) and before that 7 years of watching Cartoon Network as a kid weren't a waste of time
>Nato has no legal morals,
I'd put Bulgaria in worrying results
Would it matter if you're a slave to Beijing or Brussels?
Do not underestimate the circumstances.
And he sings it like "champion" anyway
There is no good or bad side
pork chops
Meanwhile my country has over 50% illegal barbarian deforestation
The fact that the Turkish government supports the party is true in any case, high ranking members have openly campaigned for DOST.
Belarus Is Latest Target of Russia's Use of Oil and Gas as Geopolitical Weapons
Sure, there are some subjects that can absolutely be cut (like the second foreign language classes or IT)
That sort of mentality must change for good.
Visited Ochrid in Macedonia once.
I wonder what it be if for example your salary was 200$ and because of the hyper inflation at the end of the month you get the equivalent of 5$.
In Bulgaria it's mostly things like Adidas and Nike as well as smaller brands
Unite Bavaria, Austria and Switzerland and have the ultimate Alpenrepublik
The states and the UK for sure.
i was just about to say it, thanks for making it easier for me
Wealthy nations, especially Luxembourg, part of the floodplains of the southern edge of the continental ice during the last Ice Age
What support
If anyone is interested, i can send the pictures as well as pictures taken while hiking the mountains of Karpathos.
Britons may have never seen the EU as vision of creating a block of countries sharing values and freedoms, but it's where EU is heading on.
- On behalf of Bulgaria
If you can understand something with the help of google translate you can read on [this]
He avoided all debate before 1st round.
Naval history, amazing fortifications, beautiful mix of old and new architecture, a pretty church, lovely people, tall ships, historic Dutch barges, delicious food, awesome locals, free parking, a yatchs on the lake, even the police were cool
Not saying that it's a bad decision to have a minimum basic income, and I'm glad that you're such a social country, but if these 550€ are soon given to everyone unemployed, I really hope there will be strong measures against exploiting the system.
12 is considered by muslims scholars who are, you know, defending their religion.
You are absolutely in your right, and with the all respect to this ancient and tasty tradition, to eat even more than 2, cause i am absolutely sure, there are some other disrespectful Poles not stuffing themselves with donuts.
Only difference is that Serbians used to kill the people who wanted independence while Ukrainians silenced them
Middle names also end the same way but they usually come from you dad's name
Abrams movies, but that's about it.
To do that against the laws of your countries while holding such a high post speaks immensely.
Being a slave, probably
> We are a split country
Refugees selling the food given to them at refugee shelters
Lmao, the birth place of colonialism, fascism and every other vile ideology gets tarnished reputation thanks to EE.
&#x200B;
I think it's some percentage of the salary.
I would like to think most of the greeks really stand with the women in the picture and their demands expressed on the posters.
I am not "proud" of such things, but putting that aside, [karakachan]#tbm=isch&q=karakachan+dog) is a pretty cool dog and one of the oldest breeds in Europe.
Slavi Trifonov - Gleday kak se pravi]
Probably second to our Chalga^^TM .
Does being morally superior include sacrificing the safety of your own citizens?
Excellent summary
Example: I want to return to Barcelona
fun fact: it's true, read more ya greekz
The outrage in /r/europe would be universal across the board.
Interesting, and do the people, whose salaries you ask about in the tax office, get notified about it
Well i would also prefer the rout of not letting USA bombing some countries only to support their SA allies in the ME and creating a massive bloody clusterfuck, but oh well not everybody gets what it wants.
Could have been photo of my grandma as well :)
One of these is not like the others
**Grades 8 - 12:** your longest break is still after the third class, and your classes are now usually 7 per day, 6 if the Gods are merciful
AND MAKE SURE TO UPDATE US ON HOW IT GOES
I've given four historical figures from three separate "eras" of Bulgarian history: Revival (before liberation); first Bulgarian kingdom/empire; modern Bulgarian state
Boris Johnson, Donald Trump, Vladimir P... Well maybe not him, but you get the point
He is the face of the state mafia and the country is going straight to a shit hole because of it
Because the British Parliament is a disnfunctional mess, that's why
It is ironic that he does not pay as much attention to the Circassian genocide to which his own people were subjected not too long before the massacre of Armenians.
>Saying that Turkey attacks "Kurdish people" when fighting PKK/YPG is like saying that US attacks Afghans when fighting against Taliban or Muslims when fighting against ISIS
At the end our lives are momentary, and we'll be just another era of idiots even if we die in the process, big deal, but dooming the planet is just a dickmove, and something that obviously doesn't concern the most powerful man on Earth
It was invented in the USA by an American, who had Bulgarian father
It's nice and clean but is it just me or does it look like a terrible place to actually read
Long story short, "Turks bad".
I'm sure there must be some but that doesn't automatically make you relations better does it
I would say that Italian also holds popular along with Russian for some parts of the students
On the continent however, there are much bigger problems at the moment - refugees, terrorism and wars in the middle east.
I don't believe you can legaly stone a gay in Western Christian country, but for muslims i can think of one or two.
Also, why would Turkey try to attack us
My grandfather taught me to write like that, he called it Blockschrift
в две хубави очи; - музика - лъчи
What is even Europe
All important taxes/tariffs have an effect, no matter how small
They only looked after the ESA asked them to because they found 3 planets.
They can be eaten raw, pickled, baked, fried and boiled
Am triggered
He's not President yet, and people on both sides are judging him already.
One of my Finnish friend claims that Swedes call Finland "Sweden's retarded little brother".
In normal circumstances everyone minds their own business and is friendly to each other...
That way you can have Boyko, Radev, and all the other clowns as well.
I a missing for Belgium
In a country as diverse as Russia, ethnic nationalism is inexcusable
Spelling bees are pointless in Bulgaria
Turkey is not in Europe and not in the EU why the frick are you even posting things about it
He was heavily influenced by the French revolution and the American revolutionary war and organised resistance in Bulgaria
Others are Belgrade(done that, can't recommend), Thessaloniki and Istanbul
Or as Harvey Dent said it " *You either die* a h*ero*, or y*ou live long enough* to s*ee yourself become* *the* v*illain*”. Well Botev died a hero
After all Russia lost the Cold war and will soon lose the new economic war again
But why the fuck would they work if the get more money for doing nothing compared to my mom working as a teacher.
So, if Western Bulgaria issues a declaration of independence tomorrow it would be legal, but it doesn't mean the region is automatically independent.
I don't enjoy seeing dudes spreading lies while these regimes slaughtered millions in brutal ways, ways we don't kill animals now
3: Final vote if it should be accepted
Boyana Church - A 10-12th century church with some very well preserved medieval frescoes
Eh Bulgaria has the cheapest booze but same goes for salaries
Easy to understand tax code, easy to understand laws and websites by the government that are user friendly and explain all the necessary bureaucracy in a straight manner
We actually have two different words depending on the origin of the loanword - чуждици [chuz'ditzi]° which is used for words that existed in Bulgarian, essentially replacing a Bulgarian word and заемки [zaemki], which is used for words that did exist in Bulgarian
All peoples deserve to have their own country where they can rule themselves and write their own laws.
The mass exodus of Turks
Keeping cultures separate is what creates peace and diversity.
Anyways, Kalmyks are leftover of mongol invasion in european plains.
Like many of the people who comment I'd say that speaking the language should be a requirement for citizenship
> only a beacon of hope to their own citizens
Teachers of subjects that may become optional are worried about their future
Europe does not have that luxury.
Or just close the borders and detain (or shoot in extreme circumstances) anyone that tries to enter illegally.
dang
Except Germany has been calling for a stronger euro and an end to QE which is keeping it weak.
Yeah, i can totally agree with you
Btw, one conspiracy I believe in is that all of this outrage is fueled by Russian propaganda
Problems doesn't necessarily mean oppression.
Since April, Serbia is our only neighbour that isn't a member of NATO
You've got it down pretty well, I'd say the problem with your gf is that she probably doesn't want to be convinced.
The two are very distinct although Putin lovers love to conflate the two.
against the weight of his father's head
You can still have a high standard but not be absurd
The solution is to make fundamental changes in your financial systems?
Soo ,yeah North Macedonia
At one point of Russian history we asked vikings to come and rule us because even though our land is enourmous it is  completely orderless
So Bosnia does have better paying jobs but good luck getting one.
I know right, do these fuckers expect NOT to get nuclear missiles on their borders when they dare do such vile things like reporting on Russia?!
Whaaat
Old castle and a bridge over river.
So these churches are real, and while I cannot be 100% sure about the rule, but I also don't see any other reason for the weird churches
Anything is possible and i can assure you that there is a growing Russian sentiment in Eastern Europe as well as growing anti-Western movement.
It's somehow funny when I think about it, but I never thought about going to Albania, and I'm sure it would actually be great...
Our language is like 97% phonetic and with the Cyrillic being created for it, makes differences between spelling and pronunciation rare
If we kept winter time, in the summer the sun would rise at 4:00-5:00, which will mess with a lot of people's sleep
There are many
Just look at the graph that says "Percent change from preceding quarter".
Like a populist opinnion would be rent controls for instance, but empirical evidence has shown that it doesn't work and economic theory supports that finding
[Georgi Rakovski] - same
Save my account name and contact me in 5 years
It alps gets blocked if I use it in more than 1 country in 1 day, or if I withdraw more than $1000 in a 24 hour period.
> lots of small (between 1000 and 3000) villages
Investments in public transportation, infrastructure, social services, education and science are up or at least have remained constant
I just don't like making other people uncomfortable, because I hate being in such situations myself when other people make me feel like the way you were treated
A basic tax to keep an army and police in place is what protects peoples rights, not progressive taxes put in place to upkeep large burreaucracies or redistribute wealth thorugh wellfare programmes.
Having balls means being brave here too although there is a good thing called "боли ме хуя/boli me huya" directly translates "my dick hurts" means "I don't care"
Such agreement can only be made only if large american companies can benefit from it.
As i am the one who posted the greek picture, will tell you immediately - the green trees you see are actually olive trees.
smacks lips
What I don't get is why they distrust what **everybody else** is saying, because it's the same thing
Oh yeah, I remember that signature look of superiority and subtle sense of contempt when you say "We're just looking around
What a myopic shit propaganda regurgitator you are
Children under 7 travel free and bikes and pets are allowed on all trains (bike ticket is 1€ regardless of the destination), and there are also various other types of discounts like return tickets, small group tickets and so on
Plovdiv - Very chill and relaxed, beautiful city , close to any holiday destinations from Greece to the Black sea or a mountain holiday however wages are disgustingly low unless you have a very high education but at the same time everything is cheap anyway
We have different forms of pronouns for direct and indirect object.
In Bulgaria we even often even say "Happy first Snow!"
Your nation has a sovereign state, ergo is free from being a minority within another.
Free discount cards are issued to all students (incl
Unexplained downvotes - "what's up with thaaaa" ahahahaha
You "only" have to cross Russia to get to China.
Can you just wear shorts and no top during the summer, or does it not get hot enough for that?
Not walking around with a jacket during February would've been like a fairy tale for me before
Anyways, i prefer ladies, starting to learn swedish right now :P
Who the hell is Trump to tell BMW where it should or should not build a factory and even threatens the German company?
Yeah, places like the Cotswolds are really beautiful, more so than London even
The man on their flag is [Ocalan] the PKK leader.
Of course I think the ideal is for everyone to be fed
I've been in classes as small as 23 and as big as 30
So like the french pronunciation of croissant but with a "sch" instead
I don’t think there’s a single Bulgarian who cannot sing along to at least the chorus (even though I’m sure many are ashamed to admit it), and I’m I’m talking from toddlers to retirees
I do go hiking as well, in fact tomorrow will be in the mountains, and i prefer more...unspoiled paths.
I really hope they improve on these things in next year, because we could have much better tourism than now
They make everything last instead of replacing things when they break
Definitely don't want a repeat of that history.
Death to monarchy
Or if you like ancient history, go to East Rhodope - there are dozens of ancient temples, fortresses, very well preserved Roman villa
That means there will be a difference between how EU citizens visit the UK and how they visit the countries in green
Which is absurd when we're talking about the center of Berlin, not some remote village in the forest.
Think of it as a healthier, salty rather than sweet, pepper instead of tomato-based ketchup, and it is delicious
That being said, prices for basic stuff like food etc
We separate the thousands with intervals and use both dots and commas for the decimal
Funny thing is because Sweden has the loose definition of rape that they have it's actually impossible to compare them to other countries
I would've been equally as triggered if it said "Greek feta is the best
The ONS cut its estimate for growth in 2016 as a whole to 1.8%, down from the 2% it forecast last month.
I believe Turbo was sold all around the Balkans (we had it in Bulgaria too)
Now it's probably speculation whether they expected or hoped something like this to happen, but at the very least there was gross negligence
Oh no, actually no
They are delicious
Death by
I use Moovit, which is an app, that helps u when catching your bus or subway and tells you when and how to catch it
In Czechia they are in the process of removing some of them now
Borissov got upgraded
Just respect the local culture
Press your tongue to the roof of your mount and make a (slightly nasal) sound
Investment is not aid
Very true
In Bulgaria it's a bit different, as these Turks have been our neighbors for a long time, and have lived here since Ottoman times.
I trust them the most (or as much as I can anyway) and I see a good representation for myself in them.
Yes
Idk how these videos came out of such a homophobic country lmao
It's mostly true for Bulgaria as well
But I haven't been using it much due to too much work.
I personally think that this stuff should be said at 16 and not 7
One good system is to use high school to focus on the individual skill of every student and tone down the other subjects like: Student has shown better grades or just general interest in mathematics during elementary and middle school and worse grades/less interest in languages
Also Thessaloniki had a substantial Jewish population prior to WW2.
I'm from central-west)
Children as early as 12 years old are smokers, and this is not being regulated at all, or even addressed
Imagine the view from up there
2020, free movement of people between those three still exists
Controversial person named Stefan Stambolov who did some shady and almost dictatorial-like shit in the late 19th century
Knowing how much air governing bodies hate fun, this is pretty great
I like liberal societies which protect their citizen's civil rights and freedoms
Just New Year's Eve
Not like some bravehearth stating something without thinking it trough.
And that that is insulting to women because
In fact there's almost no immigration to Bulgaria no matter the religion.
Everything was everyone's at some point!
Serbia is part of China's "Belt and Road" initiative, and CCP are exploiting that fact to the max
Keep in mind it's written in Cyrillic.
You guys are in EU accession talks.
It would be very interesting indeed to see what will be in the present plan.
It's a very melodic and beautiful language, but it really depends from sentence to sentence whether I can get the meaning or if it's complete gibberish to me
Still doesn't excuse the invasion, nor the meddling in the countries next to Iraq from then till now
Top search of all time in Bulgaria in English: how do I look
But that's such a wated potential for human progress.
Jesus fucking Christ, the absurd obtuseness these idiots have.
If the choice was between Malmö and Stockholm or Gothenburg that is an easy one, don't go one of the latter two
Employment levels in Britain are at an all-time high, fuelled by the biggest surge of foreign-born workers since the expansion of the European Union.
It is simply *not true*. It doesn't happen in every country, and even when it happens, it is nowhere near the astronomical scale it happens in the EU
And I was worrying that my grandparents are burning their plastics trash
I think most Bulgarians see Macedonia as our little brother rather than a rival
We knew this back on July 16th:
At no point in this election did anyone give a shit about policy, he would have been fine.
What
Can anyone explain why is the Polish govt doing this
6 months (or one full semester) is required, and finding a position is entirely up to you, but companies have strong policies in favour of interns
There are constantly news of ugly situation around the world but for some reason this shit made me insanely mad and sad at the same time.
I have had quite a few people ask me how much I make out of the blue and my answer depends on how close they are
4 million people voted for them
1,000,000,000 - милиард (milliard)
I've done that a few times (in different bars) and there was no reaction, the barman was just " here you go boys, have fun" . So , I don't think there will be a different  reaction than this .
The heavy handed policing, the number of taboos ...
However, Bulgarians mostly identify parties by their leader so it's not too different from a direct vote for a leader
There is a government committee that sets the price of electricity
I simply don’t get it
This should be fun
Our entire language has Greek origins so yano
Privacy who needs that, right
Had one crazy late snowfall a couple years ago around mid-April, if I remember correctly
Western Europeans: Start the greatest war to ever grace the Earth
Transcribed to Latin script: „Pamopazhesh pali pada pagopavoparish patapaka
Also politico has a list of the 42 demands, that I think was first shared by the economist reporter on twitter
It is generally agreed that "to rig" means "to manipulate dishonestly for personal gain".
I bet it would have been still on the top if the pig posted it on facebook.
The quick blood tests that most laboratories use are hypersensitive, so they often result in a "false positive". They are designed like this to make sure that they will catch even the slighest infections, but when they missfire on a negative person, they tend to scare them a lot
As a teacher you can't really impose discipline anymore
Yeah, no, I'd rather take some obscenely large pickup trucks than US food
Last Sunday was Orthodox Easter, so we had a day off last Friday, are having one today and are going to have another one tomorrow
There has always been fringe weirdos talking about seceding from the country, but there hasn’t been any actual momentum, because they’re not real
Well it is absolutely true, but in my mind we should increase efforts to fight both things as much as humanly possible.
We can't bring them back to Turkish soil.
>and it’s on a river
So I'm not sure
Bulgaria doesn't have good train connections tbh
(Of course depending of the city you're in)
The hottest dispute rn is Bulgaria vs North Macedonia and we haven't killed each other much since WW2
In a lot of cases both women and men are pressured to do things they initially didn't agree on
Bulgaria uses that too
Although in russian no rigid structure, can build sentence different ways and all they will be correct
Why are there so many stupid and gullible people here is another question
Help tech startups with some no tax incentive, they will hire young people from University and if they succeed they will bring more in tax over time than the initial bonus
For example: my friend was retelling a conversation with their grandmother, and the punchline was that their grandmother was asking them  something, and the final answer was "I don't throw beans
Whether we have is [up for interpretation] but personally I wouldn't say Bulgaria's claim to this is the worst one out there
If many of the muslims which were migrating to Europe 30 years ago wanted secular lifestyle and education for their children, contemporary migrants are not like them.
In the US, a garbage disposal “In-Sink-Erator” is super common
Tell me some about the Bulgarians :P
I agree
2) Sheep often end up on the highway and if you hit a sheep, you have to pay for it, and the farmer gets to set the price
So unless you come to Bulgaria for sex or alcohol tourism, let's pretend it doesn't exist, okay~~
So the Romanians left a pretty large garrison and focused on fighting in the east with Germany and Austria-Hungary.
Purge, you might as well call it ethnic cleansing.
Middle school - You build a little bit more on the basics and teachers start to keep an eye on every student - in which subjects they are lacking and at which they are good
Westerners: Bulgaria isn't in the balkans
Pretty, but traps all the air pollution.
There's a coffee machine, and that's about it
It really is my default
No, they're people of their word
4 million
It's history after all
Also that Saints Cyril and Methodius were Bulgarians who invented the Cyrillic alphabet
They want change but change won't come from the leftists, only destruction
Everything is both populated and synthetic
I have yet to see clear evidence.
I work about 25h a week at an art store, I get to use the wifi and read books when it isn't busy
Also done before the protest
At the same time, one can only wonder, how long can the Bulgarian people deal with mostly the same problems (if not worse) and not raise their heads, signaling they've had enough.
This would mean I will have to go for the Italians and maybe Tiziano Ferro - [Perdono] Zucchero and Eros Ramazoti are great as well.
Croatia had 3.4% growth in 2016 which is pretty nice and I think the 2017 estimates are in the same ballpark.
Shes actually worried and he's so stupid he thinks shes just teasing
Much like brexit, no one has a clue what they are voting about.
They kept the name Artillery park from the former military brigade that was housed there
It shows how much trust German people have in Putin-the-Tall and Trump-the-Clown.
So it's not only us then
By that definition Eastern Europe is basically Russia/Ukraine/Belarus.
The rest is on old lines, designed for speeds of 65 kmh and partially upgraded to 85-90kmh but that speed is only theoretical
Traditional gowns and braids of the Pomak village of Startsevo, Bulgaria
We use them to store our glorious kompots and other stuff.
Member of ALDE, EU MEPs vote accordingly
I see a Romanian here also claiming insulin
What is the terminology of the Russian propaganda machine in your country?
It literally is though
I was living nearby the northern seaside and disliked it
I did get into trouble with a friend once over this passiveness of mine
The state monopoly over these prevents that.
We have 10 [UNESCO world heritage sites] 8 historical, 3 natural
Use it maybe once a month for big stores like Ikea or for a day trips to places around city
Everyone being rich, cultured/rude, racist and probably more I've heard
The affirmative forms "пука ми" (It's popping on me) and  "дреме ми" (it's napping on me) emerged from the negatives to mean "I do care", but are now used mostly sarcastically, so both the negatives and the affirmatives mean "I don't care".
I met two of you on a brigade in the USA of places, we could understand each other pretty well, though I have heard we have it easier understanding you than you us.
The choice whether you would like to extend your internship (either continue in your previous company or find another) is also up to you but not opposed by the university
Don't worry, it's a common misconception
(or any organization for that matter)
Well, nobody was particularly fond of him and he was disappointed, because in the US he would have been (supposedly) applauded for this talent
As a Bulgarian, I can tell you I understand Russian much more easily than Belorussian.
Ah, yes, my favourite "educational" channel growing up
Students and staff could face disciplinary procedures if they fail to adhere to the language policy
Anyway since I don't feel cold or hot it must be between 23 and 27°C. That's my most comfortable range
To be fair, I'd sooner tug it to Minecraft porn than to British chav porn.
No idea how
> Romania OK results
He isn't even my idol , the only thing i like about him is that EU nations will see we need to be more separate from the US
Funny how China comes in, gives no aid, provides some small (relatively to European ones) investments that are also predatory and gets 10 times more goodwill from that
With any luck winter will be totally gone in a few years
I would have said [Alexander Nevsky Cathedral]
Maybe the user tried to relate to national *catastrophes* which is a bit different term.
These kids are too old for that "study hall" option
But financial support and stability is the point of the EU
Woo hoo...don't these people eat any donuts in the rest of the days?
In fact, no country in the world has that right by your logic.
Your poll information is a little wrong and misleading.
Also this one:
*disappointed Bulgarian sigh*
What really cost is rent, visiting dentist, health insurance, other services related with your house and so on.
They are on the news every time this happens and when the reporters talk to them they start talking in turkish or wait for some of the ones knowing bulgarian to translate.
is OK, prime Ruski tourists are back this year.
Punishment for punishment's sake exists for justice boners only.
His job is to negotiate the Brexit terms on the EU side.
I'd never live to see a decent translation to Bulgarian, except maybe if I do it myself
Greeks can have their history back though.
Although basically every big city here had a Roman settlement once, though some are even much older than that
Of course, corrupt politicians aren't interested in that, but to profit from the situation.
He's our chief prosecutor and reports to no one while all other prosecutors report to him so he has unlimited power over who gets prosecuted
They both had powerful executive officials that could pass what effectively amnounted to legislation on their own.
Isn't it effectively the same in Switzerland's case?
The winter I was born, the Danube river froze
„Human rights” is simply a modern euphemism for the historic notion of „Natural rights”.
Gorgeous shot, thanks for sharing =)
It seems that Macron's liberalization reforms actually did help the unemployment rate
USB 3
So any reform be it education,labor or tax is met with unions,students or residents stopping it
It is the Greeks that don't want to officially default on their debts, so they will continue their game as long as possible and when troika says - we had enough of you guys, Greek state will not have any other choice but to...default.
I'm surprised how Bulgaria is sometimes called an empire since we've never had an emperor, only tsar/knyaz (khan before that)
Ever since then, i have been employed excluding the time i wanted long holidays.
Netherlands where I reside
Yet you fail to provide an argument to backup your claim
Tomatoes, peppers, onion, garlic, carrot....
Окей has been integrated in Bulgarian vernacular for decades
Do you realise Lithuania is not the West?
Sort by new and you'll see at least a hundred triggered people talking about rape and ignoring everything else
I know this gets repeated a lot here, but are there actually documented instances where people committed "suicide"?
Or at least
Location, southern Greek island of Karpathos.
Might have something to do with money
This depicts my feelings towards monkeydonia very accurately
they are the same here (in Bulgaria) - super arrogant.
A new Balkan war probably involving more than just Greece and Turkey.
I actually don't mind if UK-EU visas are reintroduced in the future.
All are valid concerns, there is for certain a lot of work left to be done to catch up with the west
Every Bulgarian and Greek has experienced a "difference in perspectives in the historic events" with North Macedonia
It would be foolish not to consider Portugal with its access to ports they can easily deliver to plenty of European countries and there's also the roads and other infrastructure.
Varna is the so-called sea capital, Plovdiv gets a lot of new investments ever since the highway in the South was built (the highway Sofia-Varna has been in construction for 46 years; yep, you read that correctly)
- Four one-bedrooms (~70sqm) in an average area - [example]
Edit: it's called Darkest of Days
They were rich as fuck
and find them delicious
I'm not saying there's no corruption, and we shouldn't express our *rights* in the democratic process - but that these protests began after a legitimate investigation concerning our president having classified documents in his posesion - while not having the respective military clearance
The total market is the important one, unless we are talking about ferrari, Rolex and other luxury goods.
I learned at 21 years old
* Boris - who converted Bulgaria to Christianity
To the Pakistani – the “muslim civilization” even if he doesn’t believe, same as to the American from Bumfuckville it’s “The Western Civilization”, which happens to overlap historically with most of the Christian World.
Its very scary but most people dont care, which i find very dumb
Geographically and culturally it is firmly situated in the Balkans
As far as I know it's used to clean the deck.
15 percentage points less in debt to GDP ratio.
Idk I haven't heard anything about Czech being hard or Bulgarian being easy
EDIT: What
Bulgarian communist party secretary intended to make Bulgaria the 16th republic of the Soviet Union, the plenum unanimously approved Todor Zhivkov's proposal
I really thought you guys hated them even before Crimea
Bring it to Netherlands and buy the same from you local LIDL.
Sekund, I'm uzing the "u" preh-seed-et end fowoud by ah consonant lettur too meik the „Ъ (ъ)“ lettur's saund
And he sings it like "champion" anyway
Hmm, why can't you vape with them?
Has Fascism suddenly take hold of the minds of tens of millions of Europeans like magic?
The US system has the same problems except they affect the majority rather than the minority.
I have the power of God and anime on my side
Well, that's maybe North Macedonia, but also our neighbours can be rivals too, but Greece are rivals with Turkey; Romania are with Hungary; Serbia are with Croatia and Bosnia
Also a bit of garlic with the onion for rice
Plus it's kinda hard to fear-monger people from other countries/cultures etc when you meet those people and find they are just normal people the same as anyone else.
We prefer the handshake in those cases and a hug for (close) friends.
Radiation levels are ''OK'' at most of the places in Pripyat, except near the Hospital or the Red forest
Well good thing for you that no one knows shit about lithuania to make posts about you :p
Colonisers took that from them and for centuries they were nameless slaves
Bulgarian has a certain lexical and grammatical richness to it that I can't get enough of, not to mention our colloquialisms and proverbs
Ooh
Now i see you just meant he might be a "weaker candidate" in the eyes of the masses compared to Le Pen.
Im sure if such thing happes the taxes will be increased too.
Terminal 1 (if that's the one you mean) will be demolished soon
In Bulgaria, we have a layout called Bulgarian Phonetic, which basically maps out the Cyrillic letters to a corresponding latin character
Based
Heh, the Swedes got themselves a nice beach :)
Yeah, there was such article posted on r/europe.
We went out to a amusement park and this friend of mine told me I should pay the tickets because this other friend of mine wasn't that rich
Though, it depends on the age of the building
Investments in public transportation are up, investments in education are up, the science budget is up,investments in infrastructure are up
Can confirm
>Saying that Turkey attacks "Kurdish people" when fighting PKK/YPG is like saying that US attacks Afghans when fighting against Taliban or Muslims when fighting against ISIS
Ofc people eat certain things more often for dinner and other stuff for breakfast but calling it "breakfast food" or "dinner food" is not a thing.
An absolute nightmare to park but really beautiful nonetheless, as with the rest of the island.
Displays and rims, that is all.
People love to hate on the biggest cities for some reason.
Surely you can't think that's good for the average person
The Jews in Bulgaria had a pretty bad time during the war (forced labor for men, property confiscations) but almost all of them avoided deportation and survived
Erdogan calls for fair, transparent elections in Bulgaria
Congratulations, you played yourself
Some times in reverse order
On contrary, i think it'll rather be short and divorce will be loud and messy - that what scares me.
Ye I thought for a long time that this guy is romanian immigrant because he always has something to say about the country, especially on the topic of roma people.
Or maybe the EU can send a similar person as an ambassador the US.
Edit: Am blind, didn't read title
Is the new Romanian government as bad with the economy as they are with corruption?
But the worst thing is that they are completely unashamed seeing them laughing like that.
Technically you have to be at least 10 over for it to be punishable so 149 is fine and really they only start caring at 20 over because the fine for 10-19 over is only €25 so 159 is more like the real speed limit
ДПС is predominantly an ethic party, which is illegal under the Bulgarian constitution but they claimed that they were a liberal party to get around this
The EU parliament issuing a warning would carry more weight.
I walk my dog with them on sometimes
That's barely a drop compared to how many people will vote.
Another hero had to concoct an elaborate plot to sedate and then blind the princess' demon kidnapper
But still a program for sexual education in a school in a bulgarian city got suspended a few days ago because one mother complained about it, even though her kid isn't enrolled in it and even though parents whose kids are actually in the program have nothing against it
Wow didn't expect Belgium to be above the UK and almost France with just 11 million people.
Big brothers have been an exception, strangely enough
There is no objectively good answer in politics, because if there was, we'll just have a cast of scientists leading the world with their cold and objective science and not little group of democracies disagreeing on fundamental principles like how the economy should work and what objective is the most important in a given situation
The streetcar in question is 115 years old, it's not a common sight.
Your entire above premise seems to be based in the very soviet-era notion of a One State, One Part, One People.
Masks are obligatory and very widely worn in the Metro, trams, busses or other public transport
Trump's ego is too expensive for Putin to afford so he must be using other methods.
Tzatziki = Greek salad
X voivoda: I'm leaving the name blank but voivoda means leader of a haiduk group
Only one and it is the ring road around the coast
I played A LOT in the street with friends, marbles, skating, climbing trees
They used to be the precursors of the Shengen, because they generally had cross-border agreements before it (not sure about that)
>Government proposes 2% increase to research ministry’s cash allocation for 2019
Don't let the anti-abortion BS fool you, this is censorship plain and simple.
I have a 50% discount that costs 35€ which allows me to buy return ticket to the other side of the country for 17€
It baffles me that these people would kill over cartoons and criticism, yet not bat an eye when some countries are basically exterminating their fellow muslims
Idk man, I'm freezing up here in Scotland
Maybe today they teach it
I can understand if you wish to be in the EU but not pay anything to other members
Belgium, Denmark, Portugal, Spain, Norway, Italy, Austro-Hungary and Sweden also had colonial empires
It has worked for millions and not worked for millions of others.
The proper translation would be "Roman Administration of Southern Cyprus".
Point is, u/Harvery is using devices produced for any market, including the British one.
>Sometimes also exterminate
First name - just a regular first name
NM - let's just get rich first and stop the bleeding of our people
In Bulgaria that number would be around 25-27 if I can judge by my own experience
Because if person A does not feel like a freeman in his/her own country, than whatever the masters is waving an Indian, American or "EU" flag is irrelevant.
It is reasonable because of bread/rice/pasta.
California will probably blow everyone else out of the water.
Also don't know if it's just me but I feel like humidity is higher this summer
(They'd tell him where they moved a piece, and he'd tell them where to move one right back, etc
Not the pathetic 1000 people - first to gobble up Russian anti-government propaganda and pretend to be "the entire nation"
Some of the fruits of the (most probable source) foreign political propaganda in Bulgaria:
Can't think of anything like that in our cuisine
In Europe however things are a bit different.
Montenegro - we call it Černa Gora (Черна Гора)
Todor Zhivkov
>but still refuse to learn the language of their country just because of their bullshit ancestry
Tsar Simeon the great
Turks are ashamed of their own flag.
The radiation cloud was in the air and blown over Europe.
And the team as a whole
But immigration is the only way to keep a stable workforce and GDP if the birth rate falls below 2.
The prosecution "couldn't find" a link between him and the bank
I mean, could you imagine having to go through a roided up version of Youtube's Content ID every single time you try to post a meme
Some of them work (semi-legally?
She trying to imply that football players are more valuable than researchers
For Bulgarians it's Macedonian and Serbian
Here almost nobody cares about the church except some nutjobs and nationalists
I hope Trump makes enough of a fool of himself by April to discourage people from voting for such populists.
We've forgotten the crackers
Their language's vocabulary and grammar are both very different from any Indo-European language so practically any foreign language will be hard to learn
You are such a delusional tool.
Then Kaloyan continued after them and defeated the Latin empire that had taken over constantinople
In Europe alcohol plays a much bigger part of meals, be it wine, beer or even some spirit.
That means something like "ringers" right?
There has always been fringe weirdos talking about seceding from the country, but there hasn’t been any actual momentum, because they’re not real
In what universe is Asian not a race
I am not sure but i think it was "gotov ili ne , az idvam". Havent played the game in years so i am not 100% if that was the phrase
There are people in Bulgaria who have this weird nostalgia about communism and a particularly retarded portion of them wishes death (work) camps would be reinstalled because yeah, that will show all people I dislike!
And allthough usual railroads are "iron road", "zheleznaya doroga", narrow gauge is uzkokolejka - narrow grooves
Automakers have made their cars a lot safer in the past 10 years or so but that doesn't mean anything if poor people can't afford a newer car and drive an ancient hunk of metal.
Probably was very difficult transalte Yoda so he sounded wrong on russian
Government-connected oligarchs bought most of the major media in Bulgaria in the last few years and installed puppets in the government owned media, who fired a lot of the good journalists that were working there
(Jokes aside, I got that thing about Iceland and seafood)
Hello, say myself John, pleasure is to ourselves meet
I bawl my eyes out every time when I watch Children of Men
Looking forward to S.T.A.L.K.E.R 2
Take your pick:
I m a cat person, but most people here prefer dogs, and in my opinion the continent will be 50/50
They had around 23 million Bulgarian levas (or 11
I know we're still last but honestly getting to almost Croatia's level is huge progress for us.
That would be me :)
But you live on a barren island in the middle of the North Atlantic with the nearest neighbor miles away.
I completely forgot that coverage might be an issue
Spoiler: photography usually is
>Macron has proposed to tighten the selection process for those entering French universities, while at present all French high school graduates are guaranteed a public university place regardless of their grades
There might've been, but no way atm.
It comes from the Christian (Ortodox) beliefs that the name you are given is holy and thus should be celebrated
Years is probably a bit of an exaggeration
Because Crimea wanted to be seperate from Ukraine since 1991 and possibly join Russia, but like Kosovo Ukraine didn't let them .
Laughable, so much of your whole leave campaign was based on hate of everything european and you keep playing the victim.
> This image is comparing apples to oranges
I'm going back to my cryo chamber.
Ha ha ha, i guess we have the same population.
Kingdom of Acadia - quite tricky to determine, but I'd say it's more South American than Siberian, but some might say it actually belongs in Northeastern Australia
A while ago, I've made this [fantasy map] but does it have to be fantasy, considering how much economical development and mobility it could bring for everyone
Maybe half of them returned later but those are impossible to estimate correctly
That's right, the "patriotic, Bulgarian values" party
Can confirm
One day, one day
Its how different we are that makes us so interesting and great
This is a myth - the supposed wave of muslims in the 60s and 70s in Germany and France didn't actually happen - about 60,000 Turks only came to Germany in the 1960s and not much more maghrebis to France.
-- corona virus, probably
Edit: other examples I can think of right now are Jeep and Pampers
My absolute favourite was role playing Blake's 7 which due to some magic had made it through the Iron Curtain
111 place in the world on index for free press
But of course, even mentioning the two countries in the same sentence is how wars can begin on the Balkans lol (feel free to check r/AskBalkans to get a glimpse)
And if you have read some of my comments you would have noticed the american spelling.
At least your streets are properly cleaned from the snow :)
I've never spent much time in Sofia.
Had a shit year heath wise, but other than that things are going great.
Stay away from the Balkans MF
I think it's more likely that you break it rather than someone stealing it while backpacking, so its better just to get some more SD cards or as someone suggested if one of your friends bring a laptop, jut buy one big hard drive and bring it.
(phone and photo compromats could be fabricated)
C++ - If I could automatically understand pointers, memory allocation and all that jazz, that would be amazing
Good luck with that
I'm not advocating to be an asshole,but there should be a line to political correctness,often it's too much for my tastes
Then stop posting about your Brequit.
In Bulgarian, there are rules that determine the gender of the word
i just can't read it out loud without laughing out loud
And in exchange for them potentially scaring Russia off, we get dragged into America's wars
UK will be the country which desperately needs to make an agreement/align with others, not the States.
Chinese infrastructure (very quickly built roads, bridges, buildings, etc that are made to last
Drugs are banned everywhere, but on the other hand one can easily buy drugs if he's interested.
As a Bulgarian I never thought I'll see worse roads than in Bulgaria, but then I went on road trip to Romania..man, how is that even possible ?
What are 5 interesting things about your countries
Taxing investments is simply not a good move, I understand taxing capital gains, as that is a form of income but taxing investments, and I don't mean assets, is simply a way to stop having ANY foreign investment in the country and to make already rich locals remove the money from the economy by investing it in ANY other EU market
Cries for help from migrants trapped in Libya
Well, in that case I hope they vote for one of the other parties!
I like how you didn't even mebtion the whole of the Netherlands, just Amsterdam
Can answer for myself, that during the years, after living abroad and visiting several places, my opinion dramatically changed.
We have to learn it by heart in elementary school and if you don't know all its words your patriotic grandfather can become very disappointed
People in the West do not go as tourists to Sankt Peterburg, they go to Paris etc.
His language (as in, the sort of speech he uses) is very informal, he sounds like the type of dude your dad used to go drinking with and would occasionally ask you to buy them cigarettes when you were 12 because they didn't want to get up from their spot in the café outside your apartment building
It’s a monument without a monument
Second, no firm will open up new offices and move staff for just 8% of its operations, that is not economically viable.
I had a geography teacher, who was a living encyclopaedia.
Laughs as he eats five baklavas
In Greece
Truth is I've never seen them anywhere else but in the states so I assumed it was and American brand.
Imagine this being a Turkish immigrant guy
Ah, ok, that makes sense
Banning the march from happening is a form of censorship.
It's pretty much expected for anyone under 30 to speak some level of English, and anybody over 50 to speak at least *some* Russian
Wouldn't live there forever but that applies for the whole of UK
> If you go to some african countries with 100€ you can basically own the entire city
I think more important is: educated and skilled workforce, demographics, lack of corruption and efficient jurisdiction.
:D Almost thought someone had actually written a book about migration in Bulgaria
Yes, Brexit will take place within few years.
I remember this every time I read talks about Turkey in the EU are still a thing.
At the end they gonna get what they've been asking for - military assault but on their own soil.
Americans put a hedgehog in their pants with the election of the orange orangutan.
But the Greek economy didn't shrink?
Soviet socialism was shit, people died, Gagarin went to space as a human, not as a puppet of some commie dictator
I imagine the sex equivalent of...
Of course, you can have your ideas.
We're trying to civilise, slowly but steady.
It's not
They kept the name Artillery park from the former military brigade that was housed there
And i personally hope there will be no extension.
It was probably his mistress though, he's been very shush about it while not outright denying the photos are real (and independent experts verified they're not photoshopped and from different days, so hard to smuglle ton of money and gold several times just to fake these photo-ops)
Just because you spend many hours at your workplace doesn't mean you worked/produced a lot.
Others believe there should be no private property as no person has the right to accumulate wealth.
For me it was Brussels
Interesting when Bulgaria was released from the  ottoman empire it was separated in to two parts one is the kingdom of Bulgaria and the other was East romelia so the Turks called us Romans for 20 years
Greece is the exception of the exception even though one must keep in mind that many women in Greece have never officially worked, it is part of their culture.
It was confirmed in other sub that the flower is Crocus Sativus a.k.a.
&#x200B;
Croatia-Хърватска(Hurvatska)
How come it is -43
The UK has become the tipsy, tweedy uncle, who after too much Christmas sherry has tipped over into drunkenly abusive bore.
Seriously, most of the people are actually 20-25 yr old, so they have been living in the EU most of their conscious life
Sorry, someone posted another one, try [this]
We just
Don't get me wrong, if I had the money I would probably drive a Tesla
* [Madara Rider] \- a stone carving of a horseman, sprearing a lion
Negotiations between America and Europa is like two similar entities dealing.
The Bulgarian Communist Party was hell-bent on appeasing the Soviets, but that doesn't make that participation any less excusable
Luckily, people seem to be coming to their senses or maybe the weirdos aren't as vocal anymore, which surprises me very much in a good way
As someone from Varna, even I can’t not chuckle at T-shirts that say “Make pLOVEdiv, not WARna”.
**Polish** 5% - Least understandable slavic language to me
What's the deal with childcare in Ireland
The experience of people living in actual bilingual countries is completely at odds with your opinion
Also, don't forget штраф and вокзал.
On the contrary, the increase of the CSG hits the wealthy because it taxes CAPITAL gains, which is something I'm sure you're very happy about, right ? What about thr "poverty plan" ? It's seen by the social sector as one of the best social plans ever written by a government, because it really tackles the root issues of poverty in France .
Ha ha ha...you expect me to get back to you in April?
And if someone wants to accuse me of being anti-European or pro-Brit, that is not true at all.
But that's just kinda how nationalism works
It’s tough
The old wooden houses by the pier in Bergen are very famous.
What pro rich reforms
My question was not addressed to you.
For some it s full or partial loss of central authority over a certain area, for others it means no natives can pass there without being assaulted.
Even though populists are gaining popularity all across Europe, they are financially weak.
Im not even close to being a patriot.
Bulgaria
There is not really a Hollywood...
And yes, there are big protests here against corruption and oligarchy
*NordVPN intensifies*
>“The reform introduced the fact that the criteria used to select students is going to be based on the marks of their last years of high school, on their motivation and teacher’s opinions, and not at all on the baccalaureat,”
Alde is the only bigger party to vote majority against this proposal as well as the greens
If you ever have to go to Cyprus from Turkey, that is where you catch the ferry from.
I've always heard it the other way around
We're taught (forced) to adopt a semi-British accent throughout our education, so only the ones who didn't do well in English class have a very noticeable accent
It's starting to look like any other sub.
Probably, just that what I have noticed about the Romanian drivers
Ако всеки почне да си пише на неговия език малко се обезмисля идеята на тоя съб, не мислиш ли?
These days however, i and many others think - the sooner Brething accomplishes, the better.
Just fuck off you cunts
There were villages here and there and towns, but most of the times it's just nature and agriculture lands.
It's funny because I as a Dutch guy don't care who pays, I'm used to splitting the bill anyways
If you don't mind the weather and social contacts, then Scandinavian countries are the best option.
\- going there by bike, and using the bulky bike frame as a barrier to help me keep my distance from others
The closest female "equivalent" to castration would be removing the ovaries (oophorectomy).
Seriously, climate change denial is crossing a line
here in bulgaria we treat turkish immigrants like animals
Sometimes in the smaller neighbourhoods the government sends in the gendarmerie for security, and then they bulldoze all the illegal buildings, which most of the time is all of them.
They're so normal that I'm not actually sure if there's ads like that where I live
Mildly socially conservative, centrist economically
I've been noticing more life in recent years though
I've had 2 Turkish people off reddit wish me a happy holiday, so I think you're off the mark with this one.
(And I don't meant the AlL rElIgIoNs ArE EvIl AnD sTuPiD type of atheist, I mean somebody even making a dry joke about the timeline of Easter or something that's not even *offensive*.)
But it is entirely possible
We also had talked about the Persians but I don't remember when we studied them
" when Americans usually don't know anything except the name but they're pretty nice
Haha yes, this is trigger number 1
You seem to use terms you do not understand and thus fail to show how it is not democracy to forbid gay marriage within a society whose majority opposes it.
Yeah, that's more or less it
Shout-out to the EU
Even the most stubborn patriots start to become assimilated after such a long time of suppression
People speaking in the dialect used in Sofia are usually seen as stuck up in the East, while an Easterner speaking in their soft tongue in the West (especially in Sofia) will be singled out as "a provincialist".
Huh, destroyers are not battle ships.
As for living standards I'd say that the average Bulgarian lives poorly and i don't even want to get to the point with pensioners
You need it to make it easier to start a business in France
Biggest tip
The winter I was born, the Danube river froze
You say its cheat but at least its state for state.
He is a good guy in Syrians' point of view
] I don't understand the desire to go on such a crowded place and call it "a holiday" just for some dirt cheep debauchery
(not sure how to add Bulgarian flag in my name so take note I'm talking about Bulgaria)
I mean they are right, if you are serious about sports best to stay away from weed and alcohol
It's the Ohrid Castle tower, the seat of the ancient Macedon empire of the slavic Sashe Filipovski, where the history of glorious ancient Macedonia is preserved from your filthy tatar hands!
Plus, gen z in Russia isn't that different from european/american gen z and straight millenials are also changing for better
Well nobody wants it to be Turkey again, i can tell you that.
know
Here it can be any random european language - german, greek, polish, whatever
Except we all know that Austria's election is extremely close, as they had an actual election already
If that happened Bulgaria would have been the first country voluntarily joining to the USSR
Oh, you'd be surprised how many students graduate with pretty poor grammar, but that's another story
I learned on QI that death of cyclists went up after the invention of th seatbelt
This thread reminds me I should buy a room thermometer
Border hopping is a crime and refugees stop being such when they reach the first safe country.
Until last year I did not even know that we attacked first.
It's an interesting fusion so I recommend that you at least hear them even if it is not your cup of tea
I think it is ridiculous a micro state to be able to block decisions regarding union of 500m people.
^^Though ^^our ^^military ^^probably ^^couldn't ^^take ^^over ^^a ^^village.
We use бичè only in speech, don't know how's it called in English tho.
had a layover along the way, got promoted, nbd
Oh no, not that Russian propaganda again.
Large plastic bags from BILLA
I've also seen two Asians once, but i only saw their backs because by the time i turned around, they were leaving.
Veliko Tarnovo
Mwaaaaah, DAT'S RACIIIST, you bigot get out with facts that I don't like, mwaaaaaah, where's the speech police I will REPORT you to them, mwaaaaaah
[Tryavna]
I sometimes ride the train to my town even though driving is faster and sometimes even cheaper (when with passengers), I just really like trains and want to give the national railway company a few more rides to that destination to make sure they don't close the route
I'm pretty sure my fellow Bulgarians thought fuck it, no one would be on our side.
We have this dish called "zapekanka", which roughly translated to "baked", but "zapek" also means constipation, so one day Facebook exploded with pictures of a [dinner menu] offering tourists "Constipation with yellow cheese". Also, the word for "tongue" and "language" in Bulgarian is "ezik", so the same menu offered "Language in butter".
Also that we built a shitload of commie blocks and basically made everyone equally f-ed (except the people connected to the regime, their families, their friends, also sometimes their other friends etc
Just Yugoslavia
As soon as this is signed debt is created - if a metro station is to be built in the next 5 years for, say, 15 million Euro, the state is currently in debt by 15 million, but will repay that in the next 5 years from the future tax revenue.
This is STILL very normal in Bulgaria.
This helped me a lot and my uncle is from Manchester and he said that I talk better than most Bulgarians
I am sure he wants a Bulgarian space program too.
But then, any recently renovated house will have these advance windows
Think of it as a healthier, salty rather than sweet, pepper instead of tomato-based ketchup, and it is delicious
This started relatively recently, probably 4-5 years ago
In theory internal extraditions should be a good tool to fight crime as even petty thiefs are international with open borders
Do you think the Dutch government will accept such representative in their country hiding behind diplomatic immunity?
If I had to guess it's about a 10:1 ratio of cats to dogs
Very nice
There was a lot of discrimination against Germans.
Romanians *just* have to decide on some reforms and get more funds for building, organising and hiring staff.
It's just what it is: on Friday night you and friends get in the car and three hours later you're on the Greek shore, eating dinner in Thessaloniki
They cannot be compared to the Kurds in Turkey.
In Bulgarian, it's almost only nearby places in the Balkans that can have a very different name than the one established in English
Lukashenko has annoyed Putin quite a lot, but Putin probably needs him for now
Yes, it's creepy as fuck, I'm glad I'm not the only one scared by it
Granted they are from Texas but still
The EU and US/UK are so intertwined economically, socially and whatnot, that any harm to the EU and its citizens is also harm to the US/UK and their citizens.
We were also part of the Byzantine empire for around 150 years between the 1st and 2nd Bulgarian empires, that's why they are two empires
He did have feelings for her, he wrote poems about her as well, but it was obvious they weren't as good/passionate as the ones for the underaged girl
nice, a pyrocynical fan
Yes, definetely
Eastern europeans are treated like shit regardless of the government in power.
So should i be writing Вроцлав when commenting in this sub by your logic?
I mean it is not like USB is on it's 7th revision:
Ending the customs union is [being considered.]
Milk here is always refrigerated
As the name suggests, RedHack is clearly a left wing communist group.
Don't know about first, but we do have the most free paid days for mothers that just went out of labour successfully
Still, no Bulgarian publishers
I am not complaining, its some of the best on the planet, but its not like its something you go for when you are on a diet.
Its historicity is not somehow tainted
Conclusion: The country is in a serious crysis right now
Far more eficient for X doesn't mean not efficiant for Y.
So the most effective way of dealing with it they had, even when dealing with 19 year olds, was to find a teacher to keep them supervised
Obviously
In the other countries the business pays the salaries to the people who work.
Well, don't know about the rest, but the way Danish language sounds, i find it closer to Dutch.
But this doesn't change the essence of the habit
Tsar Simeon the great
Or at least
We have the same thing here as well, their commercials are super long and scripted, the products are terrible and the prices are high
The only reason to form ethnic parties would be for separatism or to treat people differently according to their ethnicity, which is against the constitution.
The point is that Russia should have not been part of the group if it was about gdp/hdi.
Not to be "moral" in whatever moral compass one has and thus accuse them of "immorality" when they aren't.
Italy looks like a boot kicking a ball
I do know however that during WW2 we defied Nazi Germany which demanded that we deport all Jews living in Bulgaria to them.
"The French will have to learn to live with terrorism."
On the other hand Clinton is seen as aggressively anti-Russian.
Thankfully only 3 people were injured, as it happened in the early hours of the morning and said depot was not in active use, just used as storage for the old materials
The "big" break is about 20 minutes for lunch
If they can reach a mutual trade agreement without any special privileges - good.
Lots of people prefer cars, lots of people prefer public transport
Which is a problem if they meet foreign leaders
Most people, locals and foreigners, are very shocked by this
Water
Most of the girlfriends would go mad, especially if they are more jealous.
05, is a day off because of 01
As others have pointed out, the definition varies, whether you talk about culture or geography
They are the kind of authors that preserve the authenticity of Bulgaria, the traditions, the life style, the past...
She's living in Hungary now, though.
No one listened to them but tried to gain personal profit by entering  into alliances with the Nazis
What can also be breathtaking is the air pollution in sofia
If I had to guess it's about a 10:1 ratio of cats to dogs
You literally edited your comment to transliterate "мир". Transliterate, not translate
Oh and pharmacies in Greece just decide not to work at some point during the day cause "fuck it there's another pharmacy down the road" but the motherfucker down the road is thinking the same thing so he's also closed
Additionally they always brag about our medieval history between 600 and 1300
X voivoda: I'm leaving the name blank but voivoda means leader of a haiduk group
I'm not disputing that austerity dampens growth, I'm saying I don't believe PIIGS would've got away with just a 1% contraction if they spent more.
Yes, there are banks that break the law in every country.
We drive the same way though
However, Scottish independence has serious momentum, and is a serious consideration for them
It’s popular, it has liver, it’s nasty and can make me vomit by simply being near me
Cyril and Methodius, who were Byzatine monks invented the [Glagolitic alphabet] Their Bulgarian students invented the [Cyrillic alphabet] by a request of the Bulgarian Tsar [Simeon I the Great] because the Glagolitic looks like an alien script and no one understood it
At least Elon Musk is doing something cool with his money, instead of just letting it sit in a bank for the rest of his life like others.
I once met a guy who was travelling from Berlin to Istanbul in the [gymnastic wheel]
English
In bulgarian we would say something along the lines of "maika mu deiba" meaning fuck something's mom (applicable to virtually everything)
And yea , the castration is more active than it was years ago
Obviously
Yes
In the same period however Europe will experience two major economic boosts:
The oral contraceptive pill
Fuel prices have a statistically significant effect on new vehicle fuel economy in Europe , but t his estimated effect is much smaller than that for the United States .** Within Europe, fuel economy respond s more in the United Kingdom and France than in the other large markets**
What  bothers me is that all this activity - Dwarves, Rosenec, Borisov room photos - happened exactly when Bozhkov was charged
I am Bulgarian, in fact i claim Bulgarians do know a lot more than westerners about the civil wars in ex-Yugoslavia.
The article was in a Bulgarian newspaper.
Oh and I forgot
We people are selfish and stupid like that
Northern Cypriots do not differentiate themselves from Turks in Turkey.
Russians saw it as the western powers ignoring it completely when deciding how to handle the situation, circumventing the UN security council and using NATO as an aggressive alliance
If Belarus gets integrated with Russia, it's game over for Bats'ka
Communism
Europe is not all about politics, economics, old buildings and landscapes.
Or that NATO will invade Russia
Germany exported 1.4 trillion in 2014 -
Hahaa this about Macedonia and Bulgaria is true
incorrect
Also generally the furhter east you go
Cause Apple
The 20 minute break is long enough to run at full speed to the nearest café and hope you can get a sandwich, shoving mouthfuls as you stride back in time for your next class
You use doughy sheets (like with baklava) and wrap a mixture of cheese, milk and eggs
Technically, climate in Sofia classifies as continental.
Looking at what Putin does to countries that try to join  the EU I can't imagine he'd be giving orders of friendship to a guy that's helping Serbia join it
And I don't think any French person would actually claim it
The particular way the words were put together goes a long way, too
Grammar I think is more manageable, but it is not a whole lot easier, either
Sausages, cevapi and burek are all superior to our versions there
Homosexuality was a mental disease in the 50s but they paid the scientists to get it out of the list of mental diseases
Europe's population as a whole would easily have crossed a billion people if it wasn't for the two world wars and the horrific consequences they had for our demography
Then the Germans deserve to live in the shithole they create.
Your country is g(e)orgeous !!!
It's not a matter of education or political engagement, it's a matter of complexity level
It's ridiculous to think an oppressive regime will crush all your opponents while sparing all people dear to you.
In the case of Germany they showed the origin of its current flag in the pan-german movements that started in the 1830s-40s:
As a European who has lived in America for about 15 years now and want to move back to Europe soon, it really reaffirms my decision to move back to Europe since I hear everyone talking about how much they hate America
They suck in all other aspects so..
Reminds me of that old cartoon about Asterix and the Golden Sickle: wneh travelling to Lutecia with Obelix on foot, he makes a remаrk on the Roman aqueduct in a valley: "Look how Romans ruined the landscape with their modern constructions!"
So, kind of like The Oville, except everyone is drinking homebrewed rakia
The only impression I have of Czech is that it makes women sound very sexy, but that might just be because of the context I've heard it in
The grammar, on the other hand, is quite strange even for speakers of other Slavic languages and foreigners almost always make the same mistakes that to a native speaker seem so silly and will reveal the fact that you are a non-native within seconds
nouns are capitalized in german iirc.
PS: Also, at the company I work, a lot of my colleagues are teachers by degree
Talk about Northern Macedonia
Unions are threatening strikes
That's why the country will be blowing up anyway
I wish it snowed in Bulgaria ):
When I was little I just watched English cartoons, but boy German is way too complicated
* Svetlin(a)
I am from Bulgaria and this rail network will be very efficient because we like to travel to Greece and other European contrys
The fear-mongering around 'drugs' completely ignores how normalized alcoholism and smoking, two extremely accessable bad habits, are
Now i know - it is some sort of tradition of eating a lot of fat meat!
That's a ridiculous statement considering the ammount of regulation on the market and trade in Europe compared to that in the US.
This happened back in 2012, only seven people died but i cant remember anything else, except back in 1925 when the bulgarian communist party blew up a church and killed 200 people and injured 500
Well done
Yeah, it is a contentious topic.
It sounds purely like "dusty city" in our language, and i see in yours too if you have the same word for dust.
I, too, would want to know more about this
You're worse than one of the worst
I figured it out you're Magyar as the majority of Transylvanians are ethnic Hungarians.
Where were lenders looking while throwing money at Greece?
Whereas, the "Latin" legacy is just other tribes conquered by the Romans (that includes other Italian tribes) and latinized
A shame they didn't witness the violence left-wing regimes can cause or else they wouldn't be voting for communists so fervently.
I hate [Moussaka] and [Shkembe Chorba]
Russia is messing in our stuff, and in other European nations, pretty actively
2)Ottoman Empire - enslaved us
Hey, Belgium borders the North Sea doesn't it
We named our cat that
Built between 12-14th century
It was one of the few car models Bulgarians were allowed to buy, so - yeah
Love you guys
>Будапеща
Grammar is rarely important
It is a shitty thing, but don't make it out to be illogical.
Might look to your own country pal where "the media is the enemy of the people" and protesters are all "paid for".
We'll be glad to have you back
But 80% of my English is from Games and Youtube videos
Tbh I would have preferred a Trump victory because he doesn't really care about the rest of the world as much and the USA wouldn't meddle in my countrie's already burning garbage politics
We ran out of basic stuff in the matter of days and doctors decide to quit their jobs because of bad working conditions (we have under 10 proven cases of infected)
Will continue acting like that no matter if you're getting angry or pleased.
Wait, what
The party is registered and will participate in the elections
Absolutely
Реално на испански е Sofía, даже така си го пишат, с акцента, защото иначе ще се произнася Sófia, голям сакън
London
West good east bad for
Macedonia
[\[21\]] There, he devised the [Gothic alphabet] and oversaw the translation of the [Bible] from [Greek] to [Gothic] which was performed by a group of scholars
The quality and price of electronics is the same everywhere.
681 AD is the year every Bulgarian knows as the year the start of the first Bulgarian state.
English classes in school don't include English literature, we just learn the language.
Well I can only judge him on what he does or what he's likely doing.
Wholesome
The Americas are two continents
Serbia
In Bulgaria, most FDI is our own oligarchs laundering money through the Netherlands, so yeah
All the data i quote by memory, the original source was some site i found on the i-net that compared different destinations.
Montenegro is no longer in Serbia, friend.
Hayde, opa doesn’t come close tho, it’s not even among the biggest hits of Andrea here
Nah, y'all have been doing well in relations with the EU and NATO
Huh, the Poles have invaded half of the world!
Was always my go-to if I ever craved fast food
You also said that most people voted for Hillary which is also irrelevant in an electoral vote.
Annual growth in labour costs is 1.9% in the EU
To be fair, a high percentage of homes in a lot of countries are IKEA
I remember my father used to watch concerts on Pink TV when i was a kid.
Most of the Balkans are on friendly terms.
There are still areas in Serbia which are majority Albanian like the Presevo valley.
I know all this because two years ago I went to have myself tested and the test came out possitive, so I went through hell for two months before the refference laboratory confirmed my negative status with the ELISA and the WB tests
Montenegro-Черна Гора(Cherna Gora,directly translated-Black Forest)
At what point in Russian history was all private enterprise, private capital or private wage labour abolished?
The UK already has very low unemployment and a very high participation rate.
I, and everyone I've asked about this here prefer summer time
2 guys got the brutal police beating that no one is talking about
We have expressions like "не ми пука" ([it] doesn't pop on/with/whatever me) or "не ми дреме" ([it] (presumably the problem) isn't napping on me)
After all we're (officially) here for more than a thousand years.
Well I get you, but I genuinely believe feminism is a poisoned word.
Not even some old forgotten word that means that, it's our modern day word for it
Given my socio-economic status I may be called "one of the good ones" as if I am some exception and people from my region are usually trash.
It is because of prices and the cold Norwegian attitude.
There are doctors and dentists that studied and work in the sates.
XDDDD
There is too much egoism going around for them to ever imagine themselves as the poor character in an Ayn Rand story.
To be fully honest, I am ashamed by some of the things Borisov says from time to time
My dad, however prefers 17-21°. I don't understand it
What more proof does a denier need, a time machine
Mmm bandes dessinées with gravy
Don't get me wrong, if I had the money I would probably drive a Tesla
Heard your mom scream MY name last night
Despite some scandals, there were many improvements in infrastructure and also we are one of the countries in EU with the least debt (  - at least they are not taking debt to loot it, so I hope the majority of the new grants will be used again for infrastructure, energy efficiency (a lot of apartment buildings were insulated with government aid in recent years)
His favourite word so far is Shisharka (pinecone)
Yup
I'm sorry, but that's just disingenuous
yes yes, time to retake Thrace and Solun my friend
They later recovered to some extend and were still quite well off compared to most parts of Europe in the late 18th century.
Eastern European nations under communism are much poorer today than other Eastern European nations who avoided it.
Lucia, environmentalism of Sweden, military capabilities of the USA, nuclear arsenal of Russia, energy production of France, corruption levels of Norway, crime rates of Finland, religious piety of Greece
I guess they think that he drank only lemonade from it, no alcohol whatsoever
Lowest in the EU, at this point I'm no longer sad, just laughing
Left out are: gotse delchev, ljuben karavelov, todor alexandrov, georgi benkovski, peyo yavorov, etc etc
We shall call it Euro English (especially after Brexit)
If you talk slowly I can understand Russian and Slovak
We have the same game, the name is "Don't be angry, man
Actually it would be more convenient, because I would have only euro in my savings.
I only scratch my balls
We got bombed to bits and had our capitals burnt and got bombed again and then communism
Trillion = трилион (trillion)
Eastern people never had such delusions of "weak" Russia.
Baseball hat to hide my ugly head
My dialect is Rhodopean and I will forever resent my parents for being 'fluent' in it but never teaching me to speak it
Don't mind me, I am just here before the annexation
Mixed bag regarding EU integration and Russia
It's only bad when future spending heavily outweighs future tax revenue.
Can we have the Fuck version now please
It started as a type of peaceful protest in the 70s, ispired by the song July Morning by Uriah Heep
We don't eat breakfast cereal at all, but we do eat a lot of bread.
in the religion, the education, the politics and so on...
Would you feed a homeless man if your own son is starving to death?
We DON'T need a broken record telling us that
Belgium is strong at chemical production.
Like it or not, that is what they are.
Respect the every night music banging to the max so you can't sleep?
:/ Have you activated state of emergency already
Americans specifically think Yugoslavia = Balkans and even calls the Yugoslav wars "The Balkan Wars"
Why should anyone care about Russian propaganda ammo
Please don't use the S-word if you don't want to alienate all of the eastern member states
My only experience with political discourse was a very attractive girl handing me a leaflet for student communist organisation.
Here blue pens seem to be mare used than black , or other colors
I was going to make a similar comment.
I don't think there is any way I don't come of as rude for saying that, but I saw a picture of his wife and I am willing to bet that he is gay.
Doesn't that undermine their very ideals?
EU's efforts are wasted on Serbia tbh
The most rare sightings in the world include:
Pretty straightforward
Well
The problem is the export of financial services to EU by the City, as such export is not part of any trade agreement.
Now Russia got accused for 4 other intentional looking  explosions at  two of our arms companies and apparently the Salisbury duo were touring the country at the same time as some of the accidents
> IT should be focused on more, not everyone goes to college
Fences: threatening wildlife; No fences: threatening civilized life.
They are part of Greco-Roman civilisation and usually especially before the financial crisis Greece was way richer and part of western world unlikely the rest of the Balkans
Same
Oh, so it was a deliberate choice, that is hmm...
Firstly, the 1997-2001 government, corrupt as it was, brought the country of deep crisis, made economic reforms which in spite of flawed privatization led to a decade of unprecedented GDP and income growth, opened the road to EU membership, switched the currency and monetary mechanisms which guaranteed currency and banking system stability, built (I believe, need to check) more highways than Borisov during any of his mandates, without any comparable EU funding and without bragging and holding ceremonies for newly completed every 10 km
Personal name + Mother's name + Mother's family name
Once the West saw that it should have stepped in with all of its resources and power it can relocate to that region.
Wow that shot was just a bit revealing
Crying in Bulgarian
There would be no US nukes and no US to begin with if a nuclear war happens between the US and Russia.
In Bulgaria Lidl stores are considered hypermarkets, even though Kaufland and Metro stores are larger.
But I heard my parents talking about how many there were before
Did not hang out on reddit all day long.
Soviet Union
People buy pigs and lamb for slaughter like that
:/ Have you activated state of emergency already
It would have made for a fantastic space, and location to be repurposed into a museum documenting the ills of totalitarianism, and the symbol of using that building would have been immense
But it's of course great that you think that you are.
People can't even give a proper answer why they are protesting when interviewed by the media
And this isn’t nearly as relevant
At the end of the match Everton made a crude gesture at the Rad Belgrade fans, prompting some Rad players to confront him.
Cause Apple
Not that it's likely to happen, it's just more likely than dying to European terrorism.
Delicious noodles
There are also the chief prosecutor, the director of BNT and most importantly, the bosses of the mafia Ahmed Dogan and Delyan Peevski
Why is NE Bulgaria always depicted as speaking turkish on these maps
For example: Искаш ли да ядеш шамари?
Many of my friends quit smoking with the help of vaporizers.
What Trump did right now goes beyond the realm of politics and responses like yours don't help anyone
So much territory changed hands between the years that everyone can claim anything here
So like the french pronunciation of croissant but with a "sch" instead
What about not using this crude form of whataboutism
Not just blocking roads, also preventing people from exercising their legal voting rights.
Dude China has done a laundry list of things to infringe on the rights of Uyghurs and to a lesser extent other religious minorities
I may be wrong though, hope there's someone Turkish here to correct me.
Almost everytime
I think  we should make a distinction between what NATO members do and what NATO does
It’s clear the UK is going down the hill sharply
Ever
I sure hope the party keeps going regardless of the results of this election.
Actually, as a Slavic language, Bulgarian has some kinds of grammatical cases remained, but only in pronouns.
No special deals, no exclusions, no exceptions.
I used to have a lot of problem with them back when I was on Megalan, than Megalan was bought my M-tel and then M-tel was bought by a1 but when I switched to fibre I've had literally 0 issues which happened about a year and a half ago
Usually cross checking of any given info requires knowledge of foreign languages.
Here's the thing
Boulevard vitosha is great for shopping
I can't hear any difference from Serbian with Bosnian and Montenegrin
I've heard on the news that Russia is considering to offer millitary help to Lukashenko
Fuck this one hits hard as someone with close ties to the Dutch healthcare system
Especially with that fat Dutch money :P
Here it depends
And maybe give Macedonia the Greek one
Nope, you are confused to think that random tribes matter in the scheme of kingdoms.
I can see clearly, such benches and table are not something people put in their gardens or in front of their house.
Ach, quatsch
You win
Plus lower taxes mean less money for education and healthcare which is not good for overall competitiveness.
You are part of the problem we see here in this thread.
Eastern Europe would still be poorer on average if communism never happened, but the gap would be far less stark.
Juxtaposition with that building there on the picture is just perfect
Pomak is not ethnicity it just refers to the Bulgarians
Novo mesto in bulgarian means - new place!!!
Cool, I would have liked a picture of the full dress, though
Some people put their games and lots of other things like TVs,Car menus etc in Russian so they can understand it better especially older peoples who learned russian
I blame the state
How would it sound if for example Bulgaria sends an ambassador to The Netherlands who openly stated that the dutch walls they build to protect their land from the sea, should be mined and blown up?
I didn't know this 100 bucks was to replace parent leave
The points being made are that poles in the UK may suffer if Britain doesn't get a good deal.
Когато Петър е "Питър", Сара е "Серъ", Хриси е "Криси", а фамилиите ни ги отебали тотално :')
Eastern Europe is very, very different.
You realize you are talking to someone from the Netherlands?
Even to this date a lot of Israelis come each year specifically to Bulgaria to visit because they still remember what we did for them
Theresa May's Brexit confidence is deeply misguided
Sure, and their highways probably took more effort to build, too.
Nice, hope he gets a long sentence.
If you are a confirmed case, you are sent to a specialist and you are asigned checkup schedule, treatment plan etc
About time for the yellow to turn blue
China is not the one doing you a favour by investing in you with such  terms, if anything China owes YOU for giving it such nice opportunities
Though it is impressive indeed, it is not a surprise at all.
Assuming she wasn't going to do it anyways of course.
He has a whole thread with such videos from cities across the world, including lots of Europe: [
Some dodgy neighborhood
The eastern rhodopes is rich in gold deposits.
As a Bulgarian who did something similar, I studied in the Netherlands are recently came back home
Bulgaria has a lot to fear from the dream of a big Turkey, we have some major regions with people speaking Turkish (like close to 50% in a few regions).
Don't make stupid overestimation you can't defend
If there was no corruption and stealing, we could create like....
How does that harm anyone but themselves
But the uncertainty of what would happen if they just drop the local power act is too great.
Ivan Georgiev or Georgi Ivanov or Georgi Petrov, for example.
But yet again, fences are not 100 meters high and if people organize, bring ladders and ropes, they simply jump over it.
Sorry, but the cheap capital flow created demand of many occupations which were not economically viable, that twisted the labor market, which in turn twisted the demand of properly educated workforce.
My recommendation is to go to Bologna instead of Venice.
Your book
People in my town were quite saddened as it was the only "supermarket" there and prices were lower than other shops.
Cyprus: the new UN Secretary-General's first challenge
In other words they were dividing people - with money and less money, easy to be pursued to be getting laid and not easy.
My mom knows french and has tried to explain it me
For Russian, I only ever use it on my phone so I usually type on the Bulgarian keyboard and then switch over to the Russian keyboard when I'm missing a letter
He has a whole arsenal
I wish I could just get all of those Gwent missions to just move to the failed list and get out of the way
So if the outer members can not join the inner club, they will begin to wonder - what the heck are we doing in this club.
Your type of people will remain in history same as we today look at meideval zealots.
* **Zhivkov Constitution** \- enacted in 1971 and named after the Communist dictator and a sock puppet come to life Todor Zhivkov it reorganised the country and established a single party system of which the Bulgarian Communist Party is the only legal legislative and executive organ;
However, many swedes do use snus/snuff.
Everybody can be tolerant when judging from afar.
I have been living in Scotland for nearly 6 years
I really don't like these state either.
They expect him to have better relations with Russia.
I think they're just very proud people or something
And of course thank you to Romania for being our bros
Anyone who distributes pornographic material by means of information or communication technology or in another similar manner shall be punished by imprisonment for up to two years and a fine from BGN 1,000 to 3,000
From the 1,153,465 square kilometres we lost.
Ahhh get out of here and go enjoy your warm weather!
Property rights is one such rule.
If they do then why does the left and progressives defend their migration towards Europe and their preservation of their values, culture and traditions once here?
That won't go well with the anti-globalist brits on ukpolitics and the_duck.
I can't speak for non-language schools but it is staple in every language school and they are fairly common
Could this be in fact just a plot to take these businesses from the owners and give them to Geshev's own friends
And the EU has invested many times more than just 1
Pumpkinhead in action
So there's that
Hmm I don't think there's anything good on Bulgarian YouTube sadly
Many in the teaching profession fear that continuous assessment will kill the prized national standard, and in effect bring in a two-tier bac, with more prestigious grades being awarded by top teachers in top schools, rather than by national markers
It means exactly that, if we define "richness" as local purchasing power.
Yeah, same for the Netherlands
Italy wtf man you literally fought on the nazi side how do you not remember
I also am fairly burnt from the West
Bulgaria is #111 in the Freedom of Speech index
Do you guys feel awkward a bit if it's cramped if you need that much space outside
No - by Constitution we are a unitary state and autonomous regions within Bulgaria are impossible
Who is Corbyn supposed to be a friend of?
But lower than that I just can't keep my hands and feet warm (which is funny because I'm usually ok at 13-14-15 outside, as movement keeps me warm there)
When and where was the picture taken?
How horrific
You are the one that felt the need to equate those with Japan and the States.
Macron’s government also plans to invest 15 billion euros in job training over the next five years
It really depends what is in Germany's future though.
As far as i know Turkish Cyprus is not a Turkish province, but separate entity.
Fucking retarded pieces of shit bite the hand that feeds them and will be incredibly surprised when the EU funds are cut and probably blame the EU again.
It would be extremely unlikely that 1 month had more growth than 60 months combined.
We weren't occupied like the serbs or the greeks
Bulgaria isn't transcontinental, we are pure mongol
|Field of study|University|
I'll try to be as active as possible
We and Turkey would be one continuous tract of land that people can cross freely.
Not gonna lie
And unlike Slovenians, we don't feel offended by the name - Balkan!
And I'm mindblowned
Forget this map
Uncool
Can I really
Gives me so much hope for my country
Yes it’s mostly at work
Everything is written the way it's pronounced
The only thing about Bulgaria i recall hearing in foreign media recently was about Dinko 'the migrant hunter'.
They employ young guys, they come with their own truck, they carry your stuff, load it, move it and unload it
" Yes, your hotel will likely be okay with just English but don't get moody about how the small local pub's staff doesn't speak it, or how the cab driver isn't bilingual, aight
Sunny Beach is a generic resort made specifically to scam foreigners out of money so don't worry about not liking it haha
After all most of the food, water, power supply, fuels, materials and the rest needed for daily routine comes from Spain, right?
Absolutely deranged people here have this idea that some mystical Nazis are out to get them, whining about upvotes, how this sub is right-wing, etc all the while each of their retarded post gets upvoted in the hundreds
That's what  China is doing
Really I thought that London was a place everyone wanted to live in and that is a large part of the mega high property prices.
he's getting crazier by the hour.
So more like Guangzhou or any other such massive chinese city.
Only behind Czechia and Slovenia?
You can't have kids not knowing Botev or Shakespeare or Don Quixote
Tbh, now
I mean, I know it stems from the older generations not seeing mental labor as "work" but still
Go sell your lies to someone who is too naive to fall for it
Can't blame them tbh
Paris or the actually country of France
Someone has obviously put a lot of effort but I don't get it
Oh my god are you kidding
It was a mistake taking the british prime minister seriously.
Economically left (not really far left); socially they would be mildly progressive on paper but the leaders are extremely conservative (nationalistic, anti-lbgt, anti-refugees)
Switching to the euro now would annihilate the entire Bulgarian economy
They support and spread in the societies completely different political values than the well established left - right political streams with all of their nuances.
Well we are second in Europe and sixth in the world in percentage of the population that smokes (tobacco that is)
We think of Japanese as highly educated and advanced
Some of the accents in the Rhodopes are very weird and sometimes hard to understand
Precisely, your own interpretation proves what I am writing.
Maybe not an empire, but a colonial state through the Dutchy of Courland.
I could be wrong but from what I've heard Erdogan has mellowed his tone a lot towards  China recently
Ah, the good old days when you could walk amidst hundreds of people without the danger of contracting a deadly virus
There's some really conservative people on that subreddit but it's definitely better
I don't think media has been controlled by the government and its friendly oligarchs since the end of communism
Suggesting racial minorities "are the most beautiful" in a society sounds kinda racist to me.
I don't like his super macho style of writing as well
fly + elephant in Bulgaria :)
I personally went to a Bulgarian tutor for the 12th grade exams and I went to courses provided by the university I wanted to get into for their math exam, since it is much harder than the end of the year exam in Math
einz, hier kommt die sonne
And note, in bookstores I’ve seen translations that translate her name normally, so what the fuck was Boris Mindov smoking
3: Final vote if it should be accepted
Car
You are literally the first one to state this on r/europe.
Only ones I can think of that fit that maybe fit that profile is Mikkeller and Brewdog.
You and your best friends the Romanians (hehe) have a particularly large Slavic vocabulary despite being non-Slavic languages.
If you have a problem, throw it out of the window
Not Islam, not Buddhism, not the miscalanious beliefs the chukchi might have, but Christianity.
Why does it look like God's abomination?
Pretty much the same way - dumb, backwards and populist oligarch voter base
To force a singular Bulgarian identity and make people love the country which is just codeword for the ruling regime (BKP at the time)
You should have thought about homogeneous societies when you started colonizing the world, becoming one of the main sources of global immigration.
hopefully the outdoor nature of the protests will reduce the damage somewhat
0 Revised
It originated as "mom's kid" or something
In bulgarian we would say something along the lines of "maika mu deiba" meaning fuck something's mom (applicable to virtually everything)
Syria is in the news daily, Yemen almost never.
> Same thing happens in every country, but sure
Istanbul stray cats were looking very cute and playful :)
If i wanted to assault Britons i have had many opportunities, I put down some drunken and aggressive bastards.
Check out [International Dialects of English Archive] I've linked to the Bulgarian accents but you can check out your own country's, too
Lol shout out to Bulgaria when they fought every neighbor at the same time
Ever
Spends 5min trying to decypher the Tite...
First (and last) time I was there, I went on a date with this Irishman
Kosovo is a land illegaly stolen from Serbia, which has close ties with Russia.
Why at all engage someone on the internet for no reason but to insult him?
But we already have a wall so Trump would be happy
I could not believe my eyes and choked a little even.
A Bosnian Muslim immigrant to Sweden defends Trump's idea of Sweden's problem with multiculturalism
But it isn't only women who do it
(honestly, most girls on the street look like that, you gotta visit :D )
Communism in a country with 150 million people is a bit different than communism in a country with 30 thousand
He survived two WWs physically, but mentally it was something else
If you think the French political spectrum is left, well why didn't you vote for the communist party or socialist or whatever
If the owner of the multi million dollar luxury yacht "Erica" choose to moor her there it's got to be good
It's hard  to feel lack of something in you language
They are saying that the protesters are bought by some mafia man, living his life in Dubai, when the truth is that many young people(18-30) are protesting for their future, my future, as well
They were a bunch of funny characters
Global remittances improve the life of certain individuals, investments can make the country better for everybody.
You're right that he has his reasons to stay in power but we're not sure what they are exactly
Every single time someone asks (says
I do run/jog and have basic fitness equipment at home, as well as doing some yoga exercises.
This castle is fake news
There are no clean olympic athletes.
The "medieval" way of thinking died with the end of that war
There is no such thing in Bulgaria.
Afrikaans is cheating
Completely unrelated but we're taught Don Quixote in eighth grade here, thought it's cool
Eastern states will be slaves to Russia again while even big nations will be disproportionally swayed by countries like the US and China.
I don't care what anyone says
Dude, that kid is a retard, you've done nothing offensive.
The most popular reason to be worried about your safety reported were: being dark and tripping over something you didn’t see and homeless dogs
Forgot to mention: during the first half of 20
Do Russian sanitary laws exist to protect consumers or to ensure everyone runs a foul of them?
It's always nice to see skyscrapers, cities constricting themselves vertically is a bad thing
Communists killed even more Russians and yet more than half of the latter today are fond of the soviet regime.
The church today displays some of the remains of the now canonised as saint-marters inhabitants of Batak;
Even the slightest increase in interest rates could induce strong withdrawal symptoms in the economy, and there is massive opposition to such a move even though in the long run the economy would be better off.
White people have the luxury of not having their skin colour tied to their origin
But there are so many great jams out there so why buy the more expensive novelty one
I'm sorry if my reply to you will sound negative or dismissive, it's just hard to put it nicely.
* We call SUVs and 4x4 vehicles "dzhipove" after the Jeep brand;
Its r/bulgariaaustria now
I live in Ruse, my country's 5th largest city
Idk, I think that networking helps a lot
Epiphany is a Christian holiday that celebrates the three wise kings visiting infant Jesus and his baptism in the Jordan river.
There has always been a Turkish party, even though it is strictly against the constitution.
were ex members (agents) of the communist secret police.
Yeah, someone has to be the poorest, and it was probably always going to be us, the quality of life and healthcare could have been so much better
Denmark seems to be less overwhelmed with regressive modern leftism and national/cultural relativism.
Is it annoying
We actually have two different words depending on the origin of the loanword - чуждици [chuz'ditzi]° which is used for words that existed in Bulgarian, essentially replacing a Bulgarian word and заемки [zaemki], which is used for words that did exist in Bulgarian
A monument standing is a monument inspiring
The one thing that really surprised me in Slovakia was dedicated religious TV channels and even sometimes they would show mass and other rituals on the regular channels
But yes i am pulling your legs Brits.
I honestly don't think many of "us" are that materialistic(something forced by circumstances).
The Kurds were actually quite happy with the Ottoman system.
On many occasions Turkish jet fighters violate Greek borders.
The answer is simple - NOTHING.
Almost everywhere you can't go and come whenever you want.
That's aid then, no
You can't want less unemployment, more investments etc without the proposed reforms, unless you just want France to borrow money until it's credit rating gets destroyed and it defaults leaving everybody in the country worse off
Hungary has never been anywhere but Central Europe – geographically and culturally.
Yes, in case of Bulgarian flag, it symbolizes the blood of the freedom fighters that lost their lives.
Why would you want to say Bulgarian Republic or Italian Republic instead of Bulgaria or Italy
If norway ever stops doing well without the EU, it's always welcome to join in my opinion
We don't, but the state of BDZh, the company that owns and provides train services is so bad, that it is a miracle we have trains at all
I can immediately spot a non-native speaker even from other Slavic languages, let alone from other language families speakers
Trump-the-Clown will make a trade war with the rest of the world.
Nowadays with the collapse of the ruble, the growing ESA budget and [a 30% cut] Russia is doing, the EU should be winning handily.
I don't care about insults about any country including my own
lol
**Historical heritage**
Just get your shit together and start hiding corruption better.
bg] are against government
It shows an ambition to solve *the biggest* problem humanity has ever faced, and threatening not to cooperate because it doesn't help the US economy or the "poor" American workers (not that he cares about them) is just a pisstake
Just kidding :P
The Bulgarian president has very limited powers.
Boyana Church - A 10-12th century church with some very well preserved medieval frescoes
Of course you can write stories like that.
I felt bad that we're sticking out on the Balkans (except for Turkey), but then I saw Bulgaria is at 25% and Greece is at 24
More embezzling here
technicaly,we do have a Stallone double in bulgaria
Yep, cause if the emissions were indeed little bit better it makes all the difference.
There are no schoolbook definitions to state the differences since it changes from country to country
We should focus on stopping war and murder rather than righting unright-able territorial claims.
It is really quick and easy and you can get a quick idea of other countries if you had none before, so that you feel closer to them
We have our own version of it thanks to a unique bacterium only found in bulgaria
But I know how the British behave on Sunny Beach, hahaha.
The only freedom you have that we don't is everyone being able to get a gun, but i don't think that's good for society.
We needed to know everything important about every country
>We've added the word equality everywhere for a reason, we aren't a liberal country and never will be
Efficiency/productivity is a complex thing.
Its usage is more common in words describing beer manufacturing
handicapped people eww
And prices are only going up
I liked both but Austria is nicer tbh
Inside smoking has been banned for years and yet at least half of the places will allow it
And that they are not ever going to act for the benefit of the public and always be on the side of Multinational Corporation's profits?
The most common is "Allo?" or just "Da?" (Yes?).
Source: am Boogerian
They have actual use on the internet, but that is not the case when we are talking about cardboard paper.
Connections to Byzantium are pretty huge, they were a heavy cultural influence.
* Ivan(a)
For sure, it made me ready for high school
In my own observations, swedes indeed smoke less if compared to western europeans, easterners and a lot less than southerners.
UK disagreed on that matter - it is their right.
**Historical heritage**
The Russian people and the Bulgarian people never forget their connection and the love for each other
It's **ILLEGAL IMMIGRANTS**, not foreigners, OP.
Many westerners seem to think of themselves as some benevolent people giving away free money.
) are already binding Europeans closer than ever and the trend is an upward one, so just give it time
I'd love to go to Uni there but most of their public universities don't seem to have Bachelors taught in English
Christmas is tomorrow
Sometimes they even do little ritual re-enactments of the everyday lives of our ancestors as a blessing for good health, good harvest and happy family
Macedonia also signed a friendship treaty with Bulgaria so Bulgaria helped them with Greece
- Sofia is the only place in the country with significant population growth (there are 3-4 cities where the population remains stable, everywhere else is in a nasty demographic crisis)
You think europeans who hate the UK are downvoting an article showing the delusions of brexiters?
Irreconcilable differences is really too strong.
It is not calla lily, even though it looks like.
Its r/bulgariaaustria now
I'm tired of this country being Borisov's personal circus, it would be the peak of stupidity if he gets elected ever again, after he keeps showing he doesn't want to govern, he just wants to win elections and brag about it
I know there was a law where a company could not slash jobs in France if the company was doing ok globally
Regarding German, I think it's the same as with French.
It ruled in the beginning of the millennium, after that had worse result and participated in coalition with BSP and then fell out the parliament and became largely irrelevant (Simeon Saxe-Coburg-Gotha had retired by this time)
Ah, Pernik, so many stereotypes and low-quality memes
Developed economies rely on the tertiary and quaternary sectors, so these degrees definitely have value for a country in the long run
Go be nomads in someone else's tolerant society?
Most Europeans are ahead and a few are behind so there is no rival
Bulgaria PM to quit after setback in presidential poll - BBC News
The really pro-Western crowd generally dislikes Trump.
Plus, if watch movies you'll noticed that Buena Vista logo looks like it.
No need to repeat that it was not part of the G7 when it stopped existing and rebranded as the G8.
A lot of company cars in France are white
If you see yellow snow it means you are very lucky, because it is a gift from God.
We have 10% flat tax in my country, close to no wellfare and zero riots.
English will be a lot more prevalent, so the language barrier will also shrink
They are not viewed favorably in Bulgaria, often close to Gypsies because of the darker skin.
A 2l bottle of Coca Cola full of Rakia
True that the island relies on tourism and money send from greek immigrants in the states, but as someone who visits greece once or twice a year i can tell you that all that talking about suffering is over exaggeration.
We start getting some results tonight after 8 PM local time, which is UTC +2.
We are pretty proud with our rose industry here in Bulgaria
Here it's almost the same but luckily no religion
Sure, smells nice (to some, for me it's like eating soap) and if you like it then maybe you have a forgotten jar at the back of your cupboards
The more Macron speaks, the more he drops in the polls.
It's basically a social program for Chinese workers and companies that someone else pays for
The first article of a state's Constitution usually reflects or rejects the spirit of the last one
Turns out, and I actually got into a fight over this, I should have somehow forced myself in front of him and taken the money out of the cashiers hands and replaced it with my own money, and then argued about it with him in public like a bunch of lunatics
There's so much stealing/buying of songs in this genre it's honestly hard to keep track of everything
Еби му майката Or боклук грозен Or в на майка ти устата Or пичка ти лелина Or маамкаму or да ти се невиди и "     " Or да ти еба майката Or курва Or шибан "insert profession " Or еби се Or боклук or деба твойта мама дееба Or бастун. But yeah по дяволите works
I feel most Bulgarians would name modern politicians.
Meanwhile the European Union: p-p-p-pwease s-s-stop that-t
Certainly not exclusive to the religion here, though I've seen very inviting pastors and priests in different Christian denominations
That's the fringe wing, the neo-nazis and the conspiracy nuts.
There's very little morality on the world stage and a military alliance is definitely not the first place it should be expected in
It's true, but what else can the EU Parliament do?
I think all plans are fully 4g now
Byzantine Empire = Eastern Roman Empire
I've graduated and am working in the construction engineering sector in DK
Sometimes we make great movies, really, really touching and powerful.
In 2013, when he was announced to lead the "Bulgarian FBI", DANS, tens of thousands of people protested for months
for cute little shops and coffee shops
This summer really is super odd
"enjoy the consequences of turning"
" in English and from there we either continue speaking English or hand language if they don't know it
And constantly posts passive-aggressive messages on their embassy's twitter.
resign
Then again, I haven't tasted my home's tap water for quite some time - I have been using a filtering pitcher for a few years now
Farming subsidies, they can be benefit.
I honestly don't know how Turkey can be helped.
Not in any way blaming the victims, just saying how I would deal with it.
How on earth UK politicians will react if someone from Brussels warns London about anything regarding Scotland?
Parents usually feel okey with having you around
Especially when they are based mostly on "used Cyrillic", "used Russian IP".
Well you freed us
|Parvan Penkin Ivanov|Parvan, son of Penka of the family of Ivan|
I am become bagpipe, destroyer of worlds
jesus, that's bad
When you point out that the carbon lobby is way more rich and powerful, it doesn't really matter, they just change the subject
Will not be surprised if other banks do the same.
For now it is all speculations.
No actually nothing should be taxed and people should have all the freedom and responsibility to take care of themselves, not a state burreaucracy.
The ottomans have done many genocides in their time they have killed hundreds of thousents of bulgarian peasants during their occupation for things such as looking at them the wrong way the ottomans are awful and cruel people
I thought it was a joke at first, but I'm really starting to believe (well, not yet really, but it is kind of suspicious) he is Putin's puppet or something.
Funny how this type of behaviour is okay on /europe/ as long as it's against the English.
It was disgusting, something that will never happen in Europe, I hope, ever.
Luxembourg - Am I a joke to you
Efficiency in agriculture can be achieved through pulling together large areas of land and managing them to scale.
You also obviously don't know shit about "Eastern Europe", so there is no need to include it in you statement.
Hell we have excess to sell
Buying politicians, even whole parties, and paying for political propaganda and misinformation
Public consumption of alcohol for example.
I love Europe and I love my European brothers and sisters.
Pretty easy to pronounce
Would be interesting if there is a graph of negative opinions about eastern europeans in Western Europe.
wow, that's some extreme downvoting.
)|Sofia University Sveti Kliment Ohridski|
The more exposure he had the bigger his influence grew, if we ignore the obvious primary rigging.
And at the end of the day - we are affected.
*Deutsch ist einfach
This needs to be fixed but lowering your standing on the world list as well as your research output is not the way to go about it
Kingdom of Acadia - quite tricky to determine, but I'd say it's more South American than Siberian, but some might say it actually belongs in Northeastern Australia
My claim is merely a doubt towards the original, which you agreed with, but have still given no evidence for, despite bearing the original burden of proof.
I moved to Germany after I got my bachelor's degree back home
That’s a kick ass bike
The celebration is an odd one - a cross is thrown in the river from a priest and young men swim or run (depending on how shallow it is) in the water to race and retrieve it
Later that officer told him he said this and didn't continue further because he noticed they were completely surrounded and there was no point in dying for nothing
Happy achievement
The official name isn't Germany, it should be Deutschland if anything
Nobody curved anything out of Bosnia.
Just moderately competent ones who are great teachers.
I hope economic growth brings people back to the country
Or if you like ancient history, go to East Rhodope - there are dozens of ancient temples, fortresses, very well preserved Roman villa
Nobody is blaming US for dictators killing people.
It actually works in most cases.
I can have walks more than 10 minutes long and there are a lot more stores to waste my time in
There are many stories of samodivas attacking people in the 70s and the 80s. The video distorts the legend a little - the men taken by the samodivas are not tortured to death, but they forget to eat or sleep so they die of exhaustion
In here they just huff glue, like they do in Brazil
Our state pension fund pays out 4bn euro annually, where 2.1bn come from the national budget (taxes), and 1.9bn from people's contributions.
And whose opinion matters to you then other than your own?
We also pronounce Washington with a hard V - Vashington and we still use Bulgarian names for most cities in Northern Greece and European Turkey, most notably Thessaloniki is Solun and Edirne is Odrin
I knew what I was going into and still got triggered
This is the first day since the April snowfalls to have such temperatures
:D Almost thought someone had actually written a book about migration in Bulgaria
I used to have long hair in my teenage years and I think the reason it’s a lot less common than short hair is because it takes much more effort to maintain and during summer it just gets way too hot
It's real hair
And the bad children he takes with him when he leaves
In Bulgaria  it's sometimes Austrian companies that renovate public spaces, Spanish ones build roads, French ones supply machines for factories, German ones build the metro, etc
Doesn't mean is higher than being a Jew in Israel
but still celebrated her name day
Hmm, what happens to Macedonia when we are done though, I feel like this is important for some reason...
It is a rare event to have snow in April and many people are worried for their harvests, when it happens, because the trees and the early cultures have already blossomed
We have a couple of very colourful expressions
Well, we kinda invade the northern Greek coast every summer, so you could say, we are almost there
While this doesn't exhortation what happened, it's not like Russia was trying to find a way to murder Dutch people
With a car it could be 1 hour one day and 4 hours another
Since I started before the entire Brexit fiasco I'm eligible for a student loan from the UK government
Female employment equality, hospitral beds or public transport.
Well regardless of what Russia has become, we still have a blood debt to the Russians for freeing us from 500 years of ottoman slavery
From your southern neighbours, Bulgaria
NATO killed one thousand
All slavic languages have wild amounts of similarities
The real shock was an international study of reading known as PIRLS, published in 2017, in which French pupils lagged in 34th position, behind those in Spain, Portugal and Italy
Remember the song Spanish Sahara by Foals
Would like to learn a bit of Serbian for fun.
Doesn't have to be war with Poland, Jews, or literally genocide.
Day after day you gotta read of some new problem/clash/dispute that countries like Poland, Japan or Hungary never have.
10 leva - 1kg
It is not a common thing to assume that people eat dogs in Serbia
Ancient City of Nessebar - Initially a Thracian settlement from 3000 bc, then a Greek colony, then Byzantine, then Bulgarian etc
Slavic: Dobromir, Simeon, Momchil, Presiyan, Kaloyan, Mihail, Ivan, Petar
If 1
It isn't of our concern how "fantastic" or not Lybia is, it is of our concern to enforce our borders and decide who we want to come in, for which there is a legal process.
It means "pistol".
\- trying to move towards parts of the crowd where more people wear masks
We shouldn't have to rely on it, but here we are
Also, all of my prayers and thoughts go to the Lebanese people and the ones affected by it
I really don't think this is unique to my company either
LoL, like is that supposed to be a legitimate threat by FB
The oligarchy will just become more powerful and entrenched
After that I prefer busses/planes/cars etc
Will post in r/Europe about your Brequit - Do you think all that Brexit thing posted in this sub regularly on daily basis is boring?
Much better than the tasteless white-red-white flag
The system has many problems and adopting many of the American “business first” concepts of healthcare was a stupid idea
We are having an election in 2 weeks and as always people abroad will be able to vote and some politicians indeed do campaign there.
That's too much, but it would have been nice if it happened
Here's the deal, things are so fucked up that any new party that comes in power will undoubtedly be as worse as Borisov
Wait what
Are there beaches like in hotter countries where people go to sunbathe and tan?
It is indeed, although quite different to the other ones.
Unless Europe addresses that it will have to deal with more and more illogical politicians with self-destructive tendencies as heads of governments, as opposition leaders, as members of EP
I've had some literature professors tell me about Botev something along the line of: "Thank goodness he died before the liberation because had he survived he'd probably end up with a tarnished legacy
[bgmaps
During the 90s protests in Bulgaria one January it was very popular to sing "Whoever does not jump is red (aka commie)".
The new generation is a bit more disillusioned/perceptive
If I had to pick it would be still somewhere in the 21th century
Thinking invasions are reserved for the Brits :P
I am biased of course, but when I hear or read any other Slavic language I am like "I think Bulgarian might be easier".
To have your garbage taken you also have to pay a small tax, which they usually don't.
We always wish the best for him but his manipulative ex wife convinced him to change his last name and turned him against us so now he cries foul when we try to remind him that we are family
Then Kaloyan continued after them and defeated the Latin empire that had taken over constantinople
If you can read this, you are too old to drink milk
Yes, yes, and yes to jokes about stupid superiority over other nations which are in fact at our expense
Interesting, but i could not understand the meaning and reason of posting it here.
With so many young people migrating west, if that isn't true, it soon will be
and then stealing their suits
:) I think it was once a month.
I had to either walk a lot or spend a lot of money on Uber to get around
Personally, I find landing in a country that doesn't have English as its official language and expecting to be able to converse in English ridiculous.
He was just making a connection with the crusades.
A new Constitution can only be written and enacted by the Grand National Assembly
Slovo is more commonly used for "Speech" rather than "Word".
The young are taught to hate it, the old remember it with nostalgia.
Yes, it is sad that a building with so much history, having endured a lot and inspired so many people is burning down, but think about it
I usually regard Spiegel rather high.
Australia is anglophone country.
>Sadly everyone is going for fancy degrees now like marketing, economics and psychology
I meant what I said and nothing more, nothing less
A lot of people are getting better about it and having public trashcans helps but seeing people just toss a soda bottle and burger wrapper from their car as they drive along is just so rage-inducing
It literally keeps them in school, doing homework and hobbies
We joke abput BULGARIA ON THREE SEAS
I think it would be easier to create one giant hill (around 70 m or what
In my highschool there were classes with 30 people, my class had 29 in 8th grade, then it shrunk to 28, because a girl switched schools and left, then for some time we were 29 again, because they moved some dude from another class into our class, but later he was moved to another school and we remained 28 until the end
Boyko was something like a boxer or something
They're quite openly calling for taking Macedonia, Albania and Northern Greece
Its either маймунско а (maymunsko a) "monkey a" or кльомба (klyomba) wich I don't think can be translated as something other than @ .
|Albena Marinkina Yavorova|Albena, daughter of Marinka of the family of Yavor|
" Exaggeration
The better the schools the more talent will come
Send help because I don't have AC at home and the one in my car doesn't work
Always arguing about which city is the second biggest (Plovdiv always seems to win by a couple of thousand)
Here's an old school song I love:
Hitler considered Bulgarians were a mix of Iranians, Mongolians,Turks and of Aryan origin,maybe thats were the Macedonians got the whole Bugari Tatari thing.
The judges who overturned his ban he branded "so-called", said the justice system should be blamed if a terror attack did happen and his entire team has been saying judges shouldn't be able to overturn his orders.
Bulgaria also has a pagan tradition to celebrate the end of winter, which is called [Baba Marta] Here it is celebrated on March 1st.
A bunch of NGOs and some small fraction of people in /r/europe AKA basically no resistance.
My whole country's population is decreasing rappidly
Btw, one conspiracy I believe in is that all of this outrage is fueled by Russian propaganda
Today was the Kuker festival in Pernik Bulgaria.So want to share with you the intro for the upcoming animated series''The Golden Apple'' based on balkan mythology
In Bulgaria people hate the Ottoman Empire, followed by a strong distrust of the Turkish state.
My God, I didn't know such a thing existed until now.
People who feel safe in their cars with their ABS, seatbelts and other safeties drive more recklessly
And, most importantly, home to Saint Nicholas who brings presents to all good  Dutch children
It removes their ability to do dynamic changes to be competitive
They also look very calm, in good health, slimmer than their Istanbul and Athens counterparts, intelligent and ready to pose for pictures.
It's very possible the methodology used is very different.
At the beginning of spring every year we have festivals around the country where men would dress with thick costumes made of animal hydes and fur and wear a ton of giant bells around their waists
I'm very strongly offended by people being easily offended
Ach, Berlin
What if it's a bit harder to get in to university if your education is overall better
Not so much a matter of religion, as a sort of “tribal loyalty” towards a perceived Civilization.
He’s one of the lucky ones because many people his age, both in the country and in the cities, have basically been abandoned by their family or have nobody left to care for them
I expected The Netherlands to be first legal weed and all.
The argument is more like that NATO hasn't had more defensive moments because no one is dumb enough to be attacking it
What is the goal
Yeah, having the same identity and name, that's the whole point
Unlike the rest of the Slavic languages, Bulgarian has articles and she never uses "the", so it sounds like your typical Russian in American movies with bad grammar and bad pronunciation
No I'm  saying that a system where nobody starves and food is wasted may be better than  a  system where nobody starves and nothing is wasted, because the second   has no room for mistakes or disasters
It did improve lives in eastern europe!
Your point is about macedonians, not about bulgarians
Every sport in which we stand a chance (not many occassions though)
Moved out at 29
Hell yeah
Very accurate
There's been a ton of them and I know the first one (called just "Assassin's Creed") was from Ubi's Montreal studios
Wow, unlike this shitshow, ours was agreed from a Brussels Council, meaning a lot of people prepared for it.
Reading comprehension level 1 out of 20.
Its not only about skin color but also about touristic patterns.
At that point in time almost all of that land had a majority Bulgarian population with the exception of parts of Macedonia (Greek)
This is yet another emotional argument that really doesn't mean anything
Tbh I would have preferred a Trump victory because he doesn't really care about the rest of the world as much and the USA wouldn't meddle in my countrie's already burning garbage politics
The "socialist" party is pretty much made up of such millionaires.
I say this a a believer
Muslims worship a pedophile tho.
Mathematics, languages, science, some arts
Well I don't know where you are from, but where I am all people drink tap water it's much better than bottled one
We were drinking all day yesterday in Sofia (Studentski Grad) in many pubs and bars.
33% tax is not only higher than the maximum tax in the UK(30%), it doesn't help smaller businesses
The Balkans were fairly peaceful when the term was coined
Please tell me you don't actually believe in the wage gap
I don't like him but I am not surprised, GERB really dropped the ball this time.
Ew it looks discusting how can somone drink sausage
The structure and lexical complexities are very different, trying to aproach it as if they shared more than a *some* words is a sure way to learn *nothing*.
I'm from Eastern Bulgaria or " the province". I mean, they call everything the province except the capital Sofia
White
Slavic speakers have a better chance
Not at all in the UK
I cannot fucking believe you also *tip* for that
It's exactly the same in here
Think there were tensions between Quebec and the rest of the Canadian provinces some years ago.
Pyrrhic victory means a victory that came at such a cost as if you had lost
We are all eagerly watching the new EU prosecutor
Elections are in a few months anyway
Turned off adblocker and it worked.
Eastern Europeans: Manage to be the greatest victims of this Western war
["Oblache le byalo"] - has numerous versions by many artists, popular among everyone probably
>At no point did I hear anyone in France talk about competitivity of universities, except those who want to increase their cost to entry of course
not so much, but they are very epic indeed
So far Brequit hasn't happened and all that talking is...speculations.
Nah, I think we really do have relatively good relations with them at the moment
I was visiting my girlfriend's family in Malta for the first time last year, and I was surprised to see people living in houses keeping the front door opened
We also have a ton of Chinese food shops and we don't post stuff about China, right
What is the name and the habitat of the flower?
Russia's history, culture and ethnics are european, so not really.
French
Small independent ones, whose journalists, editors and owners get beat  in the streets, have their card set on fire etc
Than what you said was even more stupid
Oh OK, i thought Scania is a truck and bus producer.
[Immigration to the UK hits record levels]
How dare you bother me at work?
Nah, that's the prime minister, he also likes Russia and gave Putin a puppy once so he's also cool
Considering far-left anarchists, marxists and communists around the world are among the most fervent supporters of conspiracy theories whilst at the same time most hardline atheists, i doubt there's a correlation.
The churches here are completely empty, there are basically no religious processions or large festivities, the church is entirely passive and non existant in social life.
In my opinion we need a two-tier Europe but the option to join the first-tier will always be there for those that are willing to deepen that integration.
M5 in Istanbul is 100% automatic and it runs really well
Average on global trade, that's what i meant.
In the case of a single mother, the kid gets it's middle and last name from her
I would go with the years under Ottoman yoke leading to the Liberation of Bulgaria - a time of хайдути (haiduti), legions that were prepared from abroad, organising the peoples in secret for an uprising
And yes we do have different dialects, isn't that a thing in every language?
We only got a few points from North Macedonia and Turkey if I remember correctly
There's many but I can only think of one right now - Ксерокс (kseroks/Xerox) for photocopier - it's a word we use more than "Копирна машина" (copying machine), because as you might guess, Xerox is the first and most popular brand for those here
All Europe has to do is keep European talent in.
USA is not in the EU and still 100 percent of I-phones are made outside the USA with minimal labour regulations and so forth.
> бабка - dragonfly (ukr)
Bulgarians will start coming back maybe in 15-20 years when the country is more advanced and the wages are similar to Central Europe now
Football is an entertainment industry, so whoever gets people entertained gets paid more, and people like Ronaldo entertain people a LOT
The male list:
Thanks, I really needed to see something wholesome today
Edit: who inexplicably were also partially in charge of catering (very agrarian) and providing workers with
Imagine waking up after a Sunday afternoon nap and when you go to pee you find a smelly big ass turd in the toilet
Do you guys feel awkward a bit if it's cramped if you need that much space outside
Next time a sexual puritan like the one who censored the statue or a political commissar like yourself sees something on the internet you don't like do us all a favour and shut your own laptop instead.
It is located near Seutopolis, the capital city of the Thracian king Seutes III
Read my first comment - getting tired of all that Bresomething.
he is from Tyrnavou ( or something ), a place famous for Tsipouro or Ouzo.
Just read alot thats my tip
Most people on this subreddit are unfamiliar with our traditions.
She was in her 60s though and this was more than a decade ago so maybe different generation thinking.
Austria championed what was known as "Enlightened Absolutism" as opposed to Prussia's Military Absolutism (later Prussian Constitutionalism) or Russia's Samoderzhavie.
Remember, there were times when Europe was pretty fascist as well
Because we are not close to polar circle.
I was in 7th grade (13 y/o) when I decided to go to the spelling bee in my school
There are dozens of them, dozens!
Even Europe is starting to ackowledge the situation (There was a debate in the europarliament today related to the situation in Bulgaria, 2 weeks after the hearing in LIBE, in which the chief prosecutor made a lie that he called for the meeting which he didn't even attend, debunked by LIBE themselves)
And we use chao pronoused as the Italian hello - ciao , in Bulgarian mean Bye
But there are so many great jams out there so why buy the more expensive novelty one
Either way they're setting these phonetowers on fire, which is funny because there is no 5g in the Netherlands yet
We call them "kukeri" and they pretty much look just like that.
Europe is the continent that gave the world the largest ammount of political sciences, ideologies, philosophic schools, economic systems, social movements and revolutions.
I'm very strongly offended by people being easily offended
We have elections coming here and it's the party which lead us into hyperinflation back in the 90s that is likely to win most votes (not to mention that it is the party that inherited the Communist party here).
Ach, quatsch
The Rail Baltica is already under construction and it will link Helsinki (via ferry)
:) Ironically it's the same with the Apple products.
NATO's track record hasn't been stellar but frankly considering it represent a huge chunk of global military and economic might it could have been much worse
2016 was the best year for the tourism business, it looks like 2017 will be another great year.
We celebrate both evenings
It would actually be a blessing for us here in Bulgaria and other such countries in deeeeep demographic catastrophe.
Thankfully, I could not care less what some clueless American thinks.
Well the education is: 4yx 9k =36k(which is not true cuz when i started it was still 6
Ruins and corruption :(
We share a lot of culture, history, music, national heroes, etc
We went out to a amusement park and this friend of mine told me I should pay the tickets because this other friend of mine wasn't that rich
Bullshit, find another reason - Greece is just as religious as Romania, with well preserved Orthodox church and traditions that weren't killed by communist regime like there, and yet quite more accepting of gays.
What system would be better
That can trigger anti-English sentiment on the continent.
Yeah, monsters go to Russia and get depressed
It would be stupid to send weapons to your future enemy.
What’s the difference between hispanic white and non hispanic white
Wanna upvote you but you have 111 points right now and I find that to be very, very appropriate
Even Kliment Ohridski University in Sofia *kind of* looks like this.
I’d say “Google it” but that will be a very sad search
When I vote, it's mostly the least bad choice
Saint Nicholas comes with a ship
I thought about rakija but that also applies to the rest of our Balkan siblings
If you are going to compare you might as well compare to the situation in the US after 9/11 when due process was suspended and a whole class of people were imprisoned without trial or due process.
Thank you to Russia for helping liberate us from the ottomans
The regime you couldn't take down yourself so that the Americans had to do it for you
I didn't want a slavic accent so I learnt English from my babysitter at the time (foreigner, native speaker) only to realise, wait, slavic accents sound kinda scary, I wanna be scary
I prefer [this] but yours cool too
Whataboutism
Those are not gags
Let's count them, protests in Bulgaria, Hungary, Serbia, where else in the eu are there protests
But if i have to choose between anti-British and anti-European i pick up the first one.
It allowed them to push their agenda and propaganda among muslims throughout the globe with devastating consequences for Middle East and Europe.
We're going nowhere with this
I'm not an expert on the specifics of her politics but she seems balanced and responsible from what i've seen.
Booze and chips is college party
Mourning about some oligarch's losing a bit of property bought with money of unclear origin rather than mourning about one's country being sucked by greedy oligarchs and nepotist elite - oh, how rational and patriotic, you comrade...
Stand for your rights
Sagres is a good place and attracts a lot of British tourists, however is at the Atlantic Ocean so the water is far colder.
You seem to fail to grasp the idea that the people voting for the far right are doing it because the believe their societies are alrady being pushed towards doom by culturally relativist extremists on the left, and the only ones offering to stop this are the far right.
I reckon the op is looking to find out if they can get a pan Europe sim or something like that?
As for the leftists, well, things here are pretty messed up in that aspect.
Scotland does not have the right to negotiate with foreign countries on behalf of Scots, all that was and still is done by the UK government.
As a Turk from Bulgaria I like it when I see Europe united.
You can't expect from responsible leaders to give dodgy opinions about it, no matter what they actually think.
Americans fought against the british and later with them.
There are couple other middles of Europe, depending how you measure it.
I'm really grateful for that and I hope I continue learn new languages (I actually know some Russian, this time i learned it through school)
I want the commission president to be elected directly
Euro is the lifetime project of the EU.
Bulgaria is experiencing it's second wave right now, we reached 10 000 cases (4689 active 5585 recovered) and 347 dead on Monday so people are kinda worried
Hey
Last I checked the USB standard introduced to stop it by EU demand is on it's 7th major version
It is not the cars one should be worried about.
I mean countries are legally required to help Turkey if it gets attacked
I started an anti-offshores petition in the wake of the Panama case months ago.
Ah, yeah - when scammers come to your place.
The opposite of the picture given in this comment chain.
That's what I used to think it was when I was really young and stared out of my school's window.
Besides Muslim countries haven't complained only of Muhammad drawings
Several countries have abolished their versions of the tax in recent years, including Austria, Denmark, Germany, The Netherlands, Finland, Sweden and Spain, and Greece
Prophetic article about Crimea's annexation from 2008
UPDATE: A second riot erupted a few hours ago- [video from a TV station]
In the past few weeks you've posted memes implying Trump is going to restrict press freedoms and that "he is the law".
Igoumenitsa means a female 'igoumen' or a female abbot or the wife of the abbot in bulgarian.
I guess the situation is like that, there's nobody you actually want to vote for, but then when someone gets elected they act so outrageous you *have* to go out on the streets after all.
Guess it's everywhere
If someone can answer why his hair always looks like he just dipped it in bacon grease though that would be awesome
So, I'd say that Montenegro is definitely Middle-Near-Far-West-North-Eastern Afro-South-Americo-Asio-European, with a few Polynesian and Martian hints
Ancient (proto-) Bulgarians have long been thought of as a Turkic population however the results of the DNA tests suggest a western Eurasian matrilineal origin for proto-Bulgarians.
There's no such thing as "basic science" in the Bulgarian education system
**Russian** around 65% to 70%. It's very akin to archaic Bulgarian
The riots in Paris suburbs are annual, we have never had any here in Sofia, despite being much much poorer and without wellfare like them.
Let them solve the situation by themselves, it is their country and it is up to them to decide what they want as their future and no one else should be meddling around in their business.
It's relevant in you inability to comprehend the topic.
Yes, Bulgarian has singular and plural "you" and "thank" is just a verb
Who could have thought they'd come back so fast and be so malicious
>Sadly everyone is going for fancy degrees now like marketing, economics and psychology
The National Refference Laboratory works with HIV/AIDS cases and each patient that goes there to be tested can talk to a psycologist on sight
He is a subsistence farmer on a crumbling property and lives in 2 rooms
|Boris Stoynev Zografski|Boris, son of Stoyno of the family of the  Zograf (church painter)
Why would he react that way if it were just a false rumour?
All that work going to leisure, enterteintment, spending time with family and friends or being 'creative".
I expect similar happening to go on after pulling away for a central watchdog.
Also, from browsing some of the pro-Trump subreddits and comment sections, I see a lot of whataboutism and pointing fingers
They usually get portrayed as basic drunks, really poor and who exclusively listen to Serbian pop-folk (a Balkan type of music)
Her grandfather still doesn’t have indoor plumbing, doesn’t drive a car
The only people that get regularly paid are actually government and municipal employees.
Very easy actually, compared to spanish or german
It is a day off, but not because of Workers' day
Mostly young people, which seem to often be with a mindset 'it's not my job'.
I'm surprised they haven't removed it, considering they destroyed the [Kutaisi war memorial] and that was dedicated to Georgian soldiers who died in WWII
God damn, those people can't be serious, this has to be a neo-nazi recruitment video of sorts.
We have the lowest taxes in EU, if i'm not wrong.
And while yes there have been multiple revisions on Type C (5 total so far), so has the previous one
In Bulgaria, the president is not attached to it - the president is a separate institution and the head of the government is the prime minister
You're probably not going to find a place that's civil and friendly in Eastern Europe if you're a black person.
I don't care, your logic is simply bad.
Third worlders have more children than Europeans.
Yes, at least in my region
The fuel tax, something we can argue all day that is beneficial for France and the WORLD, of 6c has been removed now
All we got from this was brain drain and importing shitty food from Greece the same of which we grow ourselves far better in quality but send to Germany
Also I think that living abroad for a few years is an experience that everyone who has the opportunity should try out
It's all of them dying and the take over by the communists why we're currently so bad off
Just preferential access to the market for western companies.
The Globe still spins, and the trade still continues and will continue just under slightly different rules - WTO.
I must say, Sofia
Are you even aware of what happened to the Muslims while their lands were under joint Russo-Armenian control?
The frying of cut potatoes was invented by the Irish
Could be better aid
We mostly don't use the "I" part of "I'm". For example, if someone were to ask me "What are you doing", they'd mostly phrase it as (literal translation) "What are doing", but with a different form of "doing" so that I know it's related to me
Turks are playing cocky with all of their neighbors.
It basically means that all documents regarding the EU should be available in all of the EU's official languages.
I used to play an MMO with some Slovakian guys some years back and was surprised by how much I understood from their written conversations.
You say they ought to understand
We don't give a damn about Brequit nor for the UK.
Another reason is,when for example a pack of 300 gypsies moves to a German/English/French town to abuse welfare after which you get the local medias writing articles about that
I don't see why anyone would have a problem with that.
Nesebar is my favourite city but the noise of Sunny beach is ruining the whole area
There is a giant pot hole on the street right in front of my house that has been there for almost a decade but it still hasn't been fixed because of lack of funds.
Productivity and income correlate strongly, but yeah, you're right.
Sure, not everyone, but not enough to warrant forcing it on everyone
Serbia has been much more of a friend to Russia in the last 100 years than us or the Baltic states
Most people call it "маймунско а"(monkey a), I just call it "at", bacouse it is shorter and easier
No real equivalent to a th sound so it gets substituted with a d
Have i written "whoever disagrees with me..."?
we have it in Russia too
Sweden and Finland torture(SFT) is a geopolitical activity involving
We did it reddit
This has nothing to do with who is actually ruling, who is responsible for the state, who leaves a mark on history
I thought Montenegro as a whole was quite cool
I sometimes even catch myself when I had done it and I am always like "shit I just said the name of the country in English" to the person I am speaking
Version from my school made no sence but was less offensive and rhymed
All kinds of traditional dress are welcomed, though since it's a festival in Bulgaria the vast majority of people wear the clothing typical for Bulgaria
Some guys occasionally post every now and then.
I'm so ignorant of Europes history, it's embarrassing
That coming from someone whose country is notorious for forcibly changing borders in Europe, is...hypocrisy.
The 10 female figures carved in high relief on the walls of the central chamber and the decoration of the lunette in its vault are the only examples of this type found so far in the Thracian lands
Annoying, but cute
Country is farthest from being bankrupt since the creation of Modern Bulgaria
Sounds a little like the English word "plane" which just means the direct opposite of mountain
Just the sheer fact that their languages has 18 CASES is enough to drive crazy any foreigner, foolish enough to try and learn the language
Оглеждам се като обран евреин. - "To look around like a robbed jew
[Legend of the first Kuker Warrior]
That's for constantly blocking us from Schengen
Oh we have a shit ton, not a city or village in Bulgaria where you won't see some sorta stray animal
If you live in Hungary, you should've notices how used the rails are there
Just a country like any other country.
And how is that an excuse to bash America?
Sounds like he jacked off all the time.
How can you compare Islam to Catholicism?
Banning Saudi imams and funding in Europe would be a must.
&#x200B;
For example Emmanuel Macron in the role of a president is way more powerful than the Bulgarian president
Good shit
For example, they have established an immovable property commission:
We use only grams (kgs) and mls (liters).
Anyone who doesn't like Rosen is a propaganda troll
It was initially rejected for "illegally using the national flag" in the logo, so he tried registering it again under a different name
It took varangians, the Kiev Rus and the byzantine romans with the most legendary General they have ever had in their entire history to finally kick our assess
Edit: mistakes fixed
I wonder if someone lives in those buildings.
One must be careful about allowing wishful thinking to outweigh reality
Every summer I wonder how is Spain possible
calling it now: Brazil 0 - Uganda 4 in 2022
Racist joke's? Yes
That is ***NO EXCUSE*** for what just happened today
Maybe they can hire Mitsubishi/CAF to build a good automation
How is an EU army different from NATO?
Me not happy
What do Sweden's laws on what is considered sexual assault have anything to do with migrants a few times more likely to commit sexual assault than Europeans?
Even to this date a lot of Israelis come each year specifically to Bulgaria to visit because they still remember what we did for them
Some days ago i posted a question about Brething on r/askeurope.
Good to see the EU has found its balls!
I think the EU would have been the choice if there was such an option too.
Uhm
I am very disappoint in yyyyyyyyyyyyy :******
Same
I guess that one time in 1277, when Ivaylo, a peasant from Northern Bulgaria, led an uprising that resulted in the demise of emperor Konstantin Tih Asen
It's mostly true for Bulgaria as well
so it's not really religion-centered
I just replied I was Bulgarian, then she asked me if I was Latino
Interest earnings would be quite minor though relative to what he would have to pay if it was treated as regular income.
About 30 - 40 minutes by a nasty, smelly tram, or close to 1h 30 minutes by walk
Here in Bulgaria we usually have very hot 32+ daily weather in the summer and not much rain but here we are rarely hitting 30s and it's constantly raining
They are delicious
Holy shit
No work ethic whatsoever
And yet without the Soviets pushing for it, the space race wouldn't have happened, and we would be far from where we are now.
According to Wikipedia, it is in fact.
Either the short time between the Balkan wars or during Simeon's golden century
Germany has no wish to be the leader of the free world, the ones making that claim are americans.
I hope she looses but I do not think it is too far fetched to at least entertain what the consequences of her win would be.
Well, technically, it wasn't; the intention was to have control over a buffer zone between the USSR and untrustworthy Western states.
I would love to go to work with a bike even tho I'll probably get killed on our streets but the sweat is a no-no for me
Pretty hard when you account for the largest userbase.
But even after that, money is not enough and they divert state or EU funds to push their agenda, hence misuse the money.
Better than the "moderate" rebels half of which are with the same values as ISIS
Men are told they have to do one gay porn film so they go on to women, but then they only do gay porn
It is an effective way to dodge EU regulations
So bulgaria isn’t in EU now
When you want to eat but your mom is in a hurry/has something else to do/can't give you anything: You ate my ears
So all in all about 100 km of roads in the whole country
Lots of forests though
3)Serbia - we had a bunch of wars and we won most of them
If you can't fire employees that are bad, or make it very hard, overall a business will be slow in hiring new workers,especially youth workers
They shouldn't be allowed freedom of movement on the European soil.
No one said they are cutting the forests they own (if they own any)...
I'm sorry but that's my honest opinion.
It's pretty much expected for anyone under 30 to speak some level of English, and anybody over 50 to speak at least *some* Russian
Let's cranck it up babaay
The Thracians were divided by the Hemimont mountains into Hellenised (south) and Romanized (north) Thracians during the Roman Empire.
* **GERB's Proposal for a New Constitution** \- after two months of anti-government protests and accusations that the current ruling government can't provide the change demanded by the street, the ruling GERB party and it's braindead leader Boyko Borisov, came up with the briliant idea to write a new Constitution
I feel bad for laughing at this.
Some other legends claim he placed his wife's soul in the foundation of the bridge as sacrifice to the Devil, so the beridge can stand
Do you really need dobrudzhja
We've been subsidizing ours since forever.
There's also an optional "zanimalnya" which is basically a "study hall" you can sign your kid up for
We are able to visit Mongolia any time we want since we are stronk mongols
I want Europe to remain European.
Cheers
Nothing else
"Chief, should we attack with the fleet or the cavalry
Sorry for forgetting that every time a Russian takes a shit a Serbian has a meal
* Tsvetlin(a)
Trump-the-Clown wants to turn into Trump-the-little-Dictator.Hmm.
And you guys keep complaining about Gibraltar.
I don't think there's anything to be embarrassed about though, you can't know everything about everywhere
I am not in the tree-climbing phase of my life anymore :D
But a train from Greece to Hungary, Hungary to France or Romania to Czechia will allow thousands to travel faster
And believe me when I tell you, as an Eastern European, they aren't the only symptom
I know Dutch people who moved out in their early teens 16ish
And if there are any dislocated in EE, it is because of NATO.
We don't keep in touch much, but I know where most of the best from our course are and neither of them is a teacher right now
Now maybe we get a bit of snow during January and February
I can only hope less and less people care about it in the future.
This is screwing the rest because we can't shut them down and we only consume a finite amount of power
"That you can do that, I did not know"
Bulgaria was hit quite hard by refugees trying to go for Western Europe
National authorities must step in.
It's pretty much expected that if you have a **full-time job** (after graduating) and live with your parents you'd chip in for expenses - either covering specific bills yourself (phone, cable, internet) or helping with the total expenses (buying groceries, paying part of the electricity bill, etc
But it is completely insane to ban sell of cigarettes unless you don't want to boost the black market.
I would have said [Alexander Nevsky Cathedral]
That's fine hahaha, our flags are pretty similar
It's like a person advertising a funeral of someone at another person's funeral
They are the only one of our neighbors who have plausible reasons to want to invade us and the only one who is capable of succeeding
As I just said in another comment, the people descending from ancient tribes that were conquered and then latinized have no right to claim that their ancestors were somehow responsible for the Roman legacy
Brave
I'm pretty sure this is not true.
Serbian is way different than ours, it has cases, some words are completely different, some are the opposite, grammar is not the same....
I am not an expert but here's what wikipedia says:
Now I'm imagining a herd of spooky cows going "Boo!
A typical fix for them is to rent out parts of their buildings to private clinics, so they can make some money
It's probably the best thing ever written by a Bulgarian, apart from poetry
ANy reasonable person would fly from Finland to Greece, but any reasonable person would take the train from Sofia to Bucharest if it was 2 hours rather than 7, as it is now
But it is unique among nations in the extent to which [it utilizes frozen ethnic conflicts to achieve its objectives]
Let's create Europe's own "Big Mac Index"
Those women are against xenophobia and racism.
Its got my vote for the worst food maybe in the history of Earth itself
every second car I see is a BMW or something expensive even the compact cars are relatively new in Bulgaria
Born in Sofia and having been to the capitals of about a half of the Balkan states (Istanbul, Belgrade, Bucharest and Athens), I must admit that although it was bombed much more than Sofia, Belgrade is still more beautiful due to the heavy Central-European influence in architecture.
The houses were barely houses, they were closer to mansions
In Bulgaria, specifically plovdiv, we say "на майната" (na mainata) which probably has some weird etymology
Never seen anything similar anywhere else I’ve been
15 leva (~ 4
great, geoguessr will become even harder
Actually this is a story from 4 months ago and in the course of several conflicting public statements it became clear there is truth to it.
I noticed we have some good ties regardless of some history
even an American flair would be more correct.
As a European who has lived in America for about 15 years now and want to move back to Europe soon, it really reaffirms my decision to move back to Europe since I hear everyone talking about how much they hate America
one of us, one of us, one of us
Were those 16 degrees over Sofia recorded on some mountain top
I will just take my leave,kind sir
It will open *at some point*.
&#x200B;
Hmm...only 145 respondents from Bulgaria.
As a resident of country A you get the same rights and the same access to services, natives get
It's obvious he should not work as a Russian puppet or for achieving Russian interests, when it's not profitable for the whole world and all the sides.
And the same insulation thickness on every floor.
Guy who suggested it is Polish, I would like to help tho.
I've never met someone here from any of the groups listed, so most people would have very little knowledge about these countries and the people there.
so there's that
Our Fatman can't even get that thing correctly
For example, drinking of alcohol was much less prevalent in their ranks, and care for their horses was much higher.
I want to see a solution where the rights of each people are respected.
So there's a long history of the traditional greens being aligned with the BSP.
Greeks can not bear the burden of such huge amount of loans.
That is hilarious lmao
Zoom in and you will actually see its very dark red
This probably takes the lack of crimiminalisation laws to mean legalisation, which it's not
I just hate them so much mhm
That's why our (Europeans?) pension systems where pensions are heavily subsidized from the state's budget are terribly wrong.
Sofia is amazing and eat everything.
However winters in the Balkans are short, cold, dump with considerable snowfall.
There are those things at Bulgarian tables too but we don't care lol
You think 19th century Wallachians decided to give the name of their unified with Moldavia country after a tiny minority of people (a few dozen thousands back then) whom they despised and even kept as slaves?
I get it
Both of the other 2 options are worse
Normal, after all they created your "language" after 1945, together with your "history" for the same purpose of "de-bulgarisation" of both.
I went berserker mode for a second there
Did someone pointed an assault riffle towards greek politicians and ordered them to issue bonds.
Things could have been done differently from both sides and better results could have been seen.
I think Macron was right wanting to remove some labor laws and try and boost the economy
But they are like our little brothers bro
I hope our stay is welcome
I dont think its a popular food but I absolutely despise mish-mash
I buy Polish cheeses every week
Similar things have happened in recent years in Japan - a truck driving into a mass of people.
Younger people don't care
>Students across France have been staging protests against President Emmanuel Macron’s proposed education reforms, which would introduce tougher entry requirements for the country’s universities
Ich werde dich wie einen Eclair füllen
Italy wtf man you literally fought on the nazi side how do you not remember
People from Europe, Africa and Asia have lots of names some may find funny.
So easy, we don't use interpreters when we do interviews.
The only thing we have is a bit of copper and very little gold
There are also some other known ruins burried under the city (city wall, temple, etc
It's sad to see
How would you feel if your region was sold to a neighbouring country like Russia sold Alaska?
NATO or no NATO, the US already spends a ton on military.
In fact it can turn into the hardest possible Brexit with reintroduction of visas for EU citizens visiting the island and vice versa.
In the Netherlands we still have Geert Wilders, in France we still have Marine Le Pen and in Bulgaria we had Volen Siderov
You're right
My country never fails to amaze me
We have a saying in Bulgaria "soup with grapes" meaning it's a bunch of different things that don't really work together and I think it applies to English
Can I judge
For context I am a social democrat civic nationalist from Bulgaria
Germany had a similar problem and the Hartz plan generally helped bring unemployment down
Some have it worse than others, but I've seen it almost devolve beyond yelling at each other in public
Love you guys; so happy I returned home this month and was able to take part in these
At the base of the hill where the place is, there is this *cheshma* (water fountain, looking like something like [this] where no healthy person would drink from, but they would go there at sunset to leave baskets with food for their sick loved ones for the next day
We call it [сланина]#mhpiv=0) here.
So they can come and claim they can give the needed security.
Well USA and Canada for sure outsourced heavily too.
As a kid it always felt like a bit of a chore, and questioned why we had to do it all the time
Sounds good to me
So half of Europe has reached the 2020 goal.
Saying I'm equating women to handicapped people
Last time we had such an agreements we kicked Istanbuls butt and proceeded to beat each other senseless, till someone from Versailles called and told us to stop.
We throw it in the [garbage bin] outside the house, do people not have one where you live?
I was in 6th grade :D
You should know that "Most Bulgarians are Gypsies
Her name literally means "shit" (plural) in Bulgarian.
One must be careful about allowing wishful thinking to outweigh reality
No, mass surveillance without any watchdogs is the first thing behind the corner.
* Dobroslav(a)
My mom knows french and has tried to explain it me
Imagine your government sold the region of the country you are living in to the country that borders it or your nearest neighbouring country.
are part of the cuisine from the Balkans to the Middle East (and some occasionally found elsewhere)
You people are not right in the head
It's a "my only interactions and experiences with them were bad" thing
That's aid then, no
If elections were today, personally, I'd vote for "Yes, Bulgaria
Or its fine when it shows the UK as doing fine?
This is going to become a trend in the coming years
Northern Ireland can leave the UK for Europe, admit ministers
It's actually a joke I came across sometime ago, but also disturbingly true
As far as i know, Australia, New Zealand and South Africa gave up imperial and switched to metric as well as Canada done the same.
111 place in the world on index for free press
I'm from Bulgaria and almost every truck i see is from Turkey.
The rest of the world hasn't forgotten Germanies past
Lower Bathhouse would be a better translation
It's one of those situation where a bad law (allowing foreigners to vote) is being broken because the legislature is obstructed from changing it.
Actually the Polish crown lands within the PLC had a higher percentage of urbanisation than the average European at the time and were by no means poorer or less developed than Austria or Prussia before they were utterly destroyed and plundered by the Swedish.
Aren't the Baltics closer to V4 development wise than Croatia?
Which is not a problem per se, if you feel comfortable in them, but you can't expect someone to appreciate the way they look.
But the thing is countries went through economic and political collapses at the same time, so a economic and social certainties are lacking.
True that money won't be as good as the salaries in economic centers, but cost of living will also be lower.
Last poll I saw, on the question "which country you like the most" something like 45% of the asked people had picked Romania as their first choice
Problem was, of course, that there are a lot of people could not give less of a shit about memes
None of them had come with the first settlers, none of them had ever lived there as a minority.
He is a complete failure but got the position because of how broken the system is
They eat really slow in the evenings and will stay at restaurants until past midnight eating cold food
Dilon
They would die or adapt if they weren't in fucking Europe, where we give housing and welfare money.
There are quite a few of them in Bulgaria, at least 4-5 in Sofia
* the [vampire grave] in Sozopol - a grave of a 35 years old man, who was buried with a metal rod pinning him to the ground through the heart;
GDP per capita is very strongly correlated with HDI and similar quality of life indices.
The premise is the same - you are earning wealth in voluntary, free economic relation with other members of society, and then a third party that hold the monopoly over violence uses that violence to take some of that wealth you'v legally earned and give it to someone else.
In every industry, companies are competing for either your money or attention and have been doing so for a long time
Dude or american clown, whatever i call you is not an insult.
Most people consider Greece more as Mediterranean same with Italy and Spain
&#x200B;
Most are either homegrown or from neighbouring countries
All of this doesn't mean that there is no difference between private and public systems.
I don't remember anything else about it though.
Dude, like most of the westerners you are pretty ignorant for Russia.
Also we don't love the topic about Macedonia (North Macedonia)
The situation is nothing like Japan.
Nesebar is my favourite city but the noise of Sunny beach is ruining the whole area
Bulgarian
Isn't your president just a figurehead?
Wonder where rich people live nowadays
Not only Germans in particular, but rather people from Central/Western/Northern Europe
It's sad to see
Oh so now there are ten percent less Spanish soaps?
>Government proposes 2% increase to research ministry’s cash allocation for 2019
However, in other countries where avoidance is high and illegal immigration is common, a state would still like a method of counting people without people being afraid that it'll lead to prosecution.
A comment perfectly for all the Germans here receiving epileptic shocks every time someone mentions something remotely right-wing.
Cause we are not going to leave our land to assholes like you.
Bulgarians gonna eat them anyway
Count us in on that,Bromania
Like the slave trade in the early colonization was something civilized, right?
Makes you wonder what's so different this time, no
\- always wearing my N95 mask
EU can and does enfore when we are talking about Shengen though.
Fitting that New Mexico is in Spain.
I post pictures of wild flowers i make while hiking or walking in the nature.
Macedonia can't join because Greece will block them due to the name dispute.
And i guess there is tea in the kettle.
It is believed to be made to commemorate Khan Tervel;
Anyways
For hiking in Bulgaria, [BG Mountains] is king
It is funny how you get out of your way to include Greece.
Our traditions in the sport span the ages, but you guys really raised the bar high for modern times
If you're not aware what CP 2077 is, it's a highly anticipated futuristic video game that is being developed by CD Project Red
It’s the tower where I keep all my rubles from the above comment.
My point was that there's an official word for "trolls" and that "trolls" couple of years ago meant totally different thing on the internet.
Some countries deliberately don't fulfil some of the requirement in order not to adopt the euro (Sweden)
The devil lives in the Vatican
Atlantropa 2
Closing your eyes won't change that
SLAVIC is A language family, NOT ethnic group
I was very surprised to find out that's what it's called in English
I mean Czechia is more "unique", but it sounds awful
Btw at school we've barely mentioned how Bulgarians have taken over other countries but they make sure we don't forget we were under Byzantine rule for 2 centuries and under Ottoman - for 5
Why don't the migrants just take a plane to whatever country they want?
If you happen to pass by a LIDL in Bulgaria, buy the LIDL simple dark chocolate (the one in red foil, 100g).
Congrats
The exception is for small sites, not for everyone
I'd like to believe at least the players would show more compassion and class.
They do ther best, bless their souls
Emmanuel Todd speculates that so and so is true but he presents no real proof but offering more assertions
Gör Sverige lagom igen
I've got house shoes (sandals) for indoor wear, which I thought was the norm
Calling the Cyrillic alphabet anything other than Bulgarian, especially Russian
Yes, alright, so it's primarily defensive
I emphatically and vehemently disagree with such attitude
That's right, the "patriotic, Bulgarian values" party
Edit:
That seems like a pretty expansive road trip.
Nobody denies that Britain will stay a major player on global scale in the nearest future.
Without having read the book in question, sounds like the author had an idea in mind and looked for ways to "prove" it, rather than honestly search for the truth
More EU, internal EU migration is OK, external immigration can get fukd.
Swiss knife
People warned you the invasion would be a major mistake, in fact there were massive protests all across Europe, but you still went ahead.
Basically women would save their hair, braid it and later pass it down the generations to daughters and granddaughters
Lol compared to our fate you're downright lucky
Does that imply you don't recognize the existence of most African nations?
Based
Meant by a bulgarian not in Bulgaria, sorry
Why can there only be one option?
If something means, quite literally "Blackwood" or "Red rock" or something along those lines, in the sense of conveying the meaning rather than an individual name, people are more likely to use that "original English" way of refering to it, rather than the equally applicable version from our own language
У - around, like u nego (у него) means he has it but it literally means around him
Wait so
They were French and Belgian citizens, not assimilated nationals.
The other way around is not straight forward
Russia is good
I agree, retailers do sell low quality goods in EE.
Rila Monastary - Founded in the 10th century by St John of Rila, or more correctly by the students that came to visit him
Other than SU Kliment Ohridski, no universities even feature in QS international ranking, I wouldn't really say higher education is particularly prestigious in Bulgaria
I imagine it is not something that comes up in a day to day conversations, but it will be completely understandable from an expecting mother to inquire about it
As in just meaning "people"? If I'm not mistaken in old germanic both women and men were a form of man
but would agree on this one, lol
The US is leaving a huge void in international trade, one that is just our size.
The statements about "Global Britain" and so on, is just for the British ears, nobody else buys that.
Delivery or if in Sofia (the capital), you can take one of the cargo Sparks - [electric trucks] for rent
Interesting, I always wondered why San Marino exists lol
In our language just about every name has several nicknames
I'm from the biggest city, so my experience with it isn't as 'severe'.
I overslept and missed it today :(.
not much of an argument that is.
>the only difference with China is that China is more transpatent about their expectations
The bolshevik revolution of 1918 put the mensheviks and SR's in jail right
This has already started for older people
That's your rival
It sounds normal to me, I've eaten octopuses , calamari etc
I'm not crazy about her presidency but better her than the alternative.
Bulgaria should get the Macedonian flag
I've read about Americans getting a terrible haircut or bad service and still tipping "because you're supposed to"... like
I should determine if i agree with certain social or political views only after i'v checked with Holy Western Europe to see if the people of such views there have a good opinion of me.
For those that don't know, the Turkish "C" is prounounced like the English "J".
You don't see obese people in Sudan either, it's not because they have the same healthcare as in Norway though, is it?
Hey you're right in one thing
Even the States in the process of their forming and conquering new land, wiped out quite many American Indians, and that happened less than 2 centuries ago.
You'd better stock some or a lot of tea in your cupboards.
The interesting times are just beginning, the prime minister said that if GERB doesn't win on the first tour he and the goverment will resign.
You know how hopeless you look at this point, right.
KGB only teaches you how to torture people
Capital of the Eastern Roman Empire and the Ottoman Empire
What people want is less poverty, higher wages, how ? Well, while we're loosing money, finance has never been as healthy as it is today so there we go : let's take the money where it is
Our beginning started more than 20 years ago.
At least a few years from now we'll be able to put to rest the debate whether the EU is a good thing or not.
It's also by far the hardest year for Greece to get through.
His country, USA soon will change its name.
u/Low_discrepancy is a notorious left-winger here who resorts to petty butthurt like correcting people's grammar when he doesn't like what they wrote but lacks the arguments to confront it.
For us Finland is saunas and Simo
Ofc Bulgaria
Yes, but not in the cold war sense.
Lots of interesting history, the language omg is just brilliant and the origins of the Hungarians
I read all of them, but this one killed me
So over half of this growth is not because of increased productivity, successful reforms or a richer populace, it's simply because there are more people.
So my question is, what will prevent the "inner high speed" club to reject membership of a country which fulfills everything required of the "outer club"?
Parliament halls and levels of democracy
Also, it can sound hard and soft at the same time and I find it cool
My friend is living in Sweden and he described the amazing heating systems many houses there have
In Sofia in particular, there is regulation about how tall a building should be
I remember having to memorize a lot of dates like when did this revolt against the Ottomans start, when was some revolutionary organization created, when did this battle take place, etc.
It's pretty bad, especially the justice system, which is why it's so difficult to hold officials accountable, despite all the petitions, protests and journalist investigations in the world
I hate this narrative
I can think of at least 5 colleagues off the top of my head
The only Bulgarian acronym i can think of at this moment is dgd - da go duhash (blow me).
Is it still hard for you to find it?
Well, duh, when he said everything he meant *everything*.
It also sucks and I want it gone already.
When you forget to close the door: You are not walking through curtains
Trump is a retard but he wasn't going to get rid of NATO no matter what
The cult of hatred for [insert something here] doesn't have to be a religion to have fervently religious members.
Yeah, that's more or less it
After 2007, the number of emigrants and also of skilled ones increases compares to before.
Smallest is [1 stotinka] - half euro cent.
Call me whatever, when I go to Berlin on a holiday I want to see German people walking the streets, in the restaurants and cafes, in the museums, in the tourist attractions.
The slope of the incline is so low because our politicians are still corrupt as hell
The communist dictator, Todor Zhivkov, was a dumbass who ruled the country for decades.
It might have been one lesson, or mostly in relation to the Greco-Persian wars or Alexander the Fine Lad conquering them
That's their way of propaganda...
They
Would you prefer to have a 40% tax
Don't go easy on them
And also, it would mean 1 less hour of enjoying the sunlight after work, so that sucks
I have a crazy suggestion to the countries that want a multi-speed Europe.
Probably still the least bad choice, but it is getting harder to pick
This way they can be the start/end point of military ceremonies, the May 6th Parade can end there and the new Memorial can be developed as an Honorary guard of Alexander I Battenberg Mausoleum - you know, the first ruler of Liberated Bulgaria
I'm glad this is not a thing
What is ironic is that the same people that express disgust and outrage at the beheadings comitted by terror groups such as ISIS, have in the midst of their own continent and some of them live in cities and towns that glorify beheadings and use them as their symbols.
Apart from a few fringe Romanian nationalists claiming southern Dobruja as part of Greater Romania, I can't see any  controversy there
If he didn’t have family to help support him, he wouldn’t be able to pay his bills
So bulgaria isn’t in EU now
Today they are 4 times poorer than Greece even after the massive crisis there.
And of course someone mentioned cossacks
A Burgas suburb filled with Russian businessmen expats
So when they stopped speaking turkic language they stopped being turkic?
Except that he wasn't talking about the party not being registered.
Turt, we yooz ah diffehrehnt álfabet
Starting from clothes, TVs, detergents and finishing with food.
How does it sound in different languages?
No wonder interns don't get paid
Most of Friedman's ideas were based on criticism of Keynesian economics.
Some schools had them but don't use them, but a typical school corridor looks like [this] and a typical class room - like [this]
You don't go
I simply don’t get it
Which it seems this subreddit highly favours to the left.
Shipka and majority of the figthing had already been done when Serbia joined.They saw who would win and used the oppurtunity for occupying Pirot and Vranq(cities with Bulgarian majority at the time) and declaring independence.In no way they deserve thanks as they had fewer casualties than obscure battalions in the Russian army like Polish or Finnish ones and did everything for their own profit.
In Bulgaria everybody is equally poor.
Part of almost every government in the last few decades
And how is the question posted, connected with Briquit?
I am very racis- I mean, what
Like most of its neighbours, Bulgaria has a lot of ancient traditions still kept but one of the most fascinating ones to me is our kuker festivals
I think we should boycott all that Brexit threads on r/Europe.
I am pretty sure that if there are any countries to benefit from hard Brexit one of them is Germany.
And we aren't buying tulips
Maybe for you , but for me it sends a message of go fuck yourself GERB and if you want a president get a proper candidate?
senior people kind of like the family accent and recognize themselves in that...
Sunny Beach in Bulgaria
Converting all that into imperial would be very time consuming, plus every piece of imported equipment and every small detail will have to be measured in imperial, which is labor consuming.
This map states that all the countries in green do not require a visa for EU citizens
In the village where our villa used to be, there is this place called *Chumavi mogili* (Plague's mounds), where during the Plague people would take their family members that were sick with the Plague and leave them there
All of these topics are very interesting and I feel like it's an overlooked nation
Kashkaval is more mild and soft.
It's from Peyo Yavorov's poem- Two beautiful eyes
Nobody is above the law here, maam
In the very same thread here you chose to comment i answered your question and gave multiple long answers on what is a sollution.
We'll be fine
Think Napoleon armies passed thru that area.
They don't even realize the benefits and the access western companies get in here.
Cherni Vrah (highest peak of Vitosha) also has a weather station
The report was not written by Sarkozy.
We have the same tradition called “koleduvane” so it’s likely a remnant of a pre-christian era
Why would "the insertion of candied fruit" be made *compulsory*?
Its during this time we began heavily contributing culturally though a large bit of it is lost because the ottomans like destroying things
&#x200B;
But I fear nothing less than some government law like "have at least two children by 40 years old", basically the opposite of the Chinese one child policy, is going to fix this
Yeah, you can't really run a NGO in Russia (At least in the full sense of the word).
You'll manage in Bulgaria as well
Is that some shitty coincidence or wtf?
Just look at our national subreddit on reddit and you can make yourself sad
It was even someone from my class in school who got the crucifix out
You could say that not knowing is a prerequisite for hatred.
The idea is to have the infrastructure built
Taihumian Republic - definitely Sahelian, with maybe the North being considered Saharan
He is literally trolling Europe, and people here are going for the bait.
Don't worry, with the climate change you'll get harsher winters as well
Was the shot taken some of these days?
Bulgarian politicians are stupid as shit sometimes and do not defend any common laws or show principle.
Nope, scroll up and read what he typed.
There is also a village called "Крайници" (Kraynitsi) which translates to limbs
Also Russia became a thing because of Bulgaria back in the 10th and 11th century.
It is not grown in a garden, took the shot while walking the road outside Karpathian village.
But they are mostly about the dark and hard parts of our history, so most of them are depressing.
You can't get much more atheistic than Bulgairan society, and Spain is far from that.
In this context we're very, very stupid
Both living and property
And many many more, I could go on for ages - all worth seeing or at least taking up the ruins and daydreaming how much more important and busy these places were in Antiquity
Belgium has 4 (?) official languages, Netherlands and Luxembourg have three (?)
In northern Bulgaria you barely see any mediterranean types.
Yeah you are right
Damn that looks amazing
It seems his doing the right thing here
33% tax is not only higher than the maximum tax in the UK(30%), it doesn't help smaller businesses
Of course I think the ideal is for everyone to be fed
Where did it all go so wrong
It's a complicated relationship :)
As far as I remember the hair is part of the ornament
The problem in Bulgaria is that our justice department just doesn't work.
I'm happy with it
A Bulgarian that dosent eat yogurt
>(3) No part of the people, no political party nor any other organization, state institution or individual shall usurp the expression of the popular sovereignty
It is not that surprising tho, most of the time the one that needs education(really badly in your case) makes it.
That Trade Node bonus is sweet.
Sounds super corny, but I feel we don't believe that Bulgaria and Bulgarians can do good stuff and the result is a mix of self-hatred and nationalism :D
bonding over Macedonians
Not at all
No such minorities live there and that's precisely what they want to preserve, not some made up accusations.
I was in 7th grade (13 y/o) when I decided to go to the spelling bee in my school
Look at the cartoon before you comment.
Any damage done to them as a side effect would be a great achievement.
>One friend was using her toilet before she realised it was different and escaped without being noticed
If you don't have good taste that's your business the rest of us are about to live in a country that's gonna be great again.
These don't matter do they
I'm from Bulgaria
How is the EU impeding the development of UK industry exactly?
>Liberal in the economics sense
Those are definetly trolls
I like some modern buildings but overall not a fan of skyscrapers.
If these people have the democratic electorate to support such a proposal, it is democracy.
It was very useful to me in Western Canada when I was ordering my sushi in Vancouver.
As a Bulgarian what you describe sounds extremely familiar, lol
There are a lot of people (boomers in particular) who will defend these "monuments" with their lives and go and bring flowers to them (like wtf, honestly
No, this is just a fun thread on reddit
But as long as the debt is kept at normal levels it will continue to be met by future tax revenue in exchange for pre-planned goods and services.
Haven't you been recently there :D
Also, mountains
No respectable and independent source can confirm those rumors.
I know some french but my GF will translate it for me
With 240 districts, we're going to get so many weirdos in Parliament
It's important to know what's happening over there but naturally - we are more interested in what's happening in Europe
After that break up is inevitable.
I can not comprehend the sentence.
You played as a time traveler from the future who went to the Roman Empire, the American Revolution and some other periods that I don't remember now
History - Depends
I am not complaining about anything, why should i complain about something that happened like 2 decades ago.
The windmill and kukeri segments killed me.
Sofia is at the base of Vitosha mountain so we technically have snow until early July (because Cherni vrah Peak is within the municipality and it's 2290 meters high)
) can actually do more than open a browser or make a presentation
I'd rather not have him decide what is best for my country.
Well that's exactly his argument
There still were at least *some* basic rights to property, privacy and family in these countries.
Well I guess commercial American chocolate is back to being hopeless!
What's even funnier is that it actually passed - there are some old match boxes that were used by soldiers with the words 'Български пали-дръвца' [bulgarski pali-druvtza] or *Bulgarian burn-stick'°°°.
I'm also glad for them and their fast economical development since the Ceausescu era.
Twas about time
I had to scroll wayyy too much for this.
Their elections are a sham and opposition is actively suppressed.
Today(24th) is Christmas eve,  tomorrow (25) is Christmas
>My entire family works in social institutions, I can tell you, not a single one of them told me it was "the best social plan", and even if it was, it's overshadowed by the rest
I have very fond memories of Spelling Bee, but it wasn't because of the competition, I just made a friend that is still one of my closest friends to this day (we went to high school together)
The one for Bulgaria is only accurate for Sofia pretty much
You just bring a backpack to school, you just have it with you You aren't bringing a suitcase for a sleepover
(my parents saw them and told me about it)
I am not surprised at all, cause while interacting with different nationalities in real life, i noticed that italians are among the less spoiled westerners.
Because we want to help duh
For example, if visiting a monastery in Greece, don't wear shorts or take one of the cloaks they offer
No money left for anything, my salary is considered good here
What's not to worship
Of the people asked in Ireland, 70% chose the first one.
Gotta hand it to Trump, even after a year of getting used to his antics, he can still make me question reality.
And if I may add, because you mentioned the Fascist regime - while it is an extremely repulsive regime, they were right about one thing - you can be proud of your country's history
Do you know her from somewhere?
You can't fuck with symbols of the state.
Thank you
A culture of regressiveness absolutely can exist without religion.
I wonder how many people will die as a result of older cars overtaking new cars driving the strict speed limit everywhere
Bulgarians have a joke going that we understand everyone's language but nobody understands ours
red, yellow, green
It's just generally slavic
He literally wrote much of his own history and excelled at public relations
I can hear the Bulgarian accent ...
When a French woman speaks, this sounds very romantic.
You could say there's lodz of snow
Also Northern Dobruja from Romania
C'mon, won't anybody say political correctness has gone wild now?
In English you either don't know at all or assume, based on your set of stereotypes
The so called "historian" that talks in the film is an American who also actively denies the Armenian genocide.
You get your money back long term - the health benefits are obvious, you are creating a better market for electric vehicles so there is more incentive for competition and lower prices for the consumer, if im in a neigbouring country its entirely realistic to travel to Norway to buy such a car, which could insert more money in the economy
I was going to school alone ever since 2nd grade
It's one of the few truly great things Bulgarian, I ain't about to just let it pass and be falsely known as someone else's. Toxic nationalism is bad, but this is not the case here
If you don't know you'll find out.
Stop it already with these knowledge bombs or I'll become smart and stuff.
And if you think that "French people are rude", please go outside Paris.
The same
Western Austria is mostly mountains.
Compassion becomes a doubled edged sword in the case of Sweden and the current "progressive" wave of politics.
That's madness
Prolly [Alexander Nevsky Cathedral] for Bulgaria
I too am a founding member and there is an overwhelming majority of people around me who are voting Yes, Bulgaria.
Sorry for sending you on a scenic route through Albania
This isn't exactly ridiculous, rather weird:
35% and rising in the last 6 years
Delivery or if in Sofia (the capital), you can take one of the cargo Sparks - [electric trucks] for rent
It should break up and each part to start its peaceful existence.
And I am pretty sure Serbia and Macedonia got more refugees last time because our route is longer and people have problems with our border guards( DING DING, Border control working example, in case you didn't get it).
Just very long and too many characters where it switches too often between them and you lose track
So why on earth metric is legal in the UK?
To forget pity personal conflicts
Oh, of course the EU won't make its own version of RT, but even if it's less biased it will still align with the EC's agenda.
Bulgarian Blockade at Turkish Border Lifted
We have 7 cultural and 3 natural World Heritage sites
They are also planning a negative tax income or UBI
Кърджали. I believe it has the largest Turkish minority of anywhere in the country
I also know a guy named Balik after a 14th century lord
I think
When we had IT at school we just played ConQUIZtador - which was actually very educational
Why
Edit: 2 leva \~ 1 euro
Oh and to add to Dutch/Bulgarian differences, I'm having difficulty matching the eating speed of Bulgarians
We were drinking on both days, how is this hard to understand?
Worst of all it's dry as hell
Some say it refers to freedom or peace, most just say they don't know
Here's to hoping Greece, Serbia and Montenegro help out if anything like this happens.
She's still not the longest-reigning monarch in European history
This isn't the world, nor does it mean a similar level of conspiracy nuts don't exist on the far-left.
He made a famous speech on July 3rd, about two weeks after the start of the invasion
Kinda yeah
И - and, pronounced as E
From what I know there aren't any separatist movements in Bulgaria
I don't remember Croatians and Estonians in particular and also I was the only Bulgarian there
First the Americans came to say: Europe is fucked, and I didn't speak out, because I don't think Europe is that fucked.
My god she speaks Bulgarian awful both grammatical and oral
The arrogance of Israeli politicians to think that any past or present transgressions gives them the right to stomp on others erodes at our progress in Europe.
Spent a month back in my hometown and that costed me around 1000 euros, while the average salary is something in between 300 to 350 euros.
I was like lol OK
From what I know there aren't any separatist movements in Bulgaria
Don't worry, it's a common misconception
The most infuriating description I've heard was "Russian spoken with a toothache
In 8th grade, I would learn only French, Math, Bulgarian, IT, Music, Art and PE
this is Russian analogue to the English "dog eats dog".
Language can be one of the reasons for not using other options.
I would never trust scissors to be clean enough, even if I just washed them myself
But in general, most islands have many well marked hiking paths.
I think the Soviet Union took it
The only exception I  in the word for grandfather - дядо - it ends in -o but is treated as masculine
> Russian is vastly more dominant and preferred,
(Taking the body, cleaning it, sewing it, putting make up, putting ither clothes)
Vad spännande
Yeah, considering the average ability to cook it would be more of a we should grab a beer, dinner, etc soon
So, he rings the bell, the housekeeper opens the door, our guy enters and starts taking off his shoes.
They do not want freedom of movement.
I don't know who wrote his political program.
But that simple thing is not inherently bad in and of itself
In Russian there are no such concept as articles or anything even remotely similar
[Sunny beach
For decades the village was under water but recently the water receded and the only piece of art in the Church that survived was an image of the Devil
Buy I doubt Tesla is what Trump has in mind
The weird thing is also that the letter 'c' doesn't have a unique sound to begin with
What's his economic orientation?
We are comparing the former communist states and its pretty obvious that the most religious ones are the least accepting - Poland and Romania.
At that point in time almost all of that land had a majority Bulgarian population with the exception of parts of Macedonia (Greek)
Otherwise maybe Prague or Berlin
I would say, we're still free so just take it from me that everything is A-ok, don't check for yourself and please go back to your timeline now
Almost all Bulgarians identify themselves as Bulgarians first and foremost, then regionally
I just don't get it how people seem to completely ignore the lessons of history.
I've read that PSD is still with a lot of support
Than don't make silly [comments]
3 - Serbia - neighbors, we've had a fair share of wars between us
°°° Technically, дръвца means 'small tree' but it can also be used to mean something wooden from a tree as well, like a stick
Every travel vlog about Bulgaria focuses on Sofia, the Rila Monastery and Plovdiv and sometimes - Veliko Tarnovo
Who do you think is downvoting it?
He still works hard every day
Many villages disappear every year because the young people either go to the bigger cities or work abroad because there’s no money to be made in the villages and the elderly don’t usually live to a ripe old age
Of course, keeping in mind that every nation has done reprehensible things in the past
The same way as the russians, they don't buy original.
1 The Byzantine empire/ Greece
Also Edi Uni is an amazing choice I am actually in the process of applying for a Phd in Data science there
Uk wants to go on trading with EU as it is now
It seems to boy got in a fight in school so the grandma advised him in a rather loud voice: "Next time just kick them in the balls and run away". I had a "coughing fit" at hearing this
Why are we given stats from 2010?
Well someone has to be the black sheep, and we fit that role pretty well
I think we could be useful militarily
But she said, "No, actually I ate a lot there and learned how to cook local dishes, but their food is simply better in quality!" (maybe less hidden fats and so on...) Then come the physical activity and metabolism.
As far as I understand the reforms the government will still pay you to go to school
Is it that green at the moment, or the shot was taken during spring/summer time?
The best is probably Orient Express but I guess you don't have that in mind.
It's hard for me to decide for "the most beautiful" woman from Bulgaria.
For modern chalga that's popular/good:
And the last 15 are for trying to cram information in their heads
Hence the best way to "fight the far rights" at the moment is to reverse the course of filling Europe with non Europeans in the vain goal of creating multicultural societies.
World - Here the sound for me is closer to Woorrd,  that danm L
Kids these days are computer-literate enough to handle themselves
I understand Middle English best, Early Modern is
I have only know one I think and she was pretty cool, but still.
I had a relationship with a Hungarian girl once.
Sorry to tell you, but South was spending money inefficiently in macro ( state ) as well as micro ( personal ) level.
I'm glad my Eastern European shithole has more freedom of speech than the civilized west.
Same in a Bulgarian format a couple of seasons as well.
Conscription can't save Estonia from Russia (which is its only threat), so it would be a pointless waste of people's youth.
Salmon snake is an amazing word to have
As The Orange Orangutan acts like a showman, i call him - Clown.
Some of us choose to stay in shitty countries just so we can stay close to our families
>(1) Bulgaria shall be a republic with a parliamentary form of government
Women protest against Trump on streets of Europe's capitals
Well fuck me, they actually did it.
1,000,000,000 - милиард (milliard)
Yes
I thought you mean he isn't "a better candidate" in the sense that he has a worse programme, hence i asked what about his programme isn't good.
And they turn out to be cousins lol
Information is muffled, like nothing is happening while shit is hitting the fan hard
I'm moving from Bulgaria to Cologne
I guess most of the ethnic Dutch wouldn't be that stupid, to do such things.
It baffles me that these people would kill over cartoons and criticism, yet not bat an eye when some countries are basically exterminating their fellow muslims
There's Russian propaganda and Wetern propaganda.
Although it does seem like /u/WorldCitizen77 is of the moer moderate variety.
I mean, parking spaces reserved only for rich people seems like a worse alternative
I've been thinking about how Britain's relatively good economic performance post-referendum could end up being a bad thing because it gives May false confidence to leave the single market.
If it is in English, i don't need translation, but sometimes i'll leave on the subs in case i don't hear something.
About the origin of chalga, I think it's generally accepted that it was invented alongside turbo-folk, although some sources like Wikipedia state chalga was first and that the citizens of Yugoslavia copied it
There were 2 guys named Evlogi and Hristo Georgievi
Try Russian, Bulgarian or Armenian, Arabic and see what the definition of hard is
There isn't anything complicated.
Erdogan raises his tone and flings insults for just about anything including things that didn't even happen
Maybe a Venezuela scenario is exaggerated
> Here religious types are usually fairly low-profile
Well I guess it's EU solidarity at play
Wait
You people are not right in the head
The same stat for small cities is on par with Namibia
It's far more important than the UK by every single metric and there's nothing surprising considering it's got half a billion people with some of the highest living standards in the world.
35 leva (~11
It's relatively good
Shady as fak
In Bulgaria black olives are a standard
I think it's mostly about cultural differences.
The way you talk about economic bubbles shows your deep understanding of capitalist economics.
Also nice nickname
Yup, massive devaluation, Venezuela style
Fast internet and corruption
Edit: I just remembered [THIS] about the current president as well lol
First tier - yes, second tier - maybe in some cases
The basic fact is that the descendants of the Ancient Romans today are called Italians (mostly from around Rome and south of it)
We aren't in the news very often, and Non-European media probably never mentions us at all.
They were born the majority, they wanted to preserve that.
Nobody is saying he should be PM, but we should acknowadge that there is a problem if he got around 10-15%
How much do you download with ?
For us Bulgarians that would be the Martenitsa, for health every March first until Spring
- According to Sofians, the rest of the country is either a Sofian suburb or backwards underdeveloped unpopulated countryside
The despotic people's dictatorship of Hafaria - Arctic by nature, Antarctic by culture
(sending much more so, entire tank brigades to the rebels whilst Obama blocked the US from sending as little as light artilery pieces)
"Don't you know that the bird is the word,
It doesn't have much 'body' to it
Poland is really flat, on the other hand.
It's a post shitting on the US while admitting that many students prefer traveling there over other places
Po diavolite for Bulgaria is good, but not correct
Our sources for the Antiquity are usually so few and brief that you can try to prove just about any thesis
My cousin slapped his forehead when I told him the rent I pay in Lozenets
They just attract different kind of voters.
If another big church or mosque or some other cultural/religious building, that has not been so popular from literature or from being promoted as a cultural spot burns down, there probably won't be such a big outcry, if it was let's say in Africa
Top speed - 100kmh in a 15 km stretch in Moesia
Bulgarian borrowed heavily from Russian during our national revival
Although basically every big city here had a Roman settlement once, though some are even much older than that
If I'm talking with Non-Europeans then yeah, but of course every European country is different.
Same percentages and same colors.
Well, it's not in the same country for hundreds of years, it's in the same lands
I can no longer be sure whether our salaries are absurdly low or food prices are abnormally high+not the same quality, lol
Apparently some random company nobody knows about that has a revenue of 500 euro got a loan of 30+ mil euro by the Bulgarian Development Bank
Enclaves of people who do not assimilate into the native identity no matter how many generations pass, threatening to form an ever increasing demographic group within the host country.
What is the goal
Also some Bulgarians think that their norhern climate might be to much for our southern souls
True but the authors of the alphabet made it for all Slavic people, not just Bulgaria
and some say he is pushing for europe, democracy and other trendy words
If we let children pick their own books for literature class we'll have a class discussion on "50 shades of Grey
Bulgaria is now on Russia's list of ''unfriendly countries''
When you're a tourist you'll generally see off peak traffic which is more orderly
In the 90s, when I was at school, it was extremely uncommon to make school trips abroad.
Asking if all that Brequit stuff posted on r/europe on daily basis is boring.
What a lovely place Tallinn is!
Yes, but I have seen Чешка Република often
People would be just as happy if they left for some other country.
Prepare to get your mother jebana, OP
In 9th grade, all other subjects were added back, along with Russian
My whole point is about you using "Russian" in the title of your post, in case you have not figured it out.
They are not self-excluding terms.
You know you've reached the end of a sensible conversation when "eurabization" gets throwed around.
A mansion the size of the Buckingham palace
The USA was never even mentioned lmfao, don't get your panties in a twist because we dare have a discussion where we don't jerk off the US
Which stereotype about Europe do you hate
In the US, a garbage disposal “In-Sink-Erator” is super common
There can't be proof because no one will ever admit to it, unless they somehow get caught which means they're incredibly stupid.
It was everywhere, even people who don’t actively listen to music were talking about it
Lol yeah right
Whether you think you could possibly justify them, my point is Muslim leaders, some of which are real snowflakes, have a lot of reasons to be angry with what China is doing
however it will still be easy to deny Romanians and Bulgarians access to Canada
The progress Czechia achieved is remarkable.
This is definitely coming from a person who has never lived near gypsies
Improve training for the unemployed
What a beauty of a subreddit
There used to be a sculpture classroom that was basically treated as a pub
Swag
Here its pretty much the other way round, but we don't really have a functioning left to begin with.
It’s far superior in every way - it’s more central than Sofia ended up to be after the wars
But in this case in particular I can see how someone might think that
I know all the best things about Baden-Württemberg, they're great people, the best people, believe me
Don't know if there are any indigenous models produced by the british car maker.
We have quite some songs that might fit some of the description in the OP, but it’s hard to think of a single example of a song that was as massive as Despacito
I thought that the marijuana sold in coffee shops in the Netherlands is being grown by the government
Yes, he has repeatedly called for the lifting of sanctions on Russia and he thinks Crimea belongs to Russia.
Why are you wearing the EU flag above the Bulgarian one, you traitor?
He has offered training to help the specialization gap before the protests, and lowest research money from WE goes to the UK
It IS like that now....but way worse.
Learning German would be useful.
Damn, I'm angry
There are like 5-6 countries with more than 100...
Macron’s overhaul of the labor code has helped ease those concerns, and hiring on permanent contracts rose 6
3)Serbia - we had a bunch of wars and we won most of them
1968 is the year the current and currently very outdated Penal code was introduced
This is where Lucio boops you off the map
He said: "I've been spending too much time worrying how to keep these idiots in (the soldiers), that I didn't think someone would come from outside". I was just escorted to the gate and I went home but he did make me leave the plums tho
So either UK government and administration must do their best and use all their influence to make a separate deal regarding City of London, or euro clearings as well as other financial services currently based in London will have to move out of Great Britain.
I don't speak broken bulgarian.
Not really, it just originated as sarcasm
The people shall exercise this power directly and through the bodies established by this Constitution
Where did i write the cars will stay the same price?
Interesting
And a very deciding factor of your pronounciation will be your native language and your ability to distance yourself from your native pronounciation - I find that this is where accents come from
A mansion the size of the Buckingham palace
But we've yet to actually try and murder each other on the basis of national agenda
I m a cat person, but most people here prefer dogs, and in my opinion the continent will be 50/50
Urbanisation is huge here
At that time Italy was not present as a unified country.
I'm not very confident while riding a bike but I'm actually glad I taught myself, despite loved ones trying to teach me (and giving up) over the years
The government (and the EU) should focus on helping sectors which have been hurt.
Overproduction is actually a pretty logical practice,  although it obviously has environmental drawbacks
It’s just awkward as is
Not against eating some tasty steak, though.
I work online now and make a very decent chunk of money out of my education
You need to provide photo evidence to support your claims.
Shut the fuck up
It's really messed up, most teachers in public schools get less than 1000BGN (about 500EUR) a month, then there's the constant changes of how school works then there's the НВО after 7th grade which changes every year, 7th year itself is hell, and much, much more
When I arrived in Germany, I was astounded by the amount of North Face and Jack Wolfskin logos on people's jackets and backpacks
You can't guess what would have happened if the election was decided by popular vote, because election results from electoral elections are different from election result from popular vote elections, you simply can't compare the two of them.
Not to mention a lot of people make their own and good luck with tryna make a rose jam
Huge territories, from today's Greece to Budapest
And no, it's not Germany, it's Bulgaria.
Sadly everyone is going for fancy degrees now like marketing, economics and psychology
And continued centuries after the first crusade
I am afraid you lost the thread of what i am saying.
The eyes of God - Cave Prohodna, Bulgaria
" - signifies that the only break up in the situation is death of one party
You say they ought to understand
I just can't imagine myself living like that, but a lot of people do it.
Between Albania and Bulgaria rather, but i understand why the US would prefer their direct Balkan creation and client state Kosovo to take a chunk instead.
They didn't listen and continued еxcavations
Given how tremendously Eastern Europe and the Balkans have developed their freeway system over the past decade, I would not discount the possibility of the same happening in Iran and Pakistan, and upgrading their transportation systems would significantly facilitate the connectivity between Turkey and China.
Where did I disagree with any of that?
It's generally people who know foreign languages and who are more connected to the outer world that have a better chance of realising this stuff
Lol, you like the hat DPS gave you
I do it often myself
and be cured of his problems
Same in Bulgaria
Ok it's might be about time for that continent-wide revolution
So Austria is no longer germanic?
Japanese cars are filled with old and inexpensive tech, making them cheap and easy to fix.
The service nowadays is engulfed in corruption because if you pay the right person, your chances to receive higher quality treatment are higher
However once you leave the EU you will receive your special treatment you've been dreaming about.
Because....surprise surprise...it's not a real thing.
Interesting
So we're experiencing a Euricane
I dont get Reddit's love for nutella, it's just palm oil with sugar with a little cocoa and nuts, just like every crap spread for a third of its price
This is due to some liability, wherein if a student leaves within school hours and anything happens to them, the school can be blamed
Not to mention a lot of people make their own and good luck with tryna make a rose jam
Going further back in the past naturally the variations become ever bigger
In the long term things will get better, but never the same...
And the preamble is:
In Bulgaria it's mostly things like Adidas and Nike as well as smaller brands
* маймунка (maymunka) - “small monkey”
It's impossible if they're European
I had been to saunas before but this was on a when different level
I want to see my hometown (Veliko Tarnovo) when it was the capital of an empire and its beauty and wealth was compared to that of Constantinople
Can't find a source in English, but in 1201, after conquering what is modern day Varna, he ordered the defenders of the fortress to be buried alive.
If you are going to put things in perspective you might just as well do so fully.
That is naturally your right to an opinion.
You have not actually answered any of these questions, the proposal lack depth or actual though a part from a shallow pointing of the finger, it will not lead to reforms, it will not lead to prosperity
The USA ambassador to the Netherlands was saying there were no go zones in the Netherlands and that there were politicians being set on fire
Islamists want to restore a formerly Muslim territory in its rightful position in the [Dar al-Islam]
"Don't f*** with me
It literally says right there that they were funded to fight Assad
And as a true englishman, you ain't gonna survive without your daily 122345 cups of tea.
Where do you think alexei comes from
I would politely dissagree
I don't think the UK is part of the "America first" plan though.
Should i warn them i will knock down Brits if they are arrogant enough to come across me, as i did put down two British pissheads some years ago?
Edit: As others said, it comes from the verb 'катеря' (katerja) meaning 'to climb'.
France has an unemployment rate standing at about 9%. So yeah some people got a pay boost and because no actual reform can take place to make France more competitive, it was those 9% who made the sacrifice so that the current employed enjoy higher benefits
They are a lot, but mainly two: The Clashers and 'Айде БГ. The latter make top 15 lists and challenges, and The Clashers makes tech reviews and stuff
According to UN classification, Poland is Eastern Europe :P
Governments in the eastern bloc tried to control these things and we know how that turned out
Nice try of making things closer but EU s gdp is 5 times bigger and its 9 times the population of the UK.
Anecdotal evidence, technically, so don't take my word for granted, it could just be the people I know
>Despite spending as much on secondary schooling as other OECD countries, France no longer achieves corresponding results
I love Swedish
It's a completely one sided sub.
In Bulgaria we mosly say
Point is, the EU gives europeans power and influence, while helping literally everyone in a way
Sure they're a threat, maybe to your blessed and righteous, almighty leader who doesn't know how to manage internal problems so he creates external ones to distract the uneducated people who worship him like a God
When you were the only one that could be attacked by sea, its logical that you had the most naval battles.
Instead we are stuck in petty wars over identity, ethnicity, religion.
The fix, however, isn't letting millions into Europe.
We have the friendliest angry people of Europe
There's a button in the addon's comment frame that lets you switch back to YT comments.
Maybe you see so few of these in Europe because of the different plumbing
The Agdam mosque comes to mind which lies in disrepair and ruin because of the continuing Armenian occupation.
Racist attack on Bulgarian and Turkish students in Bydgoszcz Poland.
I'd say i can easily communicate with Macedonians, Serbs, Croats and maybe Ukrainians (if we really try)
I kinda like the openness without it and the possibilities for a fully pedestrian Battenberg Sq
Nah, I know when someone is pushing a narrative, you are way too transparent.
But paradoxically at the same students are against any reforms that will make entry harder even if that means a reformed bac test, which would make it easier
And of course the "intruders will be shot on sight" signs
Not like in the city where we pass total strangers, remaining cold and not saying a word
Like Frankfurt or Amsterdam
I know that during monarchist times it was named "Ministry of War" however at some point between 1944 and now it's changed to "Ministry of Defence"
Same here in Bulgaria
Turks however do that constantly.
The young generation in Bulgaria especially uses more and more English words through exposure to English language media with Youtube and the rest of the internet and so on
The Bulgarian army took it in 2 days while outnumbered with minimal casualties while forcing the majority of the Romanian garrison to surrender.
The information per syllable is extremely high making the language very efficient at expressing ideas
I might be wrong but to me it looks like Jazve - nothing mechanical to it as far as I am aware, just boil the coffee in water and remove the residue.
In an attempt for our government to "unite" the nation in 1984 they forced all Bulgarian Turks (total about 10% of Bulgarian population) to change their names to Bulgarian-sounding one, they forbid traditional clothing and public muslim rituals
Are you dumb or something
Plus, how likely is it to be jailed for rape there?
We have the best roads and the best cars in Europe
From February 1st until then nothing really changes for the UK
But yet French residents are against them, why, why fear change
Considering the clusterfuck in Syria.
'' Oh, I thought you were American
Corporate tax in Bulgaria is 10% flat, VAT 20% flat, income tax 10% flat.
Rest in peace
Even so, I lived in a wonderful area, lived a nice life, could afford going out 2-3 times a month.
I thought about rakija but that also applies to the rest of our Balkan siblings
For fuck's sake, the Roman Empire conquered the lands that are now Bulgarian, can I lay claim on the Roman Empire being my ancestors' just because some Thracians most probably fucked some Romans and 2 centuries later some Thracians most probably fucked some Bulgars and Slavs
I'll tell you, I've been all over and I met some of the best prostitutes ever in Russia.
Having various czars plastered on first grade classroom walls combined with recitals of patriotic poetry are like a form of indoctrination and the history lessons are practically propaganda
Thanks but it has nothing to do with the article
Hunger, malnutrition and DEATH, especially the elderly.
That is what happens when you keep building mosques rather than schools and universities.
Америка (Amerika), САЩ (Sasht = USA), Щати (Shtati = States)
The tide has turned and you can't stop it.
This is some fairytale shit
the pig was also cool
It has different taste as well.
I've read about Americans getting a terrible haircut or bad service and still tipping "because you're supposed to"... like
Even if I somehow agreed with his positions I would still never vote for him because he doesn't know what his talking about, he's an unbelievable hypocrite and he has no regard for what's true.
So you can count me as someone coming from a different continent!
You're going down the Weimar path and I assume you know what happened at the end of it
Europe may turn into a landmass of countless duchies, fiefdoms and small kingdoms, with occasional republics here and there plus the glorious empire of PutinLand.
Its a pretty meaningless and outdated term outside of that.
That is
> We are a split country
It's a free market
Many other languages have such forms so an example would be **mi** chiamo and **ci** conosciamo in Italian
Romania looks to poach EU medicines agency from UK
I love rain in general tbh
Quadrillion- квадрилион (kvadrilion)
Russia also has a powerful oligarchy which a big chunk of the GDP is funneled into.
Needless to say, it was funny to see those Swiss Rolex shop workers approaching courteously a bunch of kids with ragged backpacks and faces full of wonder
(although I wouldn't be surprised if they committed war crimes, being a lawless militia and all)
Everybody is liberal/progressive beyond imagination
It also stops the production of testosterone, which creates all sorts of changes and problems on the whole body.
It's surprising to how many highly regarded historical figures this applies
This was brought to light by few individuals and wide civil unrest prevented the extradition of Jews from country proper
If you DO travel its reserve the tickets 6+ months early at least and keep a very tight budget until then
Not saying it was going to be a good thing, but it is a well established imperial practice.
You wouldn't be too happy if California suddenly decided that it isn't a part of the US anymore, would you
Against: Dzhambazki, Kyuchyuk, Nekov
And prices are only going up
I think Macron was right wanting to remove some labor laws and try and boost the economy
The unthinkable has happened - our government actually took the correct measures in time
Well, they at least have a period of being hot.
Bulgaria was the home of the Thracians, the Thracian hero Spartacus was born in present-day Bulgaria
* [Ancient city of Nesebar] \- a tourist hotspot and coastal resort
Imagine your government *forcing you to change your own name you've had all your life*. Of course, as a direct result many Bulgarian Turks  left en masse - about 300 000 (out of 800 000) left for Turkey
Macedonia officially part of Bulgaria confirmed?
Who would you say is the least bad choice right now
Apart from that, I was happy I did it because I got to be a mentee judge in high school and it was a really cool experience
Oh, right, you won't understand
Julius Caesar was a very complex and controversial figure, there is really no need to fully trust any single historian's view on the matter
) taking place in Zheravna
It's not surprising that the flag was rejected by an overwhelming majority
None jailed tho so horray freedom of speech
C'mon, this is getting ridiculous.
Nope, no metals
"Бай Ганьо" (Bai Ganio) by Aleko Konstantinov - we need it to remember who we should not be.
That's about it
Just FYI, here's an interesting quick story about the Bulgars:
Lol as if you wouldn't cheer the Germans on as they leisurely waltz in
Yup, that is why you pay attention to auto-correct.
There was a video on youtube some time ago, and what we see now is from the video.
Last couple of days it was 20 degrees after dark
We have better things to do than get rid of everything, in terms of infrastructure, but many of these moments don't deserve shit
The lot of us learned the majority of what we know from porn, hear-say, and awkward first hand experience
50%+1 need to vote on a government, it can be aproved with 50%+1 of the voting members.
Also I prefer a president that looks like a business executive over a mafia hit man
They had to rewrite their history according to how Bulgaria views it
I popped 2 tires at the same time on a pothole here a few years ago and it was a huge pain to get a tow and get it dealt with
I was wondering if it is "trumpists" - people who support Trump that he is addressing (and now you), or the people at this particular subreddit.
And he's the one that got himself there
It was about our newly elected pro-Russian President.
It does make you technically poor but I don't think this definition of poor coincides with the definition we imagine when we read "Europeans are getting poorer" or that Greeks have it better than Germans.
These are provocations for armed conflict.
They can keep blaming it just as easily as before
u/Acctforlnsub below says it's called inverse vocative
Professional property was always exempt from this tax which kinda says a lot of it's capabilities of being an anti rich people tax
It's mostly used when you forget the proper word for something
Japanese - I like Japanese culture, plus I'd love to work in either Japan or Korea
Angela Merkel now is the leader of the free world
Else I would never be able to see "Blackadder", for example...
I doubt that the defence and intelligence cooperation will stop after Brexit, it's a very important topic for both sides, I'd say even more important than having the UK in the single market.
Fucking leave Assad alone already, Syria was absolutely fine with him in charge before the civil war.
One I enjoy: that the women are gorgeous
Most people on this subreddit are unfamiliar with our traditions.
he did the digging, he deserves the spoils
And recently Turkey has deployed troops in all of its southern neighbors.
In Bulgaria every place you can fit a car is a parking spot
It has parts which can be described as "European" but it definitely is not an European nation.
In an attempt for our government to "unite" the nation in 1984 they forced all Bulgarian Turks (total about 10% of Bulgarian population) to change their names to Bulgarian-sounding one, they forbid traditional clothing and public muslim rituals
Help WESTERN Europe
Seriously though, this is terrifying
Ask the Czechs
Yeah, otherwise the British would have taken it after the 1917 revolution and it would be now part of Canada ;)
We finish up and one of our reachers calls me up and starts to talk to me in bulgarian as if she was never a german teacher  ... I wished for instant death, but I could just stay  there ... get super red and have a blank stare in my face
For sure it is not long exposure.
[He even built a wall to protect his people!]
5-7 are mostly useless and high school is a disorganized mess with no clear goal or purpose
There are protest now against that and people want a new procedure with more candidates
I've tried American Greek yoghurt, and it tastes like sugar
That's why I find it difficult to wrap my head around the concept of cases and even more so the absence of articles
I have never seen anybody celebrating it as Europe day
Yes, we have paid sick leave
Part of the idea I think was to teach kids at very young age that they may be a boy or a girl and it pretty much doesn't matter biologically
Traits not seen in Europeans (dark skin or slanted eyes) were reserved for characters who were monstrous in some manner - servant spirits, cursed kings, evil conquerors, you name it
In Bulgarian the sun is neuter, while the earth, the moon and the stars are feminine
Some of the recent terrorists attackers have passed our borders in the same way these migrants did.
We named our cat that
Pirate Party here I come
I've been there
Not before, but we usually drink AFTER exams, mostly the major ones - 4th grade, 7th grade and 12th grade
Yes, but it requires knowledge of foreign languages, and analytical brain in order to filter all that info.
It's probably what made Erdogan so bold and allowed him to think he can get away with anything.
Here's the deal, things are so fucked up that any new party that comes in power will undoubtedly be as worse as Borisov
I get it
The way the german stores do it.
Increase the digitization of our bureaucracy,make it so you can due most things online
We say bitche (бичè) to describe short muscular men from the macho type.
Obviously Eu governments should do something to stop the immigration from ME and Africa.
I like appelflap with coffee
In fact i've met quite many English tourists.
Beijing - Pekin
Yes, I never thought about it that way - the possibility that some of the kids die.
Laughs in Bulgarian
And I got asked by an american what do I mean by calling the States antagonistic.
First (and last) time I was there, I went on a date with this Irishman
Are you dumb or something
I moved to Germany after I got my bachelor's degree back home
[Bulgaria was first] (thanks to Scott Kelly's photos of Aurora Borrealis from space) :)
I never made it black as I don't give a shit about American issues
When there is a will, there is a way
>BEL exam is mandatory so you could prove you're not illiterate
There is a lesson to be learned indeed.
Most of the industrial base is in the eastern part of Ukraine.
It's just outdated Dutch with broken grammar to a Dutch speaker
The actions needed for a society to prosper are not always populsit, in fact they rarely are
Looking forward to S.T.A.L.K.E.R 2
They first learn to write, than read
That's a figure of speech
What about what other countries think about your country having certain statues
* Adrianople/Edirne is **Odrin**
Depending on the context
Unions are threatening strikes
Italian is hands down the most beautiful and especially musical language I've heard
> Russian is vastly more dominant and preferred,
Source
Consciously I think its strange.
So to bitch and moan about China is pretty weak.
It not really given much time on the news here so, no I don't follow much.
It was a non binding referendum, basically a very expensive opinion poll, No democratically elected government has the responsibility to enact everything that has 51 percent or more popularity.
A rival has to be at least semi-equal to you
We have vonfire day - Pokladi here its on the 49th day before Easter,  we say sorry to all of our family members,  then big , tall bonfires were let on fire we stay  and dance around them,  when they start to die of the tradition say that the young mans of the community should jump above the dying coles
It's pretty crazy as it's just a few clicks away to find out the guy is schizophrenic Kosovan.
Top searches in Bulgaria (in Bulgarian) currently: most of the results are "how do I sew my own mask" or "how to stay safe during COVID/grippe" and then
The messages on social media have been to keep the protests peaceful, but now at 22:30 there have been some football hooligans causing problems (throwing flares and objects).
Elementary school - You set the basics
Really
Yes, we all know about Reshetnikov.
Those conflicts are too fucking complicated to boil it down as simply
Good for us I guess
Not surprised tho, absolutist ideologs are usually like this.
Mayo
I believe you could (or at least back in the day, prior to the 90s) use your patronym instead of your family name
The times you win, its thanks to other countries.
It doesn't explain the prevalence of hard drinks in Slovakia, Albania, Kosovo and Macedonia, neither for Bulgaria.
All the Balkans yoghurts are amazing
We are accustomed to protesting for months on end every few years with questionable (unfortunately) results
They are interchangeable, but "pivo" feels more sophisticated and slightly old-fashioned
Probably only on some gas stations on the route of the transport trucks and the international busses.
It's used I think because It's very far away, in every aspect and meaning
BTW, the banner says "We want our Socialism back!".
Yes and it's not without reason
Same in Bulgarian
that thread was enlightening :)
Hey, Belgium borders the North Sea doesn't it
Russia literally took over half of Europe after WW2 and separated it from the rest of human civilization through an Iron Curtain and the imposition of dictatorial forms of government that had no respect for human dignity and human freedom.
To me personally, it always looked like a puppy
Happy independence day Latvia
Haven't heard of the other kind
The Turkish objective in Cyprus it to safeguard the interests of TCs and to prevent the island from unifying with Greece (ENOSIS) which seems to be the dream of many Greek nationalists like yourself.
Doesn't Kansas' tax experiment show that when you increase rich people's income they prefer to hoard the increase rather than invest it in the economy?
People who feel safe in their cars with their ABS, seatbelts and other safeties drive more recklessly
Yeah he's amazing
"Anyone I don't like works for Russia!"
Bulgarian language and basic mathematics should of course be taught, but literature should not he mandatory, and students are forced  to learn far more than basic math currently, even if it's completely useless to them
Most browsers will give you metric by default, excluding Chrome, which gives imperial.
He does look rather brown, even for a Portuguese.
* We call copying machines "kseroksi" after the Xerox brand;
But geographically both countries have a proportion of their land in balkans
I am not racist so racism doesn't exist.
In the US they say it grew by 2% annualised because that's how much the economy would grow if it grew by 0,5% every quarter.
If I had an euro for every time someone made that comment.
Yeah, kinda
Think "Auld Lang Syne" popularity
We also like to drop the letter "х" (corresponds to "h" in the latin alphabet) from words, in order to make them shorter.
When all media is pro-Putin and alternative view points are not available, that will tend to happen.
А, е, и, в and у are all words in Bulgarian
I would take being an American vassal over being a Russian vassal any time.
Polls were consistently showing a Brexit lead in the last few weeks before the referendum.
Reminds me of [Lady Gaga's music video for Alejandro]
Read what actually happened, the Holy See is currently fighting an internal battle to liberalize the Church and its various orders.
Tell someone the Cyrillic alphabet is Russian/made in Russia they will try to murder you with words
You'll have to do your own research on programs, universities and cities, but it's relatively low cost and quality education.
The average bulgarian doesn't get money for heating in the winter months.
* the name must not be offensive to the Bulgarian nation or state - it can’t be Bulgarochtonos etc
Do you really think anyone would give a shit about Georgia if it meant a world war
Lol
Can you tell me what incentives do people have to vote in the referendum for a presidential republic?
I am against such a tax because it will actually leave poor people, who are living month for month, a privilege that they will probably not be able to take advantage of(because they are poor I fail to see how the smallest expense in a holiday will help them afford said holiday or even time off) and in the end leave them worse of
There is a difference in literally all names, even if it's just a pronunciation difference
Younger people don't care
I bet he was even more proud when he recalled about how it was very preventable
In our globalized world - Britain is just a small spot on the Globe.
Formal speak to family is considered very offensive
It's not a universally good thing, it can be bad for some people, but it is without a doubt a million times better and more beneficial than the 'drugs' we are consuming constantly anyway
Some people trust our tap water, some don't. When travelling, however, most people tend to avoid drinking tap water from the town they're visiting because the different minerals in the water will hurt their digestive system, apparently
That's curious
I don't like his super macho style of writing as well
But that's the rules of the game.
Capitalism isnt perfect, but it's the closest thing we have to an automatic evaluation of how much we should pay for something
I have no idea if a pro-Russia person is to blame for this provocation, but you sure seem to gloat over the news and quite eagerly insist in your comments.
By the location I guess it's temperatures measured on mountain peaks like Musala in Rila and Vihren in Pirin Mountains
We had to learn where every country in the world is, what its capital is and some basic facts, including climate and exports
Never heard any Chinese having negative opinion of eastern europeans.
I think they are about 10-15 km.
After all it was the Britons themselves who voted leave.
The only public highschool that teaches math like that in my city is literally called a mathematics highschool
In NYC I could find Leffe, Hoegarden, Kronenborg and Frogbeer for example in the slightly more expensive super markets and neighborhood bars.
Didn't the EU save you with 70+ billion loan when you most need it and nobody wasn't there to lend you enough money with low interest level?
RTX: ON
I dunno how many refugees your country has taken, but having millions of Syrians streaming over the border to claim asylum kinda makes it our business.
Not gonna lie
It's a lovely message actually - we can all "be brothers" on Earth, when all other peoples embrace European civilization, culture and values, including music, so that this piece turns from "our" European hymn to "our human" one.
Luxembourg - Am I a joke to you
After thinking about this I don't think Bulgaria has one at the moment
I'm pretty sure that's what Putin wants you to believe.
We usually eat cake on Christmas Day but its not specific.
I once met a guy who was travelling from Berlin to Istanbul in the [gymnastic wheel]
I kind of get it but it feels trickier than Middle English
Fun fact, two reasons Iceland speed limit is so low
Italian
Thanks
Yes, sadly
Coming to our misty and swampy islands however is a privilege, and we choose who to invite and who to reject.
Can you please do a large post with this data for all the EE ex-communist countries, so we can compare
Politicians of all walks of life and all ends of the political spectrum have enacted 'shitty regulations' of all kinds
Maybe also close to serbia
They have been very active online and gaining some ground recently, but chances are they won't make it over the threshold.
The new plan makes it so that your entire high school performance is looked at, and the final exam is now more like A levels vs a general knowledge test
Never happened to me, but I've heard it happened to other Bulgarians.
Definetely chalga(turbo-folk in other slav countries)
Oh don't say that
This is widespread in Europe, they do it as far east as Bulgaria
We live in different places, you and I.
That's criminal
There are no such - people who don't have the totalitarian soviet thinking of you can very easily criticise the Ukrainian people for being ok with corruption in one thread, attack the Ukrainian far right for being hateful in another, shit on the Ukrainian politicians for being the scum of the earth in yet another, and then defend 100% Ukraine as a state under foreign intevention by a neighbouring power who forecefully took some of its land and has been organizing a regional conflict in another.
>You need a rational langage, so all southerns one are out
The gold standard
Tolerance and acceptance to EUROPEAN cultures.
I mean, I mother-bomb pretty much everything
There are much bigger problems in Europe at the moment.
Best way of social distancing: Put people into small islands
And even then, Ancient Mesopotamian, Egyptian, Greek and Roman religions were studied much more in comparison
Nationality doesn't really matter.
And how do I sign up
It’s mostly a nice and humorous rivalry, tho
This is the first time a government is set to finish its term since 2009, so yeah - we have had three interim governments appointed by the President since I started voting
The economy of Germany, societal structure and public transport of Japan, nationalistic tendencies of Serbia, fertility rate of Syria, net migration rate of St
You kiss instead of shaking hands, and have to bow to people who service you (cashiers to policemen)
Yeah, but I doubt Erdogan can tell the difference :D
only in English
Deeply influenced by America ( USA )?
Why blue
You might feel safe when trucks steamroll through pedestrians, but ordinary, normal people don't. Some people say liberalism is a disease and honestly, at this point I agree
That's like the norm
I would like to completely quit vapor/smoke.
She was used to getting all she wanted in life, so it wasn't something unusual
Made for bellydancing and drunk ululations and snapping fingers while sticking greasy money bills to the dancers' foreheads, all easy things to do for drunk, trashy people
Here's the actual EU anthem [Ode to Joy]
You need to focus on the economy and fighting corruption in stead of bickering with neighbours.
I can't really understand how you can stay 16 hours in shoes - and specifically why choose to do so
When shops don't work on a Sunday or that there are far less 24/7 shops
>At no point did I hear anyone in France talk about competitivity of universities, except those who want to increase their cost to entry of course
It didn't happen a lot that my mother called me "mom".
Yes, the system does need to be changed and even one government with good majority can only start to undo the actions of the mafia but not destroy it
But I would probably say somewhere in the Rodopa mountain range
I suppose it's the same way in Hungary and the rest of Eastern Europe
They issue bonds on international as well as in domestic markets and there are organized auctions for that matter.
But generally, younger people in Bulgaria do not feel that way towards Russians at all, unless they're hot lady Russians.
Sort of
Location - Mountains near Olympos village, Karpathos, Greece.
Yeah, someone has to be the poorest, and it was probably always going to be us, the quality of life and healthcare could have been so much better
>Bulgaria  - We are in a very good relationship at the moment but there is still controversy around Dobruja
We would be the IT department that everybody forgot existed
You are able to have a family and (not sure if you can adopt in/from abroad) kids.
Damn everybody comparing their cities to Detroit
I don't know about the biggest ever but if we exclude anything politics-related (cuz that's a shitshow) then I think Pulev's harassment scandal was pretty viral
[Why invading Switzerland is a really bad idea]
Yes I agree they acab is stupid but it's free speech
Actually instead of giving the Bozhkov's multimillion gambling business to someone else, GERB and Patriots voted a law that forbids private gambling (BSP voted against
it looks like the EU nations are inching towards a unilateral recognition of a Palestinian state.
>Pupils’ chances of escaping their socio-economic background are smaller in France than in any of the other 71 countries surveyed
Many Russians also died during the famine which also affected southern Russia.
There was this English guy who tried super hard to convince me that I speak and understand Russian after I told him I am Bulgarian
Or that NATO will invade Russia
Due to shoddy edution most people think Cyril and Methodius made the cyrillic alphabet but they made the glagolitic alphabet
That is their usual habitat either way.
It's a mixed bag, there are parks and some well made routes, many major streets are starting to get cyclist lanes on the sides of the road, but you're mostly either on the street or on sidewalks.
Scientific subjects like Chemistry and Biology aren't taught in 12 grade but Physics is and it feels forced
Because we need to be part of e big union.
* *sour red
Well, it's almost spring, and the birds and the bees and the hormones are filling the air, so let there be love ;)
You don't seem to realize the kind of indignation of muslims you you are making by the statement that all it takes for an innocent one to become a murderous terrorist is social antagonisation.
It's very easy for us both written and spoken
It's hard for me to explain to you, but it is.
They're so normal that I'm not actually sure if there's ads like that where I live
It's not perfect but you have the direction right and I can only hope we will be able to catch up
Between 2003 and 2012, performance in international maths tests fell compared with other countries
Bulgaria does not need more money, we are running a surplus,we need to actually spend more, borrow more and stimulate our economy
When u die you hug some flowers
I would say that Italian also holds popular along with Russian for some parts of the students
I would link my speedtest but I'm too lazy to get out of bed and go to the other room and use the Ethernet cable
Power from the mafia is taken only by blood
It was the G6 before Canada so the name is not really relevant, is it?
Doing GDP/capita comparisons with communist countries is a bit iffy.
EU's efforts are wasted on Serbia tbh
Exept the heath system, I think it's good enough as it is, bar the salaries.
While Bulgaria is Sunny Beach and English pensioner's retirement home
The villa was discovered a century ago
|Engineering|Sofia Technical University|
The situation is not comparable, ergo why I said "does not **feel**".
The very powerful don't even have to go to court.
Shiiieeeet neighbors, are you even trying?
We have 7 cultural and 3 natural World Heritage sites
He has a whole arsenal
That it wasn't there for a long time.
There is much left to be desired, but let us not forget that Pakistan is a nuclear power, whereas Iran has a fast growing economy.
There’s a certain portion of Bulgarian society that may answer with кой, which is who
Sweden neighboring Turkey would be all sorts of hilarious btw
So, depending on whether it is a presidential or a parliamentary form of state, it is the either the president or the prime minister who is the wielder of the executive power, which he exercises with the ministers
Trump is isolationist and his position on US arming of rebels, helping civil wars or supporting jyhadists in Syria would be a huge improvement over Obama's administration or a Hillary one.
In that order
None
So can the Presevo valley also secede from Serbia then?
In English and French, I use QWERTY
Hence, no, Eastern Europeans are definitely unable to permanently "colonized" any place on Earth with their migrants.
Cameras in the cars like russia.
“This would put the UK in a weak position if we wanted to negotiate trade deals to secure more market access for UK exporters – other countries might avoid coming to the table if we’d already opened up access to our market.”
Mountains
Black american people aren't saying white people have no cultures
Bulgarians have more than 200 dialects, so almost every city has its own accent, specific words and phrases and manner of speaking, so many people can't and don't care
Cause on Karpathos they'll get unemployment, tax refund, relatives from the States will send them bucks and - that's it.
Stara Zagora to Sofia (250km, about 3:45 by train) is about 7€, with a discount it's €3,50
You say you want more public services but Macron's government HAS INCREASED PUBLIC SPENDING
I've never been to Spain, never spoken/read/heard Spanish and I've seen Spanish only on TV for like a bit, a couple of phrases or something like that
You could've titled it Bulgaria and I wouldn't even question it
Couldn't have worded it better
Basically tall cement buildings which have not been painted outside since the fall of "communism".
\*казвам = say, but казвам се = I am called
Well, yes, but all the good English teachers realised long ago that they'd make more money as private tutors
Update, works just fine with a Bulgarian server
Nice me to met
Most Westerners have no idea what life was like in Poland.
Like, I want to support local producers and businesses but not at the expense of customer experience, warranty of the purchased items and 20-50% higher prices
Mostly we say "bahti", "basi", "deba, "daeba", "dagoeba"
Raw cucumber
Why do our idioms abuse animals so much lmao
Beautiful
A tax on what exactly, which part of the sector, how will that influence the development of that sector, will it destroy more jobs than it will bring via government spending
Believing in some spirit or life force doesn't affect in any way your daily life.
Umbrella
But UK cannot get a great deal.
Governments in the eastern bloc tried to control these things and we know how that turned out
The rest can be found in English [here]
Saddest shit I have read on Reddit.
Overall, I'd say it is hard not to spot a foreigner, even if he has lived for a long time in Bulgaria
I think people buy more often the cartons, because they're more convinient when using.
I live in North America, which does help explain my surprise and delight
Your first few days off, your salary is covered by your employer, the rest is covered by insurance
If you actively report pages it means you are actively pushing for more censorship.
All of my friends who went to Greece or Turkey on a holiday had a  great time
Yes and no
Poor guy, can't catch a break from bullshit
Honestly, I wouldn't say we're getting "brain drained", I would say however, that we're losing our laborers which hurts our economy jut as much, if not more.
The Globe will continue spinning, the trade will still be done, ships will continue sailing and people will continue with their daily routines.
Very often actually
In Bulgaria they have huge nice good quality stores whereas in the Netherlands they actually are small and they are marketing to poor people or people on a budget
Some people trust our tap water, some don't. When travelling, however, most people tend to avoid drinking tap water from the town they're visiting because the different minerals in the water will hurt their digestive system, apparently
Going bellow 2008 levels after he became president and started his reforms, as well as plans to slash corporate tax rate
Funny cause I've blown over 2k € on the camera, lenses, filters and whatnot and I've barely made 80 photos so far.
Don't you think China will not make haste with harmonizing their legal framework with the European, given that their government strongly supports upstream companies as a policy?
I was very surprised to find out that's what it's called in English
Probably some culturologist could make a scientific article about it :D
Stealing and lying is inherent to humanity
In the end what really links NATO countries is that they have to support each other in the event someone is attacked, although like you said there's   leeway there if you don't want to follow the spirit of the treaty
But not having the homies is a bit of a downside, yes
Also, if I'm not mistaken, that's similar to â and ă in Romanian but don't quote me on that
I needed math for the university entrance exams for what I wanted to study, and the things we were taught in the private courses were both not taught in highschool, and 100% necessary to pass even with the minimum
If anyone is so naive to think Russia should be trusted after this well they are lost anyways
Why would you vote against it
What are you on about
The other one is Pernik, a town near the capital
Shot was taken last fall while hiking.
With his views he would have probably ended up like Stambolov - hero to some, villain to others and likely assassinated
They are and they still have some of the best, same with Bulgaria.
So while a sample size of 1 is scientifically inadequate when it comes to convincing the public of something it's more than enough.
Too many elections get decided by rural and low-educated people being decieved by populism.
In my country there is not a single place where they sell Doners without potatoes in it
I was there, I think 200-300 is pretty spot on.
Continent: I don't know
This has happened to me in Sofia
The funniest part is how things are with the covid-19 panic going on rn
Because on average our streets are narrow and can’t feed a building that big
We'd hate Muslim for all eternity and what they did to us for 600 years
It's curious to me that Germany has a higher opinion of other countries in general.
We use the Cyrillic - it has a letter for every sound, so there is no variations in spellings
I'll get the ocasional word but that's about it
Sofia is at the base of Vitosha mountain so we technically have snow until early July (because Cherni vrah Peak is within the municipality and it's 2290 meters high)
Nope, no metals
We have a couple of very colourful expressions
you are full of shit and haven't even read the proposed reforms
I would love to go to work with a bike even tho I'll probably get killed on our streets but the sweat is a no-no for me
Once/if this ever changes, they should'nt have too many troubles getting in
I come from the seaside and I feel like the city is terribly mismanaged
It was funny, because if in our country someone tried to get ice cream inside he'll be thrown out in no time
* Tervel - the Khan that saved Byzantium from the Arabs
At the moment we do slightly under 1000 tests/million but the positive rate is about 15%. In the harshest months in the spring it didn't go over 6-7%.
I know there was a law where a company could not slash jobs in France if the company was doing ok globally
I... honestly don't know
Greeks don't recognize the name, we don't recognize the language.
Just don't do it man
Even when they were born and raised in Europe:
Is the usage of the cars taken into account ?
True
Minor party is Da BG, that claims to be liberal, and The Greens, who are tiny and claim to be green
This is very accurate
The particular way the words were put together goes a long way, too
The owners are HMD and the phones are manufactured by Foxconn.
Used to speak better English years ago, not anymore :P
It's just generally slavic
A person is more efficient at distributing his income than any central authority and can better match his needs than any government can predict or react to changes in that preference
There is even a fantastic [Lebanese] version of it
These are calm and loving, so sometimes autistic kids that have problems with contacting other beings more easily start touching and cuddling the animals.
He refuses to live with them during the winters because he doesn’t want to be a burden
I mean
There's no tendency, no suffixes, no rules
Get back on line, even Romanian politicians feel like puppies (no offense neighbors,  we like you) compared to our greedy fat grease fucks
They also have young immigrants going to them.
What ends up happening is that by everyone spending relatively little, they get a lot more back over time
lol says the country who currently has a Russian military exercise (Slavic Brotherhood :D) on its territory...
We don't, but the state of BDZh, the company that owns and provides train services is so bad, that it is a miracle we have trains at all
Old English is a lost cause though
>Have you seen the size they wanted Bulgaria to be after we gained independence
Yes there are skyscrapers but they don't overshadow the look of the mountain
In reality people that are fed the opposing hormones tend to disproportionally kill themselves, because they are being lied to by people like you.
" greeting
I myself could surely participate more
Things are improving, though, and people are rising to the middle class as of late so let's see for how long we'll be lagging behind still
France needs a progressive corporate tax system like the UK
Watch the movie Brexit to see how it all unfolded
r/AwfulEverything
The only way is - to reduce the number of people trying to get to Europe.
I assume soldiers are shipped too?
I don't know why, but a friend's kid in the US is autistic and they do use horses for therapy.
Part of why tens of thousands of us are in the streets everyday
Bruh, Greece 2 levels above Bulgaria, Turkey, Serbia etc
We live in a society where Left is right, right is left
And Britain thinks it's a large ship that can sail away elsewhere on the globe.
2 - The Ottoman Empire/Turkey - we were part of the Ottomans for 480 years
Bulgaria very good English
I don't mind sharing if there is a valid reason - for example someone is looking for a similar job to mine and asks me what he should negotiate for
I find Europeans to be very prejudiced against the US, thinking they're better, more cultured, more friendly, etc
That's why the diversity of our planet is a wonderful thing.
A standard ex-commie party organized "protest".
Anyways this is the first time i see such charts, though interesting, i think it is not that educational.
Chernobyl itself (the villiage) was super chill compared to Pripyat, we even had an ice cream in the local babushka store
Wasn't he Sande Filipovski actually?
I approve
I meant not in terms of ethnicity or anything but in terms of mindset for sure.
And it's not new
What makes you feel GERB has different plans?
Bulgaria never had any colonies, and we actually saved our Jewish population during WW2.
Maybe salt as well, depending how salty the cheese is.
The same story, different country.
IF you guys think Macedonia has good healthcare system I won't be the one to ruin your delusions.
Patronymic and family names end with -ov, -ev, -ski for males and -ova, -eva, -ska for females, while the very rare -ich is used for both genders
Which would make it a voluntary offensive initiative not something NATO can force on its members and so similarly Turkey can't force NATO to assist its attack
Of course, haven't you seen the results against Switzerland and Italy
We need some massive protests against the ideas the EU is pushing in regards to internet copyright and censorship
What do you prefer, pounds per square inch or Pascals?
There was a thread a few days about what else could happen this year to make it worse
There's a Bulgarian saying: "God forbid that a blind one should gain sight."
She's more Canadian than Bulgarian though.
They go мър-мър, verb: мъркам (мър - muh-R, like the u in umbrella)
e: shit that's not a building
Are those people fucking stupid
Some from Bulgaria that I noticed:
The trees you see on my post are actually olive trees.
Classes are usually 40 minutes long, and there are 10 minute breaks in between
I researched this a few hours ago after a friend and a mom shared on Facebook a rather hysterical post from one of the victims' mother blaming Islamic terrorists, refugees and Merkel for the rampage.
Serbs would give you a good run for your money too
Seriously, I envy the laws in the US for protecting your home and family.
There is nothing undemocratic about them i guess.
A lot of it isn't well researched but there is a certain charm in looking at an ancient temple or fortress before it saw excavations and is officially open to tourists
It is already 34 here in BG and it is already above my threshold
Look at OPs question again
And I mention something about bbq grills not being a common item here, for example
I don't know if you realise how right you are -
I wonder if he would allow me to get a skull cup
Im still waiting for the real summer here in Bulgaria
250 euros for a single-bedroom apartment seems high.
Spain and Romania both speak Romance languages, both are predominantly Christian, both used to be part of the Roman Empire.
1 lev - 1 bread or 1 packet ? (plastic jar
Българиа на три морета!
More countries have a lower, rather than a higher murder rate compared to the US
Sometimes I forget that we are literally bordering Turkey and we are right on the doorway to Asia
The snuu of thi sub doesn't go well with most of most top pictures
You can't force teenagers to spend 7 hours a day craming worthless garbage in 12 different subjects with no real use and expect them to care
Once again bordering Serbia, guess some things never change
Taxes are a genuine way for the government to provide people with services same as any private company would.
At the end our lives are momentary, and we'll be just another era of idiots even if we die in the process, big deal, but dooming the planet is just a dickmove, and something that obviously doesn't concern the most powerful man on Earth
So is mine, what i hope happens is that a lot of young people who haven't been politically active show up.
Is history of glorious country.
The only flag in Europe created not to point at nationality, but to point at uniting nations.
The most common here is "zele" (cabbage) , but I've heard "marmalad " (marmalade) and "usmivka" (smile) as well
I will reiterate that this case is from December and the people in question did conflicting interviews.
Without a welfare state they would have adapted by now.
Even if Trump isn't fascist he makes it much easier for the next fascist to succeed if he guts the media.
But I regret nothing
Terminal 1 (if that's the one you mean) will be demolished soon
France has pledged to invest almost a billion euros into higher education over the next five years
My point is that there are huge differences in the markets
Not isolating yourself to a tiny regional country of the size of Bohemia with giant Russia all over the east.
Not talking about the leaders themselves but the blind sheep that is following them.
No, either populism will destroy the EU, or the EU will destroy populism.
And I pay the same price in Sofia, Bulgaria for [this] It's just embarrassing.
I remember the millitary bases with US trucks and equipment in my small town village with goats and farmers as a kid
Lidl have just decided to fill the "cheaper, but terrible quality brand" niche in Bulgaria.
I'm pretty sure if it wasn't for the people and cameras yesterday, those other 2 guys would have been kidnapped and beaten
Can not recall any details though.
Well, I'm wondering just about the '5 tribes' version, because maybe only one tribe of the five came here (or some parts of a few tribes, so if Great Old Bulgaria was a union of five tribes, then no ohter country, founded by some of Kubrat's sons could unite all of these).
And most importantly, even if you wanted to have it a lot - you can't! Eat too much and it will give you the shits
We have NO benefit in bringing them in.
Frogs I do not know
I saw on the news 3 Macedonian guys were living for 10 years in Bulgaria and they sound 100% like natives, I was impressed
Pretty much all slavic languages if you talk slowly
So yeah, train travel is very affordable
With Bulgaria the problem is that most people who can speak a foreign language leave the country after they graduate.
It's honestly mostly the eyes that make it easier to guess, as well as the face shape
I don't think I've seen a topless lady at a pool, in fact, I'm pretty sure it's generally not allowed
Calm down, 19th century Propaganda.
as Bulgarian, when I hear Romanians speaking, it sounds pretty much Italian to me.
How is he going to endanger democracy?
I feel like that's the best description of the Balkans so far
The nuances native speakers can see in the languages are something non-native speakers can't see until much later on
Do we live on different planets?
but still celebrated her name day
There were caps, Romanian and Bulgarian migration was restricted until 2014.
Also literature is what makes a language a language
I don't think so
What support
If they get citizenship
Today (24th of Dec) is Badni vecher or Christmas Eve
The EU should ban this person and tell the US if he's appointed anywhere we would consider this a personal sleight.
Still, Bulgarian and Serbian are more similar than different
Border hopping is a crime in Europe as well, dumb-dumb.
Naw, in my end of the country it's a substitute for "Hi" :D
Their own inexpensive brands like Quechua and Domyos are already recognizable.
Well yeah, the truth hurts the most
Мерси :*
Really, what is so special about them?
Very true words
Each country has one crazy haired blond person who's ready to fuck up the country
But the realist in me thinks that a federalization of the countries of the EU into a single country in which they are states, would do more harm that good and only help to point out or differnces as Europeans.
Well it does, Ottomans were keeping us in the Middle Ages till 19th century, well giving equal rights to Christians and Muslims would be a good start
Like i haven't seen how swedish women act and behave in Greece and Turkey.
Is there any other reason to it
The bulgars were a small ruling elite that assimilated completely in the local traditions and customs.
> the FT proved that China had been faking their major data consistently for a decade
The card gets blocked in certain places, i.e.
or hired after the internship for that matter
Bellow 15C is starting to get cold in my opinion,  below 10C is cold and below 5C is freezing
Russia is increasingly aggressive and revisionist.
China pays them and makes it conditional on them shutting their mouths so that's what they do
From a political pov they're all equally shit at being objective and you're better off even using Facebook or chatting with people to inform yourself about politics
NOBODY wins in the short to mid term.
How am I, for example, shooting myself in the foot by being against mass immigration from muslim countries?
" - extremely foreign, unfamiliar
You don't have to apologise
For example, when government made [this  hilariously bad anti-gay video] couple of weeks ago  most comments were very supportive and disguisted by people who made this video
I remember the doctors and the pain.
In Bulgaria, under the communist dictatorship, circumcision was banned and illegal, but that did not prevent Muslims from finding ways to do it underground without doctor supervision.
We sided with whomever promised the strongest territorial gains.
If it's so easy to kill so many people AND get away with it, Germany will become prime target for ISIS.
turned out it was a large battle from more than 300 years ago
Haha...in fact an analyst wrote that Britain will try to split up East and West as it is in the British interest.
This dude is a hero because when we had the first balkan war this dude refused orders from above to abandon some villages in the Rhodopes knowing that the Turks have a bit of a sick history with what they do to innocent villagers and he fought against far greater numbers and still managed to win the battle and save these villages
Not all of Southern Europe has low unemployment
The same Chechens who drove out all Russians out of their republic and now run it practically as an independent country with generous subsidies
> Well, if they managed to reach 12th grade, you'd expect them to at least be literate
[Flowers of Europe] Beautiful Anemone Hortensis :) Took the picture today while walking in the nature.
Controlled by many countries, yet i dont hear someone saying that German people have been forced into anything by others.
We have our own version of it thanks to a unique bacterium only found in bulgaria
A functioning union that holds us accountable to certain standards
* Dragomir(a)
There is something profoundly different with this religion and the cultures that practice it and it must be taken into consideration with European immigration.
I think this verb fits better for a katana.
Next time he brings it up, tell him that the [TRNC flag] also has two red bars.
According to which system of ethics and morality?
Between 2003 and 2012, performance in international maths tests fell compared with other countries
Hope this helps
What a time to be alive
To be honest Greece especially the southern part I feel that has much more in common with Italy or Spain than North Macedonia or Bosnia
But sometimes my mouth doesn't obey me when I'm speaking too fast and I say "world" instead of "word" and vice versa
ridiculous TV star businessman who ran on empty populist rhetoric
That's the point, IT IS NOT THE OFFICIAL NAME
Even if the lady in the pic happens to be a lesbian, that doesn't stop her from caring about a right that primarily impacts straight women
It will be very hard to change something here, and it is getting harder every day
You are free to come up with any solution, but until then people are voting for whoever at least have the decency to come up with a pretty lie.
ps: I'm not saying that every restaurant or hotel is that bad, but most of them in fact are
Of course if both parties see such trade is insufficient they can always negotiate new agreement.
Why do we need a dictator prone country.
As a Bulgarian, i think Polish is the one i can understand the least of.
We can talk about subjects with studies and proposed solutions, the pros and cons of those solutions but if we just start blabing on about the emotional baggage of stuff the conversation comes to an end since we're not arguing about points now but emotional appeal
I tend to think a 'softer' Brexit would have had a better chance for passing than a 'hard' one.
The country with things like the N-word, F-word and so on is the pinnacle of free speech indeed.
The pedestrian infrastructure in the centre of the city is superior than anything Sofia can offer, Plovdiv is one of the few cities that has if not perfect, somewhat coherent cycling infrastructure etc
No idea, maybe better intelligence services.
For one, Poland mysteriously didn't get seriously affected by the Great Recession.
Bulgarian here, all of my friends speak fluent english and almost all of them are also fluent in another language.
It's obvious that they have nothing European in them, it's just another country with ME mentality.
My explanation is simple - state spoiled them last decades.
France needs competitive universities
There are plenty of buses, you can walk almost everywhere and work is 1 min walk from home
And there are a lot of other Roman ruins around towns, military encampments, villas ([1] [2] two major Roman roads passed through Bulgaria and there are remains of them too - Via Militaris/Diagonalis, Via Pontica
But I heard my parents talking about how many there were before
It's funny because I as a Dutch guy don't care who pays, I'm used to splitting the bill anyways
Yes this is insulting
What is there then
In general the culture here is that you don't really need to leave your home unless you really decide to yourself
Do you think central banks or IMF did not know about the currency swaps Greek government together with GoldmanSachs were doing?
There's no "right" manner - only how I choose to refer to you.
What do you think you're doing, cuckolds
Also, there is this great formation called Oratnitza which uses uncommon musical instruments and make music with motives from national folklore songs and a more "modern" sound
I read a few articles, but just fell in the rabbit hole and now nothing is clearer
This guy is a national treasure of yours
Unfortunately Britons lost the knowledge.
People with celiac disease or thyroid conditions probably love that
If they joined, they'd get voting rights on the rules they have to follow anyway
Какво как - в масло
* We call scotch tape "tikso" after the Tixo brand;
The netherlands has around 17 mil people.
Готов или не идвам аз
That's real bad
True
The trains are old and very slow, but the prices are very low, even by our standards
Obviously your idea for having great time is completely different than mine, nothing wrong with it.
We don't think of you guys as rivals at all
If I have to categorise Greece I would put them as Mediterraneans
>Never in our history have we had an expansion war
Not when it is illegal and wrong.
Not to mention the crap state of the NHS
You'll be surprised how much of the trade is controlled by western chains and you'll be surprised how many western goods are sold throughout the region.
Seems like a good time to buy dollars then
Only if USA accept to rewrite their constitution in order for EU to appoint them a King/Queen on rotation principle form the EU country members
Didn't know the home of D12 was that bad
A friend was an exchange student for 6 months in Prague.
The eastern half fell into an authoritarianism that sought to control how people think, and, outside of the SU, did not commit large parts of their population to being removed or being 2nd class citizens.
It's only for when women get married and it's the last name of their partner
I'm learning Russian and my wife is already baking batches of cookies for the Russian amphibian forces that are due to arrive any moment on our beach.
And none at all can be neither pieces of shit, nor wrong in their point of view?
In Russian koleja is still used for these grooves
I'm not familiar with the NHS (which probably deserves congratulations), but if they are paid more in Australia (I've read somewhere that they have one of the best economies in the world) that could explain it.
So glad someone said this
Is there a chance for change in powers if there are new parlamentary votes
Using a telephoto lens flattens the resulting picture, causing foreground and background to appear much closer together than they actually are.
Swedes seem to be big on american terminology.
Nobody stops you to introduce 10% corporate tax.
I can swear it was over 30 today
I haven't changed my daily routine or lifestyle, and will not change it for morons like The Orange Orangutan who was elected as president of the US of fucking A.
I absolutely adore Veliko Tarnovo
Правя - I am doing
It snows in Bulgaria every winter.
It could be something like in 2013 when the nationalists were pretending not to support them in parliament and they weren't part of the executive government.
[Here is a Bulgarian garbage can.
Do you think it is possible to buy quality BG wines in the UK?
These people are just plain idiots.
From the EU website
In general names get literal translations but every now and then translators decide to be clever or some shit and we get some gems
I don't remember Croatians and Estonians in particular and also I was the only Bulgarian there
Bulgarian is actually an exception as it's a Slavic language and we use articles as well but we have no case system, only remnants of it (there used to be one but it was abolished some time ago)
I am indifferent towards all Westerners as long as they do not knock on my nerves or do something really aggressive.
And 2 years after that you'll be in the period that is supposed to hurt your economy.
Stop projecting your issues on other countries, the world is much more complex.
Excellent summary
Begone
Me too
I dont know who QAnon is and honestly from that tweet I really dont wanna know
But I honestly like that, I wouldn't want it to be like with high schools, where people obsess over getting into "elite schools"
Given that "pivo" is a part of the official names of a number of local beer brands (Shumensko, Pirinsko, Burgasko, etc), I agree with the other comments that you somehow found a singularly
I just never heard people define the Balkan peninsula around 'vibe'.
Defensive organizations like NATO, or economic ones like the EU are the future
He'll keep it safe
EDIT: Read the question wrong, don't visit Sunny Beach
Axis 2 Electric boogaloo
University bans phrases such as 'mankind' and 'gentleman's agreement' in favour of gender-neutral terms
He has twitter account for international and internal relations.
It's hilarious on a table with friends while drinking
I suspect in the end California will sweep in and ruin our fun.
Well, it's true, but that's what the UK has been doing all long since it joined the Union.
There were some really good infrographics(?) a couple months back comparing Trump and Hillary's policies on A LOT of things, is there something like that out in English, or would I just be forced to read a shit ton of articles to figure out where they stand on a bunch of things
Then your visa is based on your savings and income, not on a local job offer.
Fake map which represents your feelings not the reality!
You can still hear a lot of them in Bulgarian folk songs
Was everywhere in 2018
It was a joke, that is what the Balkans are known for, so it was...
[Azis - Sen Trope] I'm ashamed to admit that I find it catchy
> шлагбаум
Jesus, what a god damn pointless burden it is to have a diverse society.
I don't think I would say no, however if I were given the choice at an older age.
Cut the wellfare of any Bulgarian who leeches in Western Europe.
The "leader of the free world" elected someone who said China murdering hundreds of protesters back in 1989 showcased strength and implied the US needs to be more like that.
All professions the state doesn't need and for whom there's little work
And, listen, even if we agree the EU is nothing but a framework which corrupt politicians exploit, none of that would have been possible without that framework
Why do our idioms abuse animals so much lmao
Only the part about the past decade is per head.
Absolute legend
But our wages are still Albania tier in the end.
You don't have free healthcare.
Pantcho Vladigerov State Music Academy|
I had planned a trip to Valencia for my daughter to see the Oceanographic Museum fir her birthday
Shit must be wild
Comment and post your opinions please.
It really depends and basically the diaspora covers the whole spectrum.
Huh...cats are cute everywhere on the globe.
This would be rather Momchilgrad which unlike Kardzhali actually has a Turkish majority
The old city is very beautiful;
I have never actually been inside the Boyana church
According to it in 2014 the US grew quarterly by -1, 4, 5 and then 2%.
Evidence of the existence of a community on Mount Titano dates back to the [Middle Ages] That evidence comes from a monk named Eugippio, who reports in several documents going back to 511 that another monk lived here
There are various folk songs (some of dubious authenticity) detailing different freedom fighters against the Ottomans, going all the way back to the last Tzar before the medieval kingdom was conquered
We Bulgarians agree our name is perfect as it is
It's called [Етър] (Etar) and it's basically caramel flavoursed soda drink
Po dyavolite is REAL mild
> Nicopolis ad Istrum can be said to have been the birthplace of [Germanic] literary tradition
Malta, Hungary and Lithuania
Don't get me wrong, there's a big Turkish minority here, but *I am from the region,* I can assure you the Turkish language is still not the majority language, and that's by an absolutely astonishingly huge margin
We pickle cornichons here, but they are not the large cucumbers we call
That
The ragout
From what little I know about politics, violating a nation's sovereignty is tantamount to declaring war, so direct intervention is out
There is a huge difference between inhaling/ingesting radioactive material and having it on you shoes.
Increase spending on Research and Development as well as education
If only they were as good in anything else.
Probably neither, looking at the distinctlack of major romanian teritory.
No i would like to ask a simple question, why are there so many articles posted on r/europe regarding Britain?
Well, when it raged, half of Europe was isolated behind the Iron curtain which limited travel and therefor slowed the spread there, but then again, once it got through the curtain, the lack of information and awareness made it spread faster
Eastern Europe is the most demographically ageing and shrinking place on Earth together with Japan.
Are farmers converting wind mills to wind turbines?
That's why the country will be blowing up anyway
(And I don't meant the AlL rElIgIoNs ArE EvIl AnD sTuPiD type of atheist, I mean somebody even making a dry joke about the timeline of Easter or something that's not even *offensive*.)
It's the domain of the Great one!
So the protesting crowd (by far the larger part of it) represents the most pro-EU constituency here
This is the church where a big chunk of France's kings were crowned throughout its history
Today they are hitting large and middle businesses, tomorrow it may well be you and me, unless you're on friendly terms with someone in power
You are telling me that people in Asia are living in the same condition as they did during the 20th century?
It's not like you were banned from the entire internet
It really starts with cheap places, but after that...Copenhagen, Stockholm, Vienna...give me a break.
I will note out the Baltic states and Czechia are doing well and resemble to certain extent the employment rate in western countries.
I don't see anything on him approving a 40 billion law
There are some subjects that are an absolute must and which you cannot cut tho like: Bulgarian language
Compare it to how we believe that the earth orbits the sun.
And she started selling ice cream
Or the politicians
But like the worst form gossiping hens, the ultimate super-Karen, you want to get into other people's business and ruin their fun
It's a great song
Very nice
They were insolent enough to vote this in secret, they won't go without blood.
Why would they wanna invade Bulgaria
This is another one of those emotional arguments on how things are just too different and unique and nobody understands the perils of the poor French people
I mean, you guys are pretty good at it too
In the US we see a strong push for protectionalist policies from Republicans, but is there a similar example in the EU?
That Europe = Britain
I feel bad because Macedonia was my first thought
If you want something cool to read you should check out Bulgarian and Byzantine relations, there were a lot of wars, peace treaties, and some very brutal battles
They don't threaten us directly, but kind of with their propaganda in our medias.
Fuck women, I guess
Im Bulgarian but ive lived in England for my whole life and i think that english can be very easy but its not the easiest since all the grammar rules makes it confusing
>it's a lot of work for not a lot of money
Таратор (Tarator) - a cold salty soup made with yogurt, sliced cucumbers and walnuts
If politicians want to fuck up, then the people should rise up and tell them that neither Britons, nor continentals are demons and no matter what, they will continue being neighbors even after a hundred years.
Not exactly what you ask for but the word [Bugger]#Etymology) exist because of Bulgaria.
So, a train is the best way to travel if you value your comfort more than your time
I'm from the biggest city, so my experience with it isn't as 'severe'.
It's ridiculous how much time and money is being wasted to the detriment of young people across the country
Left out are: gotse delchev, ljuben karavelov, todor alexandrov, georgi benkovski, peyo yavorov, etc etc
They just slap shitty unreadable piece of paper with Bulgarian translation on it and call it day
The Romans knew what they were doing when they built it in the first place
It only serves to make young people hate reading
* Yoan(a)
Bulgaria's population went from almost 9 million in 1989 to barely 7 million today, and it is decreasing further every year.
Expecting to get fully downvoted
This calls for an EU-wide company that should regulate this project
The Romans were an ancient Italian tribe
There is a favourite alternative rock band of mine from Bulgaria which is called Hayes & Y. They sing in English so that would make them accessible
The ottomans have done many genocides in their time they have killed hundreds of thousents of bulgarian peasants during their occupation for things such as looking at them the wrong way the ottomans are awful and cruel people
Its not like being pro tax, pro lgbt and pro workers rights means different things in the States.
Belgium, Denmark, Portugal, Spain, Norway, Italy, Austro-Hungary and Sweden also had colonial empires
It is a song from the early days of our pop folk or as we like to call it chalga
Good, now you can unsubscribe from the American website reddit.com.
In my country it's less than 5%. Probably because of our culture being much more hostile to nudity in public than other Europeans'. Whenever I go to a public beach, there are always 2 or 3 topless women in sight, but no more
These look like pointy nipples
I hope our stay is welcome
Not according to most people
Compare South and North Korea, Estonia and Finland, Eastern and Western Germany, Bulgaria and Greece etc.
Do you think there is non-productive part of Europe?
People who are unemployed can pay 8% of the minimum salary every month, to be health insured, which is equal to around 8-9 euros.
Can we get one but for Mountain cover
We were a really bad Nazi puppet.
Congratulations Crna Gora
> Homo-Nazis
Didn't expect anything different from Poland.
And this is all in State-run schools
This has little to do with the Soviet role in starting the war.
Come to Bulgaria, corp tax is only 10% and there is a very little chance of someone stealing [your company] its [bank account] or [the whole bank] :)
Slavic followed by Baltic and Nordic countries.
It's good that some people are starting to openly admit their supports for terrorists, all the denial and hidden agenda was getting tiresome.
I don't remeber my parents giving me "the talk" neither my school offered sex ed classes
Nothing happened, they simply assimilated into the new dominant culture of the region.
Countries don't need to grow enough food to feed their population in our time.
Unpopular opinion: keep it
] Not everyone believes that but you can see a few Bulgarian redditors essentially claiming that we should be placed much higher and questioning the ranking
Well, I don't listen to pop, but was pretty shocked to learn "turn me on" does not refer to turning an engine, machine or switch on/ off
You can't say that when the full English breakfast exists mate
Removing the testicles (gonadectomy) renders the male sterile and completely unable to have children.
Behind this tradition in our country stands our long history of being culturally connected with the nature
We are mainly descended from the thracians and after that from slavs which set the cultural norms.
He has worked for the Rothschilds!
American congress usually polls below 20% but that doesn't mean most Americans want Congress abolished.
What's PSP, is it Patagonian for something
We call Romanians 'Mamaligari' - basically eating mamaliga (maize poridge)
Both don't want to be part of Serbia, Ukraine respectively, Crimeans wanted referendum to become independent from 1990s until now but Kiev didn't let them.
Wouldn't hold my breath - [GDP Per Capita]#!ctype=l&strail=false&bcs=d&nselm=h&met_y=ny_gdp_pcap_cd&scale_y=lin&ind_y=false&rdim=region&idim=country:BGR:ROM:SRB:HRV&ifdim=region&hl=en_US&dl=en&ind=false)
Even in places like Kardzali and Razgrad where the majority of people are Turkish ethnically, there arent movements for secession
I kid, I kid, but
I'm talking about the years right after the 2008 crash.
Maybe they know, but their brain can't process the information very well.
Yeah, and make Trumpers pay for it!
This dude invented it together with some colleagues
I liked how Geshev started to prosecute several rich oligarchs (something unseen till now)
I actually live on the border with Romania but I've never been there.
I thought 140 was the norm
I don't want to *tear down* the EU, I want to *change* it
Ohh, can I ask what field you're in and your major
For the US, there would be 244 dogs per 1000 people [1], higher than in any EU country.
Its more propaganda I believe
Improve training for the unemployed
Unsuccessful people are really good at making excuses.
The sooner the process accomplishes, the better.
We love Romanian tourists :)
It's also a thing in Bulgaria, except we eat it on the 6th of december
Plus, all the imperial/colonial past and baggage is also very similar in pretty much all ways you can imagine
You mean they'll get some kind of allergic rash just from touching pasta with their lips or what
So now you decide for authorities.
Edit: missing word
On 9^(th) of May we are preoccupied with arguments pro and con the Victory Parade in Moscow
That's strange I always thought Ukrainians had a bad opinion of Russia
I really didn't like it
I understood you were stating dictators existed who opposed external threats, *even* from their own ideologies.
Because when you were displacing people and colonizing half of the world we were getting colonized.
(No real experience with other North American countries though)
The rest of the world would be interesting for me to see.
It's doing better than turkey, we atleast don't have a muslim fanatic as a dictator
nice, a pyrocynical fan
21-22C - Thermostat is set at 22C, but don't think it's uniform around the whole room
We're doing the same thing now and we shouldn't stop until we win the fight
This gets followed by like
That is already happening: Bulgaria is upgrading its main line from 65 to 160 kmh but it still has no high speed connection with its close countries like Romania and Hungary
And Brits keep crying that they are disliked.
Still can be seen well in the English language as in the mainland germanic languages you now have "frau or vrouw" for women
I don't know many deeply religious peoples in my country but the few that I know are very involved with various kind of charities, community organizations, nature preserving and non have denied science or hold really conservative values
lol, i've heard so many such stories from the US...
Well that's a first
So, yeah
I blame the state
Also, keep in mind that it's in the utmost interest of the USSR or its successor Russia to play the victim and instill the narrative of being the victim in order to mask its role of one of the countries primarily responsible for the outbreak of WWII.
Putin is strong
In that case may I recommend you read The Road to Serfdom by Hayek
Apparently some random company nobody knows about that has a revenue of 500 euro got a loan of 30+ mil euro by the Bulgarian Development Bank
Trolls are scandinavian mythological creatures.
Cyberpunk is a term used to describe a specific form of science fiction
Make sure you go there
That's what our sense of humour is like
It was used as a sample that counterfeiters show to the clients
I get that these engines are better in that they don't steal your data but I've yet to find one as good as Google at finding the result I'm looking for
Not sure if this will be of any help to you but here's what I can tell you.
> mokrostupy
Used to be 30%,  more like 1
It is quite clear which countries the redditors must comment and give opinions.
In 11th or 12th grade, we had a very graphic presentation (again, split rooms between girls and boys) about STDs that read entirely as fear-mongering to me though I understand the need to promote SAFE sex, it felt like it was to dissuade us from sex at all
Why would i not want to be able to travel to other countries?
These protests are directly against the mafia, the rule of law so that's how it differs
I would really love to see same-sex mariagge legalised and for people to become more open-minded (when it comes to all kinds of issues), but it's a very long road ahead
Yea , exactly,  especially dad calls me "тате" (tate) all the time , mom , not so often but still calls me mom .
I dont doubt you have some good "niche" or smaller market share stuff, but your big selling brans are shit.
I haven't come to Karpathos because of that particular celebration.
life in general
Where and when was the shot taken?
The snuu of thi sub doesn't go well with most of most top pictures
I don't know about the biggest ever but if we exclude anything politics-related (cuz that's a shitshow) then I think Pulev's harassment scandal was pretty viral
It's a circus of a country really.
I haven't even finished them so maybe I should revisit it
I love the cognitive dissonance so many people today have where they simultaneously defend the horrible Democracy as a form of government, but then again hate it every time it doesn't suit their views of society.
For comparison the entire solar capacity of the EU is 100GW.
>Pupils’ chances of escaping their socio-economic background are smaller in France than in any of the other 71 countries surveyed
The Party Conventions were covered and now the US is mostly reported on in terms of the pandemic or whatever the Trump gem of the day is
Working against your own citizens is unracist, noble and guarantees place in heaven.
I believe Ireland has better landscapes to be taken shots of.
That being said, prices for basic stuff like food etc
No, the map gives plenty of examples of countries on a similar level of GDP per capita where government spending is inverse to growth.
The proud ones are those who claim responsibility for the attack.
The answer is obviously no
It was a very prominent pledge during the presidential debate.
Not really
If our modern society were to fall apart tomorrow, these people would be prepared to handle it
Got many more pictures of flowering plants taken these days on the island of Karpathos.
even if the interpretation of the vote was right, wouldn't they rather stay and fix the government rather than just resign
Not with these roads
The Bulgarian state had 3 seas at its borders, so they say stuff like "Bulgaria on three seas
Half your country has lovely cities, much prettier than ours.
We don't really have rivals
It's impressive, don't get me wrong, it's just that I'm used to it now
But I wouldn't call it friends, more like friendly
Clean air and a telephoto lens was used to capture this photo in 7AM.
They need to unionise or something.
You have a lot of geothermal energy, but i guess that is hard for them to export.
Well, it could be the small-country-overwhelmed-by-huge-amount-of-tourists-from-bigger-different-place complex
" Exaggeration
I am guessing you do not watch Fox News much.
First name - just a regular first name
Country has 20% debt to GDP ratio which is one of the lowest in Europe
Literally nothing to do with rights, at all
There's more to France than just Paris.
Best guess is myself and ourselves
And I honestly wouldn't blame them.
Yeah, I have also noticed that
I know but it's annoying to type out the long distinction every time.
Many politicians also called the law "The amnesty law".
Edit: Nevermind
Don't worry, it will take 30 years then Germany'll look worse that France.
Literally whole towns get abandoned and deleted off the map, which leaves tons of abandoned houses and facilities
> But all this time from 1938 to 1939, until the very beginning of the  war, the USSR called on European countries to unite and prevent a  possibility of war
I grew up in an environment where post-communist Bulgaria cherished cigarette usage and everyone did it, i made the choice not to without heavy taxation or whatever, just good enough information from my parents and teachers.
Eeeh, not to stereotype, but I know about a couple of people who made small fortunes initially by hacking of different sorts and then went to software or related businesses with nice "starter capital".
Unsurprising, but weird: Гадже (*gadzhe*, dzh sound like in judge) is established Bulgarian slang for boyfriend or girlfriend, and it comes from the Romani word for "non-Roma person". No comment on how it probably ended up that way
There wouldn't be enough place on the map.
This sign strikes fear in everyone, cause the road after it is toll-controlled and its often very badly maintained
Not a Bulgarian city
I can only speculate she's in some religious sect that is helping her, or she's completely gone off her rocker and devoted all her time into this, cause I can't fathom how she's continuing to do it for 5+ years
(Taking the body, cleaning it, sewing it, putting make up, putting ither clothes)
Biggest problem is the condition of the roads imo, but of course we have a fair amount of idiots driving the wrong way on a highway because the missed the exit so it can't be just "infrastructure bad".
There were people working 2 jobs, one in the morning, one in the evening.
The French public is okay with a criminal and former prisoner having a chance to run their country?
Happy birthday, Romania
I come from the seaside and I feel like the city is terribly mismanaged
I for one am happy that people stayed safe, and you can keep telling us what the terrorists want and that we somehow lose, when we do something else for a change.
I am unsure if that's the reason for the lion, though.
And you can do so with power sockets
If the EU does not take care of Eastern Europe someone else will STEP IT UP EU THIS IS YOUR CHANCE
And told me that I was in denial and I was just pretending by saying that I don't speak nor I understand Russian because I have never studied it in my life
Transcribed to Latin script: „Pamopazhesh pali pada pagopavoparish patapaka
I lived in some European countries as well.
We were taught that Australia encompasses Astralasia, Micronesia, Melanesia and Polynesia
Imo, what's done is done in the Balkans.
Francois Fillon: I will drop out of France president race if investigated
or that bridge with the dragons
I absolutely adore Veliko Tarnovo
Най-накрая виждам някой друг от България
Panda fornication is serious Austrian business, sir
I would put face in quotation marks.
You could smoke almost everywhere
I also thought that Kinder is German, I mean makes sense since it is a German word
We know that automatic filters are really, really bad at discerning what actually constitutes copyright infringement, but if you're just an old guy who can barely send an e-mail you'd probably think "check uploaded things for copyright infringement
That's just what my grandparents thought.
It is just a matter of time before all bordering countries make a coalition against Sulatant of Erdogan.
The rest of the CE/EE region however are far behind the average numbers in the more developed west.
Not to mention that this will allow Thessaloniki to become the African entry port for shipping
Lutenitsa works with basically everything
36 No
I hope it's not the "mersi" one which is very informal
Yes
To me it would mean full uniformity and that would not really apply here.
You must have a sad and miserable life my man.
You can get a decent one bedroom in Sofia for 250 EUR, a shit one for 200.
I have a couple of Bulgarian Turk friends.
Let's see
Unlike China, Spain is democracy, so nobody will force Gibraltans to not talk what they like or what they think.
United Patriots (VMRO + Attack, I think they split lately) - far right, with visible traits of fascism
What cause
Was it the accent or just your bigotry?
>The EU does not have a direct role in raising taxes or setting tax rates
So torrenting movies and music for yourself to listen/watch is completely legal.
Our communist leaders allegedly set up companies in western Europe under the nose of the Soviet Union, to do some money laundering as soon as they saw the the communist downfall coming
Their military capability is grossly overstated.
FN is weakest in Bretagne, the place with least muslims and black people.
This is war mate
Well yeah, Arabic is a definite lingua franca in North Africa and the Middle East
As an example Many People consider Czechia as Eastern Europe and Austria central or western despite geographically is more eastern
Most of them cant speak bulgarian.
are all things you get in return for your taxes, hence you'v not been robbed, merely lets say *forced* to partake in those services.
It's actually my earliest memory.
There's so little resources available it's crazy
In the future we should probably focus more on the effects it would have on social media and wikipedia, which FAR more people use and care about
Готов или не, аз идвам or Готов или не, ето ме, идвам OR Готов или не, идвам!
Chernobyl itself (the villiage) was super chill compared to Pripyat, we even had an ice cream in the local babushka store
Different people, different reasons.
I can't imagine anyone else being so out-of-touch with societal norms and culture, but I haven't been in France so I might be missing something
Happy Martisor btw
I have some distant cousins in the US that are third generation emigrants, they can barely speak Bulgarian but they still celebrate their name days
Hoping to start a business soon
Cherni Vrah (highest peak of Vitosha) also has a weather station
Shitty economy - if you take the map of the minimum salary per country, you can see where the communism had been.
Don't you guys have a thing where you just flip a word and it becomes something completely different
Some skiing as well but Bansko, Borovets and Pamporovo have more variety.
I don'tthink what the video shows are exclusively official national flags and the year they were adopted.
And then losing everything we got from the first Balkan war
We have separate stats for North America and Latin America.
So although we say, studied the Huns, it was mostly in relation to Rome
com] has accurate address numbers where Google Maps often has them really far off
And you can do so with power sockets
(Polish understand Czech more than Czech understand Polish, Bulgarians understand Serbian more than the other way around etc
Because the British Parliament is a disnfunctional mess, that's why
As to who's scarier, Trump may be the obvious comic-book style villain, but I'm more scared of the insidious double-faced menace that is Clinton.
Literally all our neighbours have fantastic nature, delicious traditional cuisine, and are very hearty people
Most iconic: Yogurt
You have not met the lord of brexit?
60€) whitout discount ( 50% off for school and uni
I don't want to sound like an asshole, but that seems a little...
That's the idea of a lot of parties, if a radical one gains power the more moderate start supporting some of the radical policies,because in reality most radicals have wrong answers to real problems, so in that way you get some attention to these problem but they are not solved in brutal unhuman way
The importance of staying in touch with and speaking to the family often
...but the richest 1% is way more wealthier than the rest, and the middle class in Sweden has a better standard of living than the other middle class
Thinking it's not loaded, she pulled the trigger, but it was so she killed herself
The case that ruled ДПС constitutional is fascinating
Anyone providing the country's government with a service, good or capital.
RIP
I'll be in my bunk
You are such a fortunate exception.
Exactly
" kind of like a "That makes sense
Just get a good ol' map and write "Not Russia", "Still Not Russia", "Definitely Not Russia", "Not Even The Same Language Family as Russia", "Not Siberia", etc
Not if you were black or anti-war left
And him not issuing any orders whatsoever in that period is a myth, AFAIK
(that is now somehow running their countries now, because they defeated Hitler)
We've had teachers between 7th and 10th grade taking the time in their class (homeroom or biology, usually) to dive into the topic of their own volition, read informative texts or show movies that educate about how easily HIV can be transferred, and talk about wet dreams and horniness rather than actual sex
Bulgarian is the only official language and studying it is mandatory.
More than you hear about it about Bulgaria
sure, just dont complain about gas prices afterwards
I would add the April Uprising of 1876 as it helped Bulgaria to finally gain recognition and on the fact what is really happening in the Ottoman empire
I want to develop games and the best industry for that is Japan, currently
Used to be 30%,  more like 1
well, none of your neighbors have Tatratea
When I was growing up in Poland I had to learn Russian.
Main reason I moved from the amber part of the map to the turquoise part, after briefly considering the sky blue part
It spells out FEU, which is French for fire.
Bless that judge
Romanians
we **need** a blood bath
Can't say about my country but I personally have a rather positive view of him.
Why has the word ''Slav'' become a synoynum for an uncivilized thug
OKe I'm out
I would prefer Bulgarians be at home in Bulgaria and contributing to the country, yes.
Getting greedy for land after the first balkan war and thinking we can take on all our neighbours
Definetely chalga(turbo-folk in other slav countries)
These are a life saver at concerts and other events
Yup, things are that bad
The period before accession is the "honeymoon period".
History majors are not a great indicator either.
The new plan makes it so that your entire high school performance is looked at, and the final exam is now more like A levels vs a general knowledge test
Is it because of this that RTX 3060 Ti prices are so high in Europe (when there is availability of course)
It's kinda stupid that information about the emergency European number starts off by telling us what the US emergency number is, no
It's not like we're using all that free space anyway - demographic crisis and all
Italian - Grazie
Perhaps because it is disputed if they should give credit to the hungarians, serbs or byzantines:
But they did have Bulgarian citizenship by birth.
That's strange I always thought Ukrainians had a bad opinion of Russia
having a sustainable living model
Another example is a Croatian guy who came from Bosnia like 25 years ago, he was a child around 13 I think and he still to this date does not speak perfect Bulgarian, I can clearly hear his accent and he is from a very close language to Bulgarian, gives you an idea that anyone else will be impossible for them to speak like a native
I was too young at the time so i probably couldn't really understand it back then, but i remember my mother rushing to the other room and telling my father to come and look at the TV.
And as it will become more complicated for people of Gibraltar once the Brithing is accomplished to import goods from Spain, to trade with them and even cross border, they may reconsider their decision to stay with the UK.
Comments here give the impression that PiS is a party made up of a bunch of triple-Hitlers that eat babies for breakfast and shoot gay people for sport in the afternoon before torching some immigrants
We are the fastest dying population and nobody speaks our language
Ducky Trump and cancels out all the sanctions and slowly reversing the effects of sanctions that have been slapped on them due to their crimes in
Yes, all you wrote is correct - you have full right to express opinions and in turn socialy ostracize people for their opinions.
Bulgaria is a parliamentary republic with the president having mostly representative powers.
Check out the Rhodopes in the summer if you like hiking through nature
Marlboro smells and tastes completely different in Germany if compared to the packets sold in Bulgaria.
They color green olives to make them look black
Actually, the deputy prime minister said something to that effect recently.
Yes, almost every country on Earth has to improve a lot, that's the whole idea of this agreement
And I thought I know all the soviet-bloc cars :)
I believe that in the nearest future such articles trying to discredit corruption fight in our region and trying to discredit Eastern Europe in general will be something common in the British news outlets.
- clicked the link: something red, something, something adblock
It's way more than I can say about Bulgaria and its people.
For masculine words, there are 4 different versions of the - 'a', 'ът/ut', 'я/ya' and 'ят/yat'. Which one you use depends on the role of the word in the sentence (if it's the subject, you use the versions ending in t) and of the word itself
There are actually Greens in BSP, Yes Bulgaria, and even the Reformist Bloc.
I'm really grateful for that and I hope I continue learn new languages (I actually know some Russian, this time i learned it through school)
Roma Invicta
What part of the finance sector, that  offers tens of thousands of high paying jobs, do you want to destroy exactly
**Turkey** - I love how polite they are
You are uneducated or have fallen victim to the lies of Greeks and Bulgaro-tatars.
They are building one in [Sofia]
You did a great job with the post, kudos.
Trump only claimed he would kick out anyone not committing to the 2% NATO budgetary guideline.
Welp, there's a difference between east and west regarding Europe, and now that I think of, the west isn't immune to ridiculous politicians too (Le Pen, Boris Johnson
That would be pretty nice net salary for outside of the capital, you would even be able to rent a place and live kinda okay.
When I was a kid and had never been abroad I imagined EVERY foreign country looked like Manhattan or downtown LA because my only exposure to the outside world was TV
Most of then don't have a primary role, but actually help bind sentences, add stuff when stating things or show the position of someone/something
I mean, usually (!) you can distinguish a Bulgarian and a German, for example, but still, you can never be sure.
My parents were told that for decades before 1989 and didn't "get over it".
That is the most valuable lesson I can give you
Both of the other 2 options are worse
I was trying to find a justification of me going to work sweaty and with messed up cloths but I just cant, we are not there yet, not even close
Instead they chose endless bail outs which did not bring any good for both lenders and borrower.
Just "Deeba" at the least
What Bulgaria should do is a complete and extremely detailed check for each bus and passenger that comes to Bulgaria in the next couple of days.
* **GERB's Proposal for a New Constitution** \- after two months of anti-government protests and accusations that the current ruling government can't provide the change demanded by the street, the ruling GERB party and it's braindead leader Boyko Borisov, came up with the briliant idea to write a new Constitution
**Grades 1 - 4:** classes start about 1 hour after other grades'. These kids get their "big" break after their second class, and they usually don't have more than 6 classes per day
Communism was fucking awesome, all of these other reactionary fascists were sent to reeducation camp for having dissenting thoughts, you could eat bananas and oranges once a year on Christmas bought to you by Ded Moroz while waiting for your apartment in a cement block and Lada for 10 years!
Corrupt politicians have allowed the EU to become an absolute disgrace, and today the "union" reached the lowest point in its history
Even without it being a requirement though your government already gives a lot more  to international aid   than to the EU budget
Speeding on the highway is not an issue so it is resources spent on something that has no correlation with accidents
My dialect is Rhodopean and I will forever resent my parents for being 'fluent' in it but never teaching me to speak it
There were rumors that he was Estonian
Where can I get my fascist-EU armband?
* Tsvetoslav(a)
They wut
It was built against the Teutons...by the stonemason of the Teutonic order, hence the very obvious Teutonic Order style you can recognize in all of their castles across modern Poland, Lithuania and the Baltics, from wiki:
I know some french but my GF will translate it for me
data from votes in Turkey has yet to come, so you never know;
Germans are everywhere btw
Obviously the weirdos who believe the conspiracy theories aren't fond of them very much, but there are no negative opinions in general
In the Netherlands, if you have a dutch passport, you're dutch.
If people say they "want" reforms, but prefer what they currently have over nothing, then nothing will change
Whether something is good or bad depends on the point of view and the interests of the entity that evaluates it - that is the very definition of subjectivism.
Keep fighting the good fight vs trolls 👍
When the UK government releases 2016 population statistics, it should be easily calculable.
The answer to this question is also Turkey
Tbh, now
So, supposedly, if you're attacked with a knife and you shoot, you're not self-defending
also portuguese deadass sounds like polish/russian
Mestan actaully asked about this in the Bulgarian parliament, and you can tell how nervous Ninova was by the way her voice was trembling:
WwwwOOOOOOOOOoOoOooooOOOOOSH
In addition human trafficking is also a huge problem in those countries, and many of those "porn stars" are actually victims of trafficking which were promised jobs as waitresses and what not, but had their documents taken away and now they can't leave
Ruse - Bucharest is an hour if there are no delays on the border
And i dont want refugees either!
there was ice-cream
He'd fit in real well with our socialist party
Great idea, I hope some of his minions are reading this thread and taking notes.
Just not as often and not as much as the people in Eastern Europe do :P
Yes, I was visiting some friends
They are extremely blunt
How can there be weather in a place that's not real?
And I agree some books require a certain age
That's another minus
> Since we know the Nazis would never go back on their word
Good
If anyone is so naive to think Russia should be trusted after this well they are lost anyways
That people like Wilders are on the rise because the EU governments didn't do their job.
If it makes you feel better, seems like May doesn't give a flying fuck about anyone in the UK.
The frying of cut potatoes was invented by the Irish
Perhaps they can afford more non-staple foods?
I don't think we have anything close to dumplings
It started as a type of peaceful protest in the 70s, ispired by the song July Morning by Uriah Heep
They would have been at least orange
Hey, sorry, couldn't find other pictures of the girl on the right in this exact dress (ran out of time), but [here's] another one of her in a different top dress that is somewhat similar
Germany's reforms have turned it from a peer of France, Italy, the UK to a peer of Denmark, Austria, Holland.
Why did you looked at her at the first place?
France, UK, Spain and so on didn't stop being European when they started colonizing the world.
What would far-left mean in terms of Spanish affairs
I would guess the latter of the two, but its rather convoluted.
Same goes for video games
I'd love for it to be vibrant and the population evenly distributed but we don't have much going on around the villages and that's that
Compare to EU yes we have to be orange or red, but compare with Europe as a continent no we are in the correct category
Oh boy, Ottoman Empire occupied Bulgaria for nearly 500 years, was separated in two after it split from it, had to get independence separately, then had two balkan wars on opposite sides and communism pretty much separated Bulgaria and Eastern bloc from the rest of the world so yeah if relations are improving, it's now
Yet again, if you look at my comments you'll notice that the only subreddits are - Europe and Bulgaria.
Now several thousand protest and government should resign
Why are so many Germans going politically to the right
People here are freaking rude man wtf
Death by
Also, no state healthcare -- it's all private health insurance.
Moscow is not anywhere near Lithuania.
I don't want their influence, I prefer being under a German foot rather than an American one
When the coup happened (personally I still think it was staged by Erdogan to clean his way to dictatorship) people were slaughtering alleged gullenists on the streets.
Your answer to this blatant, puritan censorship is....*more* censorship?
It is believed to be made to commemorate Khan Tervel;
Thankfully the Austrian president is mostly a figurehead
Also you can randomly rearrange the words in most sentences without losing any meaning
I mean, with a name like "losangelesturk" what else can he be?
Oh is that how it’s gonna be, Serb bulgarophobic rhetoric all the way in Iberia now?!
Why is it so important to you for people to want to go to the US?
>ya dingus
Otherwise we would have changed the name if we lost our identity, wtf
Of course it's not as rich as Western Europe, but you won't have to worry about "idiotic religious rules" there.
I was there 2 days ago and I love it.....and I love the coffee (especially the 40 stotinki coffee from the machines).
Now, I don't eat dairy *but* I really appreciate the yoghurt every once in a while
And I don't even think that slavic languages sound amazing.
Let's say that we are the most corrupted country in Europe
Oh well
I haven’t heard that they are starting to work on it tho
[American bbqs] vs [most bbqs I've seen in Europe]
I know about the "five tribes" reference (I'm assuming it's the five groups that left Old Great Bulgaria to start their own civilization).
Happy independence day Suomi
Fake for sure
Thessaloniki - Solun
In recent years the capital Sofia excavated and put to show in the centre its old crossroads of [Ulpia Serdica] they also have 4th century Rotunda, and some other pieces of the old town on show now
Smith)|
I am still waiting for Tsatsarov to release the evidence.
What a surprise - if they were really the mafia (as protesters claim) why dissolve such a lucrative business instead of stealing it
Altho they shouldn't be and nobody should work for free
Yes he only put his dick between her thighs and masturbated with them when she was six , she was also his best friend daughter what a good guy he was
Why am I not surprised that the Greek general wants to fuck men and have them fart on his dick
For example, all of these countries also have a lower rate of intentional homicide than the US:
The amount of French and Russian classes also increased every year and near the end, we would study French in French and Russian by mixing Bulgarian and Russian depending on what we were learning
Cwrwadgsjkfhdhf
So today I learned that having any sort of semi functioning social system means communism
>Two beautiful eyes
Ive noticed Bosniaks kinda draw their words out while Serbs just sound like Russians/Ukranians/Bulgarians
I don't know if I am allowed to post pictures here, but if you look around, it's easy to find the pictures of these guys smiling around completely unashamed over what they've done.
Middle school - You build a little bit more on the basics and teachers start to keep an eye on every student - in which subjects they are lacking and at which they are good
I mean, they think we like our communist past and believe we have shared experiences.
Some letters are placed differently on the Russian keyboard so it slows me down
Мерси :*
Incidentally the rebels which shot down the plane though that the air space had been closed - which it had been but well below the height at which airliners usually fly
German social security (like healthcare, disability checks, unemployment benefits
Rose valley in Thrace
We call that pacha in Bulgaria
Gorgeous shot, thanks for sharing =)
Right now we have an inflated police force and jobs that should need one person,done by five
With being Bulgarian becoming rarer and rarer, you'll enjoy those perks even more as time goes on
Hmm...they've kept medieval tradition.
The Parliament won't be dissolved, you see - because the people want change, so this discredited Parliament and this discredited government will discuss the project for the new Constitution by the end of their term, so we have that one in the bag now too
Haven't you heard of the Hygg ( or something like that ) trend?
it's no problem
I can guess most accents in Europe tho
And yours was a provocative question.
Also if a manufacturer lists a price as set price, rather than recommended price, you have to sell it at that price or not at all
Yeah it really sucks
Tropico 3, 4 and 5 were developed by Haemimont Games and are pretty popular
Yeah he's amazing
Sometimes I think I live in an alternative reality
But that's the best part of going there!
Salmon snake is an amazing word to have
For example "eu" is always pronounced "oi",the only exceptions are foreign words IIRC.
This doesn't apply to private schools
Don't expect to get "yes" answer in this sub.
Trump and Boris have been successful at this
I really like this [one] . I hope you like it too :) , sadly it doesnt have a national instrument involved in it
I wouldn't be able to handle it
Including Scotland, for example
All you need to know about the upcoming Bulgarian parliamentary elections - Sunday, March 26th
Nope, in fact nobody who wants to offend you will use the word clown.
For the EU to continue to exist and prosper would prove everything that they stand for wrong.
Would they still support him if there were other viable candidates?
In that sense Poland is part of it.
Also many Tzars and Khans from our history - [Tzar Simeon The Great] [Khan Asparuh] [Khan Krum] [Knyaz Boris I] [Tzar Kaloyan] and more
Not before, but we usually drink AFTER exams, mostly the major ones - 4th grade, 7th grade and 12th grade
And what on earth New Zealand got to do with r/europe?
Furthermore, we are one of the countries with the highest amounts of cigarette consumption in the entire world
Considering he'll just be in the netherlands and germany, that seems somewhat beleivable
The "sht" is written with the letter [щ] You can hear how it's said in Bulgarian in [this video] at the 00:42 mark
That is a really tough one for Russia.
50 - 70% - Serbian tends to be very slow and kind of deep, so that makes it easier to understand, though the lexical differences are solid
Theres always a fixed way to pronounce certain combinations of words.
Asparuh, Kubrat, Boris, Bayan, Izbul, Tervel, Omurtag, Altshek, Irnik, Sevar etc
1.7 and 1.6 from last year are total.
In Bulgaria - I wouldn't say so.
The most the Balkans states do to each other these days is shit-talk
When I was i Bucharest literally everybody was speaking good enough english there
I personally don't even try to think of such complicated matter which includes so much history and is not based on contemporary facts.
It seems his doing the right thing here
It was documented by both the Germans and the invading Russian and American armies
Economist agree that the reforms in Germany made sense and were needed, the effects are obvious in that Germany now has very low unemployment rate while before it was  as big as France has currently
They are people open about wanting to violate my basic human rights, such as private property, as well as use the state against me.
Personally I don't think that there will be an outright war between my country and Serbia in the near future, but we definately aren't as close to them as our other neighbours
It is not really about money as much as security.
The free tuition applies only for graduate schemes and a very limited amount of master degrees
I'm confused
We didn't normally learn much about things that didn't directly involve Bulgaria.
The people don't like it, but they are gullible and ill-informed.
If not then it's aid, just less ethical or effective as aid might be if you let Mongolia do the project itself
One said it was because sparkling water tasted fresh and still water felt stale
Same, Romanian bro
You missed the part where you change a letter in the polish alphabet and then call it "krakowian language".
People tell me i'm crzy for paying rent in Sofia when home office from a cleaner,more peaceful and cheaper place is an option
I don't just don't get how you can be driving along a gorgeous mountain road and simultaneously contribute to it being trashed
Yep, completely different from the 20th century nationhood called Slovakia.
Where did it all go so wrong
Perhaps, coming from Canada it was a shock for me that people still live in such conditions, still live in such squalor (even in Kiev) .
Nice, replacing a 500M-people market with a 4.4M one :)
Every Turk I've met hates China, because they compete in the same economic areas.
This guy is a national treasure of yours
After all, in most normal countries the dominant and preferred language language is the majority language
Can't think of any other ones
Although - very few people have guns here anyway
The spirits map is basically a Russia influence map - wherever Russians were staying longer, thus we're able to teach locals about the wonders of hard alcohol.
Its petty universally accepted as garbage.
An eye for an eye
To be fair you make a practicle statement whereas i believe the anti-tax agenda is more of a morality issue.
But dw is crying about the refugees.
We all know she's gonna live forever lmao
I'm not finding what you're saying so give a link please
Most men who can grow one, do
Brussels, Skopje and Bucharest are also up there - sorry, my fellow neighbors
I've driven in both cities and I think traffic is about the same
He was very badly poisoned so if the Russians don't kill him themselves, the poor conditions and the after effects of the poison may finish him off
English is soo good for music and has the highest information density
Sometimes I wonder if my country actually exists or is just a fever dream
Numbeo uses numbers from visitors od numbeo.com, it's completely useless
It was part of the biology classes for 8th grade (if I remember correctly), which means - 15 years old.
Officially, as we like to call Ruse "the little Vienna", it should be Johann Strauss' Vienna Waltz
Bulgaria doesn't have any dumplings
There's also the term "tsarski pishtov", literally "the tzar's gun" for when you completely switch the papers with something you've filled in beforehand
It used to be we have our first snowfall at the end of October, then nothing until Christmas, when it would start a day or two before, and we'd have snow until some time in March
Turkey: For a Muslim country you really are selling a lot of alcohol
Well
Have the Satan himself told you that?
I wish ESA was as well funded as that.
„Памопажеш пали пада пагопавопариш патапака?“ - Pacan payou paspeak palike pathis
Bulgarian one is annoying for sure
He would just help the far-right get the anti-establishment protest vote.
In Bulgarian "Po dyavolite" is exactly heck
There's a fucking guy with machine gun groping my parts every time I try to board a flight and you say we're not doing anything?
PS: Also, at the company I work, a lot of my colleagues are teachers by degree
The choice between a lesser evil and no evil must always be the no evil
With so many young people migrating west, if that isn't true, it soon will be
It's rather ironic you'd consider stopping people from coming too harsh a policy....and then advocate Stalinist "forced integration/assimilation" within our society and people relocation.
"If you don't stop regulating us, we'll
Pretty sure thats Macedonia.......
How bout no
- Sofians are on average much more liberal than the average Bulgarian
Of course no one should be blamed that this didn't happen
Not many people on the continent will feel sorry for Britain leaving the EU.
China, Iran, Syria, Libya, Sierra Leone, Lebanon, Tunisia, Kyrgyzstan, Turkey, Rwanda, Kenya, Somalia, Morocco, Egypt, Tajikistan, Turkmenistan and even god damn North Korea
So what would reprieve this specific victim?
If a government is not formed in three attempts by 3 parties, then new elections are called.
Well the gypsies are like a parasite, they don't create anything
I see beautiful nature in the picture with cascade waterfalls!
Let's stay positive
The people absorb that view from their party and they see their friends in other countries do the same.
In general slavic "gore" means up or heigh, so it makes sense it should be used for a mountain which is generally up
Well i am from phone
It's one of the rights all EU citizens have.
It will be just a second Afghanistan.
Friends and family from the "outskirts" of the city drink bottled / filtrated water
In the article they mention that you voted 29%-UK and 31%-US and this will paint a different picture.
Why would it become home for Crimean tatars?
This one about [Bulgaria] is really well made , I've watched it a couple of times and everything in it is pretty accurate
My shots of flowers and plants are actually taken while hiking.
What you just typed is complete crap.
If you're talking about a Le Pen presidency whatever subjective positives it could have are completely overshadowed by other negatives.
The Commission is the most important organ of the EU.
The real exit is actually at the end of the transition period which ends on 31
For below 300k profits the tax rate is 19% for the UK
Grammar is optional most of the time
Obviously you know something more than me.
Once people finish high school they move to Sofia and the other 2-3 big cities in Bulgaria or abroad for university/ work
Don't give a fuck dude, no intention of living there.
Firstly, if the average voter doesn't understand how the system they participate in works, the problem isn't with your average voter, but with the system you have in place
Why on earth some people look surprised of the future outcome?
You said stable in relation to the GDP fall.
Can't you just have a day to hate the worst regimes that have been created
If it is up to me, i would of kicked Britain out of the EU long time now.
British entertainment is fcking awesome and thank you God for the torrents!
If its not obvious, my opinion of libertarians is rather negative, to say the least.
I have heard a lot of people to pronounce (3) three as free, so in the shop for example you here free ot this, free of that ets
Booze and chips is college party
That's what our sense of humour is like
I watched documentary film about this
Some start in 5th grade if their elementary school didn't prepare them well for middle school
Sorry brexit boy but your dream is an illusionary one.
No one is plotting the fall of the Great Eastern European Empire.
Why are you guys so ashamed of your flag?
Either backgammon or bridge-belote
Don't know too much about female names through the ages, but I'd expect Teodora, Irina, Maria, Elena, Miroslava, Dara (more specific to the Bulgars) to be among the more popular ones
There's plenty of near empty or abandoned villages, and smaller cities/towns keep getting emptier
Cue France voting for Le Pen just to spite Holland.
God damn, whats what is wrong with people, I am getting worried that there is one in Bulgaria, I haven't came across ;/.
"Po dyavolite" specifically is an artificially created term to translate "fuck" in movies while being very mild
There are lots of other things that make 0 sence in english, but you will probably get bored if I write them
I have never even visited Breitbart, I visited Stormfront once or twice as a curiosity and if you mean "ATTACK" (a Bulgarian party of imbeciles), they're communists
The tax
And we all know that is not the way EU works.
I could not understand the other thing, why if a country leaves the Eurozone must leave the EU as well.
There are some cases, where there is no coresponding word in my language of the english one
B-b-b-bird bird bird, bird is the word
warmer weather and carpets (I guess), but it seems that the "cultural border" is very mixed and "unclear".
I don't think anyone has anything bad to say about Scotland.
Thracian Tomb of Sveshtari - Discovered in 1982 near the village of Sveshtari, this 3rd-century BC Thracian tomb reflects the fundamental structural principles of Thracian cult buildings
Yo-ho-ho!, Lets sail the high seas, one-eyed matey!
*And they get married
I've met foreigners with the *slightest* accents and excellent grammar, to the point I didn't even know they aren't native speakers, I just thought they were from different parts of the country
Its a huge span of time in which you can have insane global changes.
I appreciate your offer regarding financial issues but i am not a numbers guy.
This is true but that doesnt mean we shouldnt invest in alternate sources.
The trains are old and very slow, but the prices are very low, even by our standards
You'll always be Hrvatska to any Slavic-speaking nations at least
No matter how much maps and stats you put on this sub, people will still think that Russia can invade and conquer Europe.
Sorry haters, Russia has survived sanctions.
And what does gender or orientation have to do with it - my version of rights bestows these onto every human, regardless of these.
> 90% of the material is useless filler from communist times
If i have to bet my money - Denmark.
That is up to the USB-IF to decide
Just one side is losing real badly.
Can someone be against immigration and not be an SD supporter, or does it have to be an equation?
Portugal is at the bottom 3 fertility rates in Europe, lower than all of central/western Europe.
"26 million superpower"- like Benelux?
The state is putting a price ceiling on most things tho, so there are no absurdly expensive procedures like in the US
The analogy is wrong, the US and Britain didn't support two opposing forces in any of these conflicts.
I have the feeling polls are about to be "wrong" again.
The lands of modern day FYROM were known as Paeonia and were neither where Alexander and Phillip lived/born, or at all where their kingdom and people resided.
It is not a common thing to assume that people eat dogs in Serbia
In Varna we have remains of some pretty [huge Roman Baths] (7,000 m2 - claimed to befourh largest preserved in Europe)
It saved them from a genocidal Nazi regime.
Tripe soup is magical but the smell is what *really* cures the hangover
Khan Tervel: The king of the first Bulgarian empire, made peace with the roman empire and helped them defeat the arabs who were going up take Constantinople
We call it "duck language", and we add "па" (pá) to every syllable, in the beginning, I think
When men do it is just a guy getting angry and entitled for no reason but it isn't turned into a whole *thing*.
Was everywhere in 2018
Yet you fail to provide an argument to backup your claim
The United States derives enormous soft power and economic and political benefits from its alliance with Europe.
Source: have studied international relations and have had classes on division of power, state structure and functions and e.t.c.
I think, at least for me it's FYROM - it's a very difficult talk and we are trying to build again a strong relationship but also I have been to the country and I saw and heard what are they thinking of us truly
As far as I know, we're (ethnic Bulgarians) kinda cool and hard working people.
Was watching an interview, some time ago, a Dutch explained to a journalist why he bought a house in the woods.
I, and everyone I've asked about this here prefer summer time
A literal translation could be "mute
Freedom house considers the rise of nationalism and denying refugees into your country as a threat to freedom.
The last census was in 2011 iirc
A male form for the moon exists which is also the word for “month”.
Yep, the EU has been calling for a specific reform since 2009 - make the Prosecutor General accountable and take away his ability to stop investigations by his subordinates
He does actually refer to them as the "interest rate lobby".
Hopefully you Czechs and Slovaks don't have ill feelings lingering towards us
It isn't if you have certain views.
I've only met Indians just once, medical students studying here, and as far as I know they had no problems during their stay.
Sounding like a native Bulgarian speaker, when considering only the sounds of the language and the pronunciation, is perfectly doable and I have seen many foreigners do it
Also Northern Dobruja from Romania
I guess our brother Romanians are ruling here
Glad you like the city tho :)
I think I understand the word
Those are the meanings of the axis.
Come on, artist ladies of r/Bulgaria
[another favorite]
I've actually had positive experiences with Americans and there was only one case of a very annoying guy, who, after the landing of the plane, stated screaming "Hallelujah" and "Thank the Almighty God" and then wanted that everybody sing with him some sort of gospel song
A house on lake Blyad lol
Though we are on our way to slowly ridding the government from these scum, we only need a strong and capable leader to take up the job and fasten the process
It's already clear, NATO is a defensive alliance
We say 'in the ass of geography'
What happen if/when Trump lifts American sanctions on Russia?
I mean, there is no doubt the Mongols were extremely brutal conquerors but there is no need to exaggerate and turn them into basically demons in human form who wanted nothing but to kill everyone they met
How does spitting on the pavement ruin it?
the west might be covertly involved as well
Historic Greek Church in Istanbul to undergo restoration
Not even sure with Bulgaria's military history what atrocity I'm gonna learn about next
Nope
But let's look at Turkey, similar in development and probably more diverse in exports - their currency has plunged 50% in a year, and the worst is still (probably) yet to come
Darker hair and eyes are definitely more common but you'll find plenty blonde, blue eyed people, and varying skin tones
Western Europeans: Win war, leave the victims to be de facto conquered by a genocidal maniac
I have said it when the demolition of the 1300 years Bulgaria memorial started - the place of the Soviet "Liberators" Army monument is in the Totalitarian Art Museum in Darvenitsa, 1300 years Bulgaria [should have been restored] and slightly modernised and the Memorial of First and Sixth Infantry Regiments should be in the Knyazheska gradina at the place of the Soviet soldier
I always try to make people feel not like shit, so even when I get asked about my opinion or if I see something wrong, most times I will lie and say it's ok or just won't say anything (not with close friends of course)
We still have to make sure this doesn't pass in September
Unfortunately it turned out the vote worsened the situation.
It seems that it's not a matter of free university or giving you a social net that helps escape poverty
I didn't say all Italians are Roman descendants, I said that the Roman descendants are Italians
Yes, it's a real village: [map]
Fun fact, in Bulgaria we even call Christmas “Koleda”.
The state could offer a sum of money to any company that finds a vaccine for the coronavirus, this way there for sure are going to be companies willing to develop a vaccine because of the reward and the competitiveness of the market would still be there, so costs would be low
They also have a funny accent and drive VW Golf 3
Wait, did you not study Geography
This idea has always been very very weird to me
I have been to Greece many times and has big differences than the rest of neighbours like NM, Serbia even Romania
What about [the 1 lev note]
My country
But they are obliged to do something in case a NATO member is attacked
What are bad relations supposed to look like
I was asking about [King's Coup] actually.
Well we pretty much have the same conservative/commie split around here.
Where you come from is not a criteria
And depriving them of the original experience
Though [this smaller portrait] is the one most used and reproduced, you'd see it anywhere in Bulgaria, so I guess it's the most iconic one
Lack of critical thinking and the influence of crappy media.
Trump has said he wants he wants to "rebuild the military" so Americans definitely won't be saving any dollars there.
[St
|Economy|University of National and World Economy|
"No I will not" or just some random sentence for greeting someone
Just because you'v imagined a perfect system in your head that is both democratic and not "mob rule" doesn't mean this is democracy.
And to be fair, European cities have gathered multi cultural neighborhoods for years, like the Turks working in Germany for decades.
This is because the incumbent, who many agree is the best president we've had so far, decided no to run due to personal issues.
Как изобщо?
) right wing populists
And they are pest to the EU too.
Immigration being a factor that was always present in European history is a different thing from claiming it was the "way we built our nations" - which i understand from him meaning the factor that actually helped those nations built up their wealth and societies.
Every summer I wonder how is Spain possible
But that might be the case only here, I don't know
So being proud of their "whiteness" comes off as racism, instead of being proud of whatever their actual origins are - german, irish, polish, italian
It is known that they originated from India, and they do look like Indians to us, so it makes sense to call them Indian.
If there was a reasonable compromise, the history of the Balkans in the 20th century would have been much different
High school - Students go to special classes tailored for their particular skills and start preparing for the university
This is why Britain voted out really - their politicians take credit for all the positives while projecting their screw ups on the EU
This
Northwestern Bulgaria (Vidin, Montana, Vratsa, Pleven) and the Kardzhali region
It doesn’t sound weird to me because in Bulgarian it’s always been Чехия (Chehia)
BRUH
Its seen as normal
This is not what attracts innovative and creative businesses.
So Muslims can't draw the Prophet or God but the Devil is fair game
Do you approve of these monuments or disapprove and what are their current status in your countries
I participated in protests and later revolts ( street blockades ) in Bulgaria winter 1996-1997.
More than 90% were Bulgarians, unrelated in any way to Romania, I believe.
Unlike the "right" to violate people's fundamental human rights such as private property, which everyone on the left - from Social democrats to Socialists and Marxists, espouse to do.
I mean given how fast Bulgaria and Romania got out of the post commie hole after joining the EU it might be mutually beneficial
[Krisko feat
Without having read the book in question, sounds like the author had an idea in mind and looked for ways to "prove" it, rather than honestly search for the truth
No, the reason people do not live in cities is because of price
This sounded like great news until I remembered we're leaving the EU
Could it also be related to the fact that men in 18-21 range are conscripted for military service?
And a very deciding factor of your pronounciation will be your native language and your ability to distance yourself from your native pronounciation - I find that this is where accents come from
From my point of view the Catalans are evil !
That's a normal, secular European country with a rich history and a lot of cool places to visit.
Much blood was shed throughout history.
Oh no
This was step 1
Bad for them and their future generations.
0000001 because I'm moving to Spain then
Before Coca Cola and Pepsi became ubiquitous and before new brands of drinks were established, the main flavours of drinks were lemonade, blueberry and etar
Meh, Sofia should be yellow maybe
But yeah pretty much correct
It's just as ignorant as americans saying they invented pizza
Czechoslovakia deserved better than being invaded by its supposed allies
Pros: Beautiful nature
Not very bad (someone has asked me this before)
A lot
Which city in the Balkans do you consider as the most important and why
Doctor in an ambulance in Bulgaria - around 650 euros a month.
You can't compare his popularity with electoral vote results, and you can't make any implications from the popular vote results.
Maybe a page of the history book and 10 minutes of a lesson would be dedicated to it
You seem to have run out of ways to try and discredit what I originally wrote so now just throw random facts around that I have no trouble with.
Even today it does so for most societies who are not multi-racial, let alone for back then.
You had to name it Bambino :D
The only way i see radev not winning the 2nd tour is if voter activity is low due to no referendum.
When we had IT at school we just played ConQUIZtador - which was actually very educational
Are black or green olives more popular in your country
Bulgaria
You can't read the date on the map or you don't know when your own land was conquered?
As of now, no EU country is thinking of jeopardizing that.
They are important, but they are not suited for all ages
I'd personally struggle with Russian as the grammar is way different, but some people understand it quite a bit
Roses with a hint of дюнерче.
>(2) The entire power of the State shall derive from the people
I once got diablo 2 in only French
Of course, you cant just leave the nursing home with no care at all and you have to hire extra staff...
A 80 kmh/crash in a 15 year old car and the same crash in a 5 year old car can have different outcomes.
Regardless of what you do with it.
So for example "all" in his speech would be spelled as "'сичко", instead of "всичко".
Stay away from the cycling lanes, if you go *anywhere in Europe*  (unless you are riding a bike)
Can you PM me if you ever think of moving to Bulgaria so I can move out
GERB - center right populists, ruling in the last 11 years, during which country fell to worst ratings for corruption and press freedom, economic growth mostly halted
If you're looking for alternatives to Sofia I'd advise veliko turnovo and plovdiv
btw also was surprised by how often I've heard Bulgarian as well
From my experience from talking with women in several countries in Europe (Portugal, Spain, Latvia, UK, Bulgaria) there are two views.
As a Bulgarian layman I always considered Germany and Switzerland Western Europe, Croatia Southern Europe, Poland Eastern Europe and the Baltics Northern Europe
Yes
Dude, the article is in Finnish.
Nationalism is also about wanting your own people living, thriving and being in charge of your country.
We live in an area that typically has very good air quality but on days when an "inversion" happens and there's no wind, its like looking out into a wall of smog with almost 0 visibility
Do you have any source for this?
The news now is that the mosaic is finally being unearthed
Why am I asking that
Huhh, what's that supposed to mean.
in my town theres this guy with an ultra strong subwoofer and you can feel his presence from a mile away even if you cant hear the song
" would have been worse
Edit: some grammar and wording
Maybe i used inappropriate term.
This is an awesome idea :) I would even raise to 5000 EUR.
It's not very popular, but as far as I know, it's unique for Bulgaria
How increadinly revisionist and tolerant of you.
I bet you that once his term is over, Trump towers will start popping up all over Russia.
And btw a biologist in Spain doesn't earn 1,800 euros, from what i can find online its 3,000 euros minimum
I'm curious, does Carl Zeiss make any products for B2C or only industrial products
And I admit, the ice cream (specifically Ben and Jerry's) is amazing
Wilders' party is only the second largest.
Are you really suggesting that nations half a globe away can be closer culturally than neighbouring nations?
Apparently we're the vast minority here, but we don't. I remember we had something like that in kindergarten and maybe some classes in history where we've discussed some religion, but outside the very few religious schools - no, no religion classes in public schools
What are 5 interesting things about your countries
Other than that in the southwest province of Blagoevgrad there's a NMacedonian 'party' which makes a fuss about secession every now and again, but their number is a few hundred which compared to the 320 000 living in the province is nothing
4 hours in school and you're gone
If your currency is cheap that boosts the export and lowers import, if you implemented protectionism for your economy and set up high custom fees and big taxes on imported goods, the rest of your trade partners will reply with the same actions, hence the advantage of having relatively cheap currency is gone.
One of the best subbredits
France has pledged to invest almost a billion euros into higher education over the next five years
yikes
How do you dismiss law that you do not like in your current government?
Axis 2 Electric boogaloo
Yeah it's kinda sad
Hence, by your own logic - being unable to practically defend yourself should someone in another country decide to obliterate you, you don't have the moral right to exist as a state.
Besides thats its all good ( to all bulgarians seeing this please dont scold me if i told anything wrong lol im not in track with what happened to the kid)
It's a miracle someone so mediocre is so successful.
Considering not much ancient architecture survived, but modern one is either nice small scale, derivative middle or fugly-Communist big-scale, my best guesses are some of the old-but-not-ancient architecture examples:
You will not scare Russians with difficult life, because that is the only life they've ever known.
RO are more like *former slavs*.
it's pretty simple actually but I dont expect much from you.
It's a complicated relationship :)
Soon I might not be able to say that I am pro-EU at all, not that it matters.
Why Charlie Hedbo can post highly offensive cartoons of Catholics, Orthodox, Protestants, Jews, Buddhists and others for decades....but gets massacred when does it to Muslims?
Reminds of me this gem: "A German court has ruled against deportation of refugees to Bulgaria if they had been registered there first upon entering the European Union because Bulgaria wasn’t a safe country of origin
I like how they believe such a poll could be real AND they mistook seats for percentages.
I thought the picture was perfect and then I saw the cat and that made it even better
They should activate A50 ASAP and to get done with all that Briquit thing.
Reforming the bac will do much more than simply lowering the grades for entry
AFAIK article 11 prevents people from showing thumbnails and snippets of news articles, like facebook and google do, but the hyperlinks themselves are fine
Can't wait to see what will the Balkans look like
That's a figure of speech
If you think someone on the street should start talking english just because you ask, you are a moron.
Diminutive names: Petko/Petka, Stefko/Stefka, Penko/Penka, etc, are super popular amongst older people
I've been reading the final nail in Turkey's EU ambitions for more than a decade now.
It is because until this directive started to be drafted Apple was using it's own shit so they can sell you a dongle
This is NOT the way
What do I have to do to earn this much in Finland
Splitting it up peacefully will be great achievement.
The same
I’ve been asked what race I was once, by an American
>Gotse Delchev
A lot of people in the Balkans don't like Turkey because of the 500 years of Ottoman occupation.
But sometimes my mouth doesn't obey me when I'm speaking too fast and I say "world" instead of "word" and vice versa
You don't seem to get basic concepts like me asking you to show me when have people "ever" criticized the nazis being a way to explain to you how ridiculous you asking me to show when people criticize colonialism is.
7 percentage points
Are you high or something mate?
Реално на испански е Sofía, даже така си го пишат, с акцента, защото иначе ще се произнася Sófia, голям сакън
That is your subjective, personal opinion from the point of view of someone who isn't in that situation.
Somehow got back and did everything all over and after Waterloo was sent to some island in the Pacific and died
I'm not talking about destroying the entire thing and neither is Macron
Lol, "CIA Factbook" is notoriously out of date and inaccurate, because it doesn't have its own sources - it uses government stats from respective countries.
Basically you're in the same situation as the US right now
Members of the KKK went into German churches and forced the priests to use English instead of German.
That's precisely what the guy above meant.
Would be a lot more convincing if you weren't ethnically cleansing Kurds and replacing them with Turkish allies
You can translate some words like "voevoda" to "chieftain" but you do lose something along the way of translation
I am waiting for this pandemic to finish to make my bucketlist and ride an ICE from Berlin to Frankfurt
Definately Serbia
The rest of Canada does not have any distinct cultural traits and as such it is much easier to integrate into, since you just bring your own culture in another country.
And what does that have to do with the crisis anyway?
Literally - again the danm Ls , from my mouth it sound closer to  Litri , Litrali,  something along those lines
Actually it's not
We are currently on our 4th Constitution:
In spite of the pandemic
I get what you're referring to but I see a horde of zombies with that light and postures
For long distances i take a bus.
And if you didn't repay the sum you friend  got your car as collateral
Too Balkan for you , westerners
All hail supreme leaders Putin and Erdogan and their divine alliance!
That doesn't relate to what I said?
And they turn out to be cousins lol
First step towards no more energy dependence on Russia.
Every white person in america can tell you exactly what kind of european descendant they are
If the owner of the multi million dollar luxury yacht "Erica" choose to moor her there it's got to be good
But do you have any real problems in Romania?
There are many Bulgarians that dislike our beaches and they like to go to Greece, Turkey some to Romania I have heard
It all started when Bulgarian woman, living in Norway, got her kids taken away and turned into a massive conspiracy theory that the "eurogay" union/the liberal west is plotting to teach Bulgarian kids to be gay and steal them in order to give them to black gay couples
Actually, very few like the party as of now.
It is because Bulgarians do not unite.
But the lack of funding for highly specialised procedures usually means, people suffering from rare conditions have to go and receive treatment abroad - usually Germany or Israel
Croats and Muslims will have to decide how they gonna split the rest.
good thing my father is in the other half of the continent and in the opposite direction
Potato
I mainly use potato for fries so if potatoes disappeared I'd just improvise with other vegetables and hide any weird flavours with mayo
Edit: oh wait you said job market
It tends to be very 'fluffy', like American bread, at least from supermarkets
In most of London, water is really hard (as in, has a lot of mineral content).
What i described to you are people in this country who quite literary die every winter of cold or/and starvation.
[39% support equal gay rights, 93% of parents will be outraged if their child has a same sex partner]
We call the UK "Angliya" ("England")
Yes, we have [bgmaps] картата в BG Maps:"
Meanwhile, their northern neighbour Bulgaria fucked off all the way to the right
We drank on the day for contemplation, we drank on election day while the voting sections were open and while people were voting.
Either that or they are lying and I would rather not think about it that way.
In my opinion the current construction of Bosnia is unstable and nothing more than a keg of powder.
1% in 2011
Don't mind me, I am just here before the annexation
I read what you wrote, that most greek media outlets have english versions.
Never would have thought it would be a slur in Russian
I don't ever again want to hear aggression and pre-emptive strikes are "*never justified*"!
People drawing graffiti everywhere, even monuments
Amongst languages I don't speak, I'd say Scottish Gaelic, Italian, Turkish
Russian propaga on the medias, Russia buying political parties and politicians for spreading even more propaganda.
I wouldn't describe Aus, NZ, USA or Canada ( excluding Quebec ) as European of any sort.
Good news for EU's trade policy.
You mean like the one in the post to which I linked those?
Because Turkish society wants visa free travel in the EU.
* *sour green;*
Because of the shit way people still measure it.
Honestly, all of the iconic ones I can think of right now are staged portraits
I like mine though, it's not typical Russian accent, usually people think that I'm somewhere from northern/central Europe
Even a potential future war to liberate the north is better than that.
That is the difference between majority of Britons and people on the continent.
Yes, alright, so it's primarily defensive
Usually I too hate seeing the same joke on Reddit but
When the Russians took Dobruja from US and gave it to the Romanians in exchange for Bessarabia
Basil II the Bulgarslayer is the most obvious example I can think of
Packages here must be delivered and signed off
Catalonia would flat out be refused by Spain
It is disrespectful to those who were killed and to those whose family members were killed
Alexander, Ferdinand, Boris, Simeon, only considering more recent history
Its a part of the odd number of lenten dishes we eat during dinner that day.
Yes but you'd do it angrily
EU with more cooperation with SEA/East Asia and the latin american countries is the thing we need.
The thought process was - homosexuality was a crime that happened in  the capitalist burgueouase and in the glorious Communist state it doesn't happen, so it shouldn't be punished
So you can add the Thrace-born Roman emperor Galerius and Odrysian king Teres
What are bad relations supposed to look like
I think it should mean something like "a good feeling". You know, like being happy and lucky at the same time
We also had talked about the Persians but I don't remember when we studied them
Most things in the service industry, from food to movie tickets
By your logic I'm also entitled to a hotel as a fundamental right as well as an Xbox since well, I worked for 40 hours a week and rich people can afford it too
There is an option in taking pictures one after another and phone mixed all that into one photo, it is called - smart sequence.
They go (on theory) alone to the dark room and with pen choose the number they want as they write X in the square with the number.
We were late to the party and we started with ADSLs and optics from the start :) Germany as an early adopter had an inherited infrastructure
Recently elected pro-Russian president was nominated by the BSP (unofficially).
Assassin's Creed Liberation and Rogue were developed by Ubisoft Sofia
We're heading out to the "Irish" pub in Nessebar to drink Guinness from cans!!!!!!!!!
Bear in mind, I am no delusional revolutionary who just wants to tear down systems and revel in the ensuing chaos
I don't think that nominal GDP fully captures that either.
I am saying your comment does not seem to be related to the current post, which does not show a negative statistic of Greece and Croatia.
Some forest fires, some floods, some earthquakes.
Now what i see as the main concern is the fact that 2nd generation muslims in Europe in fact accept that dangerous trend and the current wave may make that matter even worse.
Not a Bulgarian city
I believe nobody in his right mind will want a nasty and messy divorce even for one reason - Britain is not a large ship which can simply sail away and anchor near...Florida.
It’s now a highlight of my weekend when I call people to catch up
Свещената римска империя. The literal translation of Holy Roman Empire
I'm not finding what you're saying so give a link please
Their beliefs are a bit weirder
Careful now, soon they will be claiming Vlad the Impaler was Moldovan all along.
Setiha se nai setne
The more this drags on the more likely it is that the current status quo will turn into a permament solution.
What's the main ethnicity of New Caledonia in general and Noumea in instance?
Weeeell
We have the best roads and the best cars in Europe
Colonisers took that from them and for centuries they were nameless slaves
Bulgaria Staunchly against Two-Tier Mode of Europe - Deputy PM
The only sane option if you ask me.
But I understand them all seperately
Criminal Code, Article 159:
When I'm at home , I lock it before I go to bed,  otherwise its aways unlocked when I'm inside
Another section of Bulgarians can't pronounce w at ALL, so it gets replaced with u. So it's uindou (window), uash (wash), uear (wear), etc
Russia is a former Empire and still looks like it has all attributes of an...Empire.
I was once told "Huh, I've never seen a bulgarian who can speak English
I have never ever witnessed such conversation, but I doubt people would be against it
Provided they are maintained well, they offer cheap and efficient housing.
I have great-grandparents that took part in both Balkan wars and the first World War (not sure about the Second)
I don't enjoy seeing dudes spreading lies while these regimes slaughtered millions in brutal ways, ways we don't kill animals now
I'm just glad my homeland isn't as likeminded as you.
Googled images are not recommended as well as digitally enhanced pictures.
The USSR agreed to supply the Nazis with vital materials and divide Eastern Europe between the two of them
The dollar is a significant portion of those reserves.
Mussolini politicized something normal and brought it to the extreme
Real recognizes real and all that
Happy achievement
Oh no anything but that
Saying I'm equating women to handicapped people
I didn't copy my arguments it's simply want is needed and it definitely has not been implemented since 2007 as you assert
That position is one based in historic fact; the fact that one filthy regime decided to politicize it is irrelevant
I guess I noticed an "issue" before looking for one
Maybe 50-ish years later, this guy is old and widowed, at a mineral bath for back pain relief and relaxation
During the second semester we studied Ancient Thrace/Dacia, Ancient Greece (or well, the Minoans, Ionians, then followed by the various Greek city-states such as Sparta or Athena), Macedonia under Alexander the Okay and its fall, and Ancient Rome and its fall
Not really, the distinctions is that some nations are created by exterior forces.
Bulgaria’s election is unlikely to do much to clean up corruption
They didn't experience a single quarter of negative growth.
It is completely different from other varieties of yoghurt I've eaten abroad and has a sacred place in my heart
We were easily fooled under the flag of 'Slav brotherhood'...
Moon - Луна - Luna (feminine)
You are very much right that homophobes who harm others are horrible people.
You can also bet that they won't be taking the trip again after that.
Seriously, we're talking about politics, obviously it has to do with what the people want, how they see their life and what their values are
During this period authors like Ivan Vazov take up the task to recreate and modernize Bulgarian literature, grammar and spelling
Fuck that lad it was the funniest shit)
When I was a kid literally everyone used to walk to and back from school, usually in small groups of 4-5 kids who all lived in the same neighbourhood or area of the city
I hope that this post will be taken as humorous and not insulting
Terrorists, but they don't concern me.
When your government is literally riddled with mafia members and acquaintances of the old dictator you might find that actually getting a functional country comes first
I've heard almost every kind of relative call a kid affectionately by their own
Honestly idk what you are trying to say/prove and why you even started this stupid conversation
Or may be they consider they've fallen down from Mars :D
He seems to have done an ok but not exceptional job, what would you say was bad about his rulings
Couldn't care less
:D (No offence meant, Romania...
I may or may not want to share some embarrassing moments from diplomatic meetings caught on TV
But damn, banning an entire academic field
Many people have “gardens” (Americans would call these farms since they’re not small) that yield lots of produce for the whole family
Oh yes, X is a-ok because we have Y and Z.
I don’t think it’s rude - talking about income allows people to measure one another
I also feel even more connected because of some things and factors to the other Balkan nations - we have the specific Balkan mentality and culture, and I do feel connected about other things to the ex-communist countries - because of the mutual suffering and problems we've had and the hardships we're all going through even today.
For 12th grade some people start to prepare 2-3 years before them, at least if you wanna go to medical university
I am surprised that Italy and The Netherlands have almost equal trade surpluses, while the population of The Netherlands is like three times smaller!
) But their drill srgt (or commanding officer, not sure which exactly in our case) took the guy's set eventually
It doesn't hurt that that they are fighting "real" terrorist organisation.
Star Wars is really mainstream though - all of my family members have watched it, even my grandparents.
I think I've seen ONE like that in my life, and I'm 32 years old
As Britain is heading for hard Briquit with harsh custom tariffs and taxation on imported goods, that will effect small Gibraltar in different way than Britain proper.
>Most of it is pure nationalism (Botev) and only alienates young people because these values don't work in a modern context and can be downright dangerous
Asian
No, you are cringy
Turkish people, at least from the regions I have been in, are very cordial and nice
Naw, in my end of the country it's a substitute for "Hi" :D
The hundreds have a unique name - “сто” (sto)
Poor Greece has moved way up north and took the place of Norway.
Oh wait points are now macedonian also
And the way it ever so slightly melts on the warm potato...
This is the best image I could find which in my mind shows the real view
Move to Eastern Europe, then you'll find out how hard is to be an immigrant :P
I'm so jelly
The truth is that he did it on purpose, because he knows his fellow asocial countrymen would love it
Isn't 90% of the Balkan range in Bulgaria
If one has to tolerate the monuments of criminal and dehumanizing regimes like the communist one, why not do the same for the Nazi monuments
It's probably not the most famous in Bulgaria but it's definitely at the top
Their language's vocabulary and grammar are both very different from any Indo-European language so practically any foreign language will be hard to learn
They are socialists but I have a great respect for them.
Mmm, Germans, French, Italians, Spanish, etc
If the country destabilises it would be easy for Russia to swoop in and turn it into another Ukraine.
A moratorium on executing death penalties was introduced when the comunist regime collapsed but the actual Penal Code texts, perscribing the death penalty, were completely redacted to drop it, on 10^(th) of December 1998
All their islands are not part of Balkan Peninsula but yeah I understand your point
I looked it up and we are both correct.
I bet your halloween costume would have been quite different if you had googled it in [Bulgarian] instead :D
I hate it, but I am polite enough to answer.
It has to do with the fact one proves his opponent "knows shit" about this or that.
за плачене навън шумно?
FREUDE
Isn't 90% of the Balkan range in Bulgaria
Trump is literally Hitler Mussolini Bad guy racist man and he's going to endanger democracy, it doesn't matter that he got elected democratically and there are protests which have a primary goal of endangering democracy by deposing him
To me it shows he's ready to put the interests of the EU above his nation's interests.
Very accurate
" - sitting on the floor in a lotus position
*generic 0x0 still equals 0 joke*
They spent 0.25% of GDP while EU's best, France, spent 0.10%.
And then to top it off, we see refugees on TV demanding to be given at least 500 euros a month, while my grandparents that have worked and paid taxes all their lives get a pension that is less than 100 euros a month, and thousands more work for the minimum wage of 210 euros monthly.
The only guys I have heard who speak basically like natives are Macedonians, they basically have to change their accents
The thing that I hate about how I speak is that I make typical Russian mistakes - for example, I still mix up a/the a lot
One of my favorite things to eat is pasta with butter and feta (but the Bulgarian version that is very tangy)
These are liberal ideas in the sense that they will free up the markets so that efficiency can be made
Nope, Turks in Bulgaria live a great and free life.
The type of ground coffee you need for that might be different than for other stuff.
I wondered why don't all the migrants just take a plane, legally, with their international passports, visas and other documents, and land wherever they want - in Germany, France, the UK and so on...
The moment someone starts talking about cultural appropriation you need to leave the room and never talk to that moron again.
He was a major figure in Bulgarian history which should not be ignored
Ah yes, the age-old "Those dirty refugees are going to rape and abuse our women" despite the fact locals are fucking professionals at it, and no one bats an eyelash
What I didn't know prior was that every national contestant is to go to a summer camp with volunteers, where we will basically have fun for free
Thank you
I have been to the one in Reims and it is a great place I recommend it as well
It's a great photo, maybe a bit overdramatised though
Same here
Brexit is not a topic in the news in any European country.
Obviously the weirdos who believe the conspiracy theories aren't fond of them very much, but there are no negative opinions in general
I do not know what is actually true and cannot form an opinion at the moment
The person driving safest would be the one most afraid about their well being and dying
France needs a progressive corporate tax system like the UK
Simeon I held the title "Emperor and Autocrat of all Bulgarians and Romans" and we used to claim that Tarnovo was the third Rome
The war began as an attempt to oust Assad, so the key sides in the war are the regime and the rebels that oppose it.
It has more to do with communism (which is as far away from nationalism as you can get)
This guy is so retarded I'm ashamed that he's Slavic
Declaration and frontier pact is a little difference than alliance
Happy birthday to our best neighbor!
Controversial person named Stefan Stambolov who did some shady and almost dictatorial-like shit in the late 19th century
And you can not do anything but burn to Hell.
Otherwise there's vitosha if you're into hiking
Does it really matter
What you associate with a term is irrelevant to its objective meaning.
China is the last country to be transparent with something
Counter his statement with specific arguments if you disagree, don't just smugly claim to possess a deeper knowledge on a subject without showing it.
But I honestly like that, I wouldn't want it to be like with high schools, where people obsess over getting into "elite schools"
Oh, this, absolutely this
Ah, a fellow WoW player, good to see a frien
KGB only teaches you how to torture people
tradition
Seems highly unlikely, given western european history.
Doesn't matter where you are, the price of your box of smokes is the same in every store, even if everything else costs triple
Athens
I too believe that this is the closest one you can get in Europe.
I don't think we have people who speak pure Serbian as their first language, however, we have a bunch of areas in the west with the [Torlakian] dialect, which is between Serbian and Bulgarian.
In fact it seems a lot of people in France like to vote to the right side of spectrum
I know I certainly won't deny the chance to live in London.
hahahaha
I've never heard of such a thing.
My country and continent have got enough as it is
Agriculture subsidies...we receive very little of the EU.
Well nope, you can buy boats and send them back.
I was touth about North and South America,  Australia and Oceania
Imperial twats lol
How do the Turkish people tolerate this clown?
We weren't really a dictatorship until 1934 when Zveno couped the government
I made a decent number of large comments in /r/bulgaria on the subject in the past week.
I just can't understand it
Those aren't "British" funds, the moment they give them to the EU, they're EU funds
It's not a universally good thing, it can be bad for some people, but it is without a doubt a million times better and more beneficial than the 'drugs' we are consuming constantly anyway
Is there a chance for change in powers if there are new parlamentary votes
Other than the name, modern day Bulgarians have nothing to do with them.
But unfortunately, some of your countrymen seem to think these things are "communist".
At the very least it seems others weren't forced
I love it
It was only natural for Eastern Europeans to seek to get away from that kind of system, and get the appropriate safeguars so that it would never happen again.
I don't live in the UK but I order stuff from there through a third party shipping company because it's cheaper than a courrier like DHL
And what is more, stopping Turkey's accession is completely the opposite of punishing 80million people, it is protecting 80million people.
This thing is very "modern " in the Balkans and in Eastern Europe . It's absolutely disgusting
Agreed
Populism often mistaken for the will of the people is proposing simple ad hoc solution to complex problems that do not in fact take the bigger picture in to accord or even base their finding in studies
You'll see these idiots putting pictures of levski and botev all over the place without even knowing they were socialists wanting to create a Republic
If we work together, we are quite a lot stronger
What
Suma sumarum: We have fantastic food, so please visit/invest to help our weak economy :(
There's quite a few of them in Germany.
I knew it
Every time I see the fort I have an internal battle not to shout "THE BEACONS ARE LIT!
Traditions can be beautiful if you ignore the obvious problem of penis shrinkage.
Up until 11th grade, we would study History, Biology and Geography in French
Giorgiu
In Czechia they are in the process of removing some of them now
From a personal experience: Pleven (I have bad memories from there)
Turkey, Ukraine lift passport requirement in visits to boost tourism
Your contacts are also given to foundations and social groups, dealing with HIV+ people, that provide psychological help to deal with the shock and fear
Would be glad if we build stronger protections on how our data is harvested and used against us as it can happen in more countries without definite action
But a train from Greece to Hungary, Hungary to France or Romania to Czechia will allow thousands to travel faster
They are not left values, they are left and right, American values.
It was a quince tree a few years ago in April, I think.
So amazing i didn't know that
They are good at mechanical engineering and pharmacy as well.
> But it's still not the EUs faut
I mean
Can you comment on why Turkey would send non-ethnic Turks as settlers to Cyprus?
The country is on its way to elect a Russian stooge as the president.
This new party was created by the former chairman of an older Turkish party [DPS] He was removed quite dramatically and at the time he even took temporary shelter in the Turkish embassy because he feared for his life.
I don't understand comments like this
Hi, thank you for your contribution, but this submission has been removed because it is not on-topic for this subreddit.
Abstained: Barekov, Kovatchev, Maydell, Novakov, Urutchev
In Bulgaria we just call it 'folk' or 'chalga.' Interesting that you guys call it turbofolk!
Some think the arches of the bridge are the hornes and the eyes and the yelow rocks the the nose (or beak)
Impossible, both grammar and pronunciation
Ok fair point, in my language the word that translates as 'brag' doesn't mean that what one claims about himself is not true, if that's the case with English, I should have used another word
I do not remember how much i paid for the Acer, it was years ago.
A brit talking about colonial atrocities.
Bulgarian
Idiot Turks voted him in
He left once during protests and the reason was high electricity prices, later turning political
Therapy is covered by the state
We (Bulgaria) have the exact same pronunciation for all of those too!
Do the they have marry the raped- get out of jail free policy.
People still buy bottled water or fill up on mineral water at some springs because of the taste though
edit: Actually the biggest crowd favorite here:
In the US the most popular known version is the Greek one for sure
Since when does Russia respect international law?
I also have a distinct memory of seeing burning skyscrapers on the news.
Looks like it's coming along great
It would, but I think if I wrote that not many people would get the joke, Russians have the same word btw though I misspelt it, it's камрад.
As opposed to numerous extremely relaxed parents of people i know who spoiled them and created arrogant, entitled brats.
Yes
Try knowing Bulgarian and listening to our politicians
I want other people to be able to read and understand the code too
However there are some shows/movies that i think are better with the Bulgarian dub, as it is very well done and it's actually funnier - Allo Allo and Ice Age for example.
I know it's bad, but it really was my first reaction
Given what happened to Romanians and Italians on the Eastern front I don't think he would have survived
Hooooly shit
But geographically both countries have a proportion of their land in balkans
This is just abuse of power
One of our politicians went to a meeting with Trump carrying a [Billa bag] Since then the Billa bag incident has turned into a cult for the aesthetic people, such as this [lady]
All professions the state doesn't need and for whom there's little work
Netherlands where I reside
No wonder people go to better countries later on in their life
All members need to agree to someone joining, and you can see that Spain won't be best pals with Catalonia and they would most likely say no
The problem comes from people who use only stereotypes and call themselves certain ethnicity without knowing anything about it.
Don't forget western banks and other financial institutions as well.
It's completely contradictory makes the whole thing pointless
Respect
We were Christians long before this stupid pope forbid banishing my wife!
Will explain to american clown how to find local european subs.
Mind sourcing that
You are trying to trick me out :P
Pretty much every bbq here is more of a *grill* than a bbq
Many children grow with the knowledge they are just as much EU citizens as they are citizens of their country
Most of those countries had over 10% budget deficits anyways after the crisis.
It's ridiculous
At first look Greece is a good pick, as this gives a lot of Mediterranean shore, but going for Turkey will make the whole Black sea part of the Mediterranean, besides the additional seashore
You don't get instantly reported either.
I see why some people go for it though
I do like hedgehogs, they look cute, they are not aggressive, not noisy as well, but with all the needles that covered their bodies...hm it is not convenient to live inside my clothes :P
This is not even remotely true for Serbia (outside of some fantasy where the Russian army teleports to Serbia and uses it as a base of invasions) .
I don't have one, because I don't bake peppers, but many people have one
No i'v been reading a lot of Marx recently.
Yes, the mountains, but only I think Strandzha, the Rhodopes and Stara Planina the others have a lot of tourists
you prove nothing, really, as I'm exactly debating the
The situations in every country in the world is very different and complex so you using the same template because its the only one you know, is useless.
[Pancho Vladigerov - Vardar - Bulgarian Rhapsody] is the most majestic and widely loved one
> If you go to some african countries with 100€ you can basically own the entire city
I was able to appreciate  "Under The Yoke" only once I entered university
Can confirm
I don't like it honestly, sometimes i have to repeat multiple times for native english speakers to understand me and it really hurts my dignity
And it always goes as fat on their butts and legs LOL.
What will the EU get out of that?
New York seems about the same latitude as my city of Sofia and it has been [-15 degrees here] for like a month now.
Wasn't disagreeing, just adding to it.
Don't want to generalize, but contemporary muslim migrants are not like the ones that came to Europe 30 or so years ago.
I don't really support this united superpower idea it is going to destroy the identity of so many people
Now try to do the same with Bulgaria or Romania and Greece, tell us why we should give a rat's ass about "the tragedy" of a few yeras of austerity for a nation 2 times richer than us, when we'v had complete "austerity" for 25 years now.
Fairly cheap compared to zone 1 or compared to other european countries because i mean £12 at lets say Nandos for half a chicken with chips isnt exactly worth it but its cheap for London standards
Eggs can stay on room temperature, but most people refrigerate them anyway
It's expected that migration increased due to people wanting to get in while they can.
ДПС has gone on to have a very colourful history in Bulgarian politics and participated in countless corruption scandals while acting as a king maker in politics
Never heard of it, I don’t think there is a Bulgarian version
We keep eggs in the cold isles in Easter Europe, too
Because they're claiming to talk about the statistical average not their personal lives.
Younger people speak English and older people speak Russian
The other languages will not have the absolute equivalents of the language they use.
Not to mention that if the UK decides not to recognise the referendum result, Scotland is completely fucked
In sure we've got some non - medieval stuff
North Macedonia
Wouldn't it be good if those that can walk give 0
Please watch it with subtitles and not dubbed
Edit: same with ThyssenKrupp, Schindler and Otis
I don't see how getting goods and services for cheap if you are poor is a fundamental right at all
I am just used to saying it like it's male but it really is neutral
Exactly
I'm worried about the parliamentary elections later this year though - a BSP majority would be a disaster.
Well you can't say you didn't hear protestors wanting stuff but still protesting, that's absurd
You're worse than one of the worst
Eh, it was less of a stab and more of an axe in the back.
Bread(mostly white), Sirene(brined cheese), Kashakval(yellow cheese) Tomatoes, Cucumbers, Peppers, Eggs, Kiselo Mlyako(Yogurt), Cabbage, Beans, Carrots, Onions, Pork and Chicken.
If you like the sea come to [Varna] or [Sunny Beach] if want to see British tourists embarrass themselves.
Bulgar:
It's kinda laughable we're disusing this when in it;s widely known fact that the previous method was in favour of the rich
If it weren't for the Russians it would just be another region of Romania along with Transnistria
When I was learning it I would confuse store and magazine, because store in Bulgarian is "magazin".
opinions is fine , spreading fake news for propaganda purposes is not and thats what they are mostly doing.
I live in Sofia, Bulgaria, and I'd say 90% of people wear masks when shopping indoors (in supermarkets)
And I can't remember ever having a war with (North) Macedonia
If you want to get in a good university with a good bach, some start going to lessons as early as 9th or 10th grade
It's gorgeous
Goce Delchev,
We can still improve capitalism
Obviously a lot of people notice that the map is extremely inaccurate but why does no one give a single fuck about Thrace
Hail for all the people protesting against corruption and against self-congratulatory, indesrcribable arrogant politicians.
Last Sunday was Orthodox Easter, so we had a day off last Friday, are having one today and are going to have another one tomorrow
**Grades 1 - 4:** classes start about 1 hour after other grades'. These kids get their "big" break after their second class, and they usually don't have more than 6 classes per day
They have a ridiculously tiny (in a good way) central government, which probably helps a lot.
According to statistics - be it names of newborns or others, there are certainly still regions with lots of bulgarian muslims or turkish people.
It's not as similar as Macedonian or Serbian but it's not too bad
* German, because I kind of like the language and would visit Germany again
Luxembourg for saying Hungary should be expelled from the EU.
When it's not blowing it's kinda nice though, seeing everything covered in a thick white blanket.
I would link my speedtest but I'm too lazy to get out of bed and go to the other room and use the Ethernet cable
It was common for children to be photographed like this:
She's the sister of another less popular writer, who was also part of the "Thought" literature group
Do it and then you must invest in building a kitch bronze statue of every single Polish, Ukrainian, Czech and German historic figure in the Capital, to prove your ancient roots and totally historic nationality.
I love baked kashkaval in any form
He started out as a bodyguard, so a lot of the things we make fun of is how thuggish he is
Except last New year's eve where it hit about -20C during midnight.
So the correlation doesn't hold up.
Maybe I'm just making excuses for them right now.
Im just saying that if we don't agree with Crimean Russia we shouldn't agree with independent Kosovo
It depends on the courses of actions that the Union takes
Wow
Yes there are people who idolize Russia and thus the US can only be bad in every way, but even these people I wouldn't say "hate" the us.
They are blatantly lying to you, don't believe them, all that will happen is you get -1 stability.
It's not just the education system
I feel like it could be Bulgaria
Football is an entertainment industry, so whoever gets people entertained gets paid more, and people like Ronaldo entertain people a LOT
The word immigrant seems to be too dirty for most of them so they use expat instead.
Rest of the places i've visited in greece was as a sightseeing tourist.
I know in economics the rule is - if someone wins, other is losing.
People on this sub are way too kind to tools like you.
Bulgaria appears at the other half of the chart with all Slavic languages
Other visitors to Bulgarian beaches are more than welcome to share their findings, I haven't been to the beach in too long :(
0000001% of their tax so you can be normal
rip bulgarian press freedom
And the dead ones which are magicaly voting and ofcourse - ciganite
Problems not fixed after 30 years because of the disgustingly corrupt government
I believe once the Briquit is accomplished all trade between EU and UK will be done under WTO rules.
Civilized equals the continuous progress of the quality of human life and decrease in unnecessary suffering.
Not as many Russians as it used to be tbh
Few counties dare to speak about faulty testing kits, fake N95, medical equipment with quality of toilet paper, or the fact that the "free" donations from China have to be actually purchased (plus signing political deals with China)
Do you really think the average romanian goes to sweden to become a beggar ?
But that’s my thought
Because of the anti-Russian sentiment some Russian companies consider selling their assets throughout Europe.
Yavorov then tried to shoot himself in the head but the bullet went through his temporal bone, he survived the suicide attempt but was left blind
Mutra is characterizing the bad, while бичè describes the physical appearance.
If you move, your family and friends won't move with you.
(among the non muslims I mean) Yet no one talks of Western Europe as "almost the same" in women's rights as the Mid East, the way they do for Eastern.
It doesn't really matter where they start.
But what if the majority of the population want to be part of another country, and want referendum but the government doesn't let them?
I like it, but I don't try to cook it myself
Until then I see them as friends and European brethren
You just bring a backpack to school, you just have it with you You aren't bringing a suitcase for a sleepover
And the fucking assholes hid that from the people for days and days!
Huh...you're going fat girl :P.
The entertainment industry, I guess.
Not after our ancestors were tortured by you for 500 years.
Actually reading history makes you more nationalistic and pushes you to the right.You start taking pride in the good things that have happened to your country and start thinking what if the bad things haven't happened.I'll give you an example with my country,someone who has a degree in history and has studied the Second Balkan and WW1, will be prejudiced against Serbs and some people will be outright hostile.While a lot of the dumb people that got pushed to finishing highschool and haven't read a book in 3 and the only thing they know about Serbs is chalga(pop-folk invented in Serbia,the most popular music for dumb people in Bulgaria) will outright love them.Hell a lot of the people claiming Trump will start ww3 didn't have an idea what is a No Fly Zone and that it would 100% force the USA in a war with Russia if enforced.
You mean failing by the DNC for having Hillary as candidate?
> Same thing happens in every country, but sure
Right now the 33
) we might as well have been speaking Chinese
When you have appalling social services, the last thing you need is low cost appalling social service
Not as much as a tradition but more as something you do in general here
* *sweet bready golden;*
I don't know the name of the job but its about those guys who prepare the dead bodies to be buried
London has a lot of jobs, but is a bad place to live in unless you're in the top quarter by income.
The first one was Simeon I of Bulgaria, in 912
It is hard to take your question seriously when you refer to me as "comrade".
I think given that 90% of Bulgarians go every summer to Northern Greece and spend all their money on Gyros and Ouzo..
What are the Russians really trying to achieve by making such public statements?
You can see the houses that are built with Swedish money, at the end of part 2.
Possibly Volen Siderov - he's the leader of a far-right party (ATAKA) who's agenda is very hate-based, and his hobbies include getting into fights with university students
Alright not as extreme but you get the picture.
It's almost the same here in Bulgaria.
[Chushkopek]
* Photographers offering pictures with stuffed roe deers
Regional identity is strong in many European countries.
Now if I give you the context that throwing beans is a method of fortune telling/reading the future, it *still* doesn't sound too funny
* Tervel - the Khan that saved Byzantium from the Arabs
Some people embrace the idea, while others are against it.
Other than that I feel that map is pretty solid, or at least that is how I view things.
The same threat is very common here
So Stratosphere means a sphere for armies
At ballotage, yes
Why should Radev/BSP rule for 3 months
In which case the debt grows and piles, threatening a collapse across the board - which is worse that of the industries the state owes to.
People from “the province” (as people in Sofia call them, you can imagine that term is really not popular with non-Sofians) see Sofia equal parts as the shiny castle on the hill, but also the evil stepmom that gets the bulk of the money in the country and pretends anything outside of the Sofia Ring Road doesn’t exist
It's just that a lot of powerful lobbies don't want a united Europe
Will we see fiscal union soon - no imho.
but of course - socialism is a state of the journey to communism.
And now the newly developed "Covid-19 doesn't exist, it's the Satan's deception" and the like
Complete drivel backed by no factual claims.
Basically guerilla fighters from that time period (19th century) against Ottoman tyranny (or law, depending on the POV)
But more specifically they think that their kids will be taken away if they spank them (they really want to defend their "right" to hit their kids) or if their kid complains to someone that it's being abused and since according to them kids misunderstand and can't be trusted this will surely be the end of the "traditional Bulgarian family".
We work as the lousy security guard
God damn it
**People whose father's don't recognise them:**
V.1 - apparently the guy who made this is taking notes from the comment section
Haven't heard about it tho, but I wouldn't be surprised, he lies about a lot of things
There's a ton on the Thirty Years War or the Swedish Deluge in Poland.
What interest do they have in bombing a country with low Muslim population and nonexistent role in the Middle East?
Four or five
We would be cut off from the rest of the EU.
We risk being replaced by third world migrants who breed at a much faster rate than us.
turned out it was a large battle from more than 300 years ago
2)Ottoman Empire - enslaved us
I don't really know
Yup, massive devaluation, Venezuela style
Reforms to the vocational-training system will help remove the barriers for hiring people
Which may not sound like a lot, especially considering that my rent was 250 a month, bills not included.
I get that these engines are better in that they don't steal your data but I've yet to find one as good as Google at finding the result I'm looking for
We have a lot of materialistic gold diggers too, but I guess when you talk with her for a while you understand what she's interested into.
Jewish jokes
He can't start trade wars with China and Germany and Japan and other major exporting countries.
Ours would too if we had enough testing capacity
Sorry for what my ancestors did my Balkan brotha
But studies have shown that it does effect what type of car people choose
is a wholly different question.
Oh so you think 16% is low
I also wonder how our socialist party will handle this considering their ambitions to get in power, they are part of PES and supposed to be socially progressive but their voterbase is old and conservative
I never made it black as I don't give a shit about American issues
[yes I'm aware not everyone is Caucasian in russia]
Their barbaric culture and values are not welcome here.
Bulgaria is pretty much entirely atheist.
[Hristo Botev] - also a revolutionary and great poet
Meat is a lux that most of them can't afford
So glad someone said this
I lived 4 years in the UK and 2 in Belgium, I dated a French girl, I can tell you with certainty what you described isn't unseen in those countries too.
I want my country to do this too, it will make watching Champions League games much easier.
I wouldn't be surprised if, within a decade or so, we reach the point where computers can produce error-free translations for all the EU-language pairs.
And I can hardly imagine the things I haven't seen
Oh they are a symbol all right.
Weeeell
And the American financial crisis started for the same reason - excessive spending just not by the government, but by the people.
As far as I can remember, some dog breeds(labs or golden retreivers) are used, too.
Declaration and frontier pact is a little difference than alliance
It means he won the electoral election.
It's hilarious until it happens to you.
For a host of reasons
Yes, we won't even win one game in the qualifiers anyway
He was half-German, maybe that explains it
Also worth mentioning, if you zoom in you will notice that by far the larger part of people is between 20 and 35 years old
Very common in Bulgarian towns and villages, less common in cities
Romania is off-limits to anyone who thinks of invading the country.
Anyway, a person can be a just reformer and a tyrant at the same time, many of the best known reformers in history were quite tyrannical indeed
We're waiting for Trump's visit.
English - Bulgarian
The 2013-2014 government wasn't an interim one.
The top 0
35% and rising in the last 6 years
Pirate more and you won't be affected
That's normal, they're stocking up on food, not poison
Czechoslovakia was richer than Spain, Ireland and almost on the same level as Italy, Hungary richer than Greece, the Baltics on the same level as Finland and Poland richer than Portugal.
And the team as a whole
I understand that this law will help artist such as musicians to get better payment and royalties by tech giants, but this **should NOT come at the expense of free speech, sharing of information, free fan-made creation and memes
Or shutting the mouths of the mothers who lost their sons who were sent to fight in Ukraine.
Trump should try to find a parking spot for an American truck literally anywhere in Europe
I must admit it was the most weird map of all that thread - Europe according to country X.
Nope, with the type of immigration policy which favours societies more easily assimilatable into Europe Muslim countries would've automatically been at the bottom of receiving quotas.
Europe is more like cultural identity, in other words place populated with ethnically different people that share similar cultures.
You haven't been to Bulgaria, have you
Which means...sorry but i can not understand your statement.
Only the coastal areas have milder winters and cooler summers.
And when the Russian spy goes in another country to push the agenda of a pro-Russian party we have a reason to be concerned.
Wouldn't it be Teslov, like a family name after the profession of making tesli - gardening/hammering/nail-removing tools.
Russia had communism, it's hard to come back from that.
Pronoused the same
The Templar knights were the second one which competed with them but was destroyed in the 14th century.
The Netherlands doesn't, but they have huge docks that allow for efficient trade
You have Snooki, we have a lot like her.
I assume the poverty was stronger in smaller towns than it was in the capitol.
You mean the treaty of San Stefano
I've recently conquered it in Europe Universalis...as The Knights.
Nothing is going to change with the next elections - the same people that were in power will win again.
Eh, I was making a joke thought it doesn't seem to be a popular one.
It became the first global empire, if that was for good or bad is another question.
A lot of it is just part of the way of life.
A language who's largest vocabulary belongs to linguistic group A is most certainly classified within that group.
I want to see my hometown (Veliko Tarnovo) when it was the capital of an empire and its beauty and wealth was compared to that of Constantinople
We have our own problems to deal with and we don't want to bring more problems on top of it."
Interesting
Check out [this article] for a fairly thorough analysis.
(A duck is „патица“ - „pátitza“)
After all, it hasn't got the quality of a perfectly cubic public toilet in Estonia or a swamp in central Italy.
For Dutch I'd say Harry mulisch - the discovery of heaven
Completely forgot what it was
That's why I'm not talking about communist times, though even what happened then wasn't enough to call Bulgaria a "failed multi-ethnic state".
ITT: DAE People saying cultural appropriation bad
In Bulgaria it's around 25, maybe a bit lower
The other was the parliamentary debate thingy - a friend was in the Communist party and most girls were in the fascist one for some reason.
Mountains
*holds up a cross*
Don't worry, probably the EU countries don't want free movement with Britain as well.
ANy reasonable person would fly from Finland to Greece, but any reasonable person would take the train from Sofia to Bucharest if it was 2 hours rather than 7, as it is now
Goddamn that's a nice salary
On the night of 30 June, people gather at beaches (although those who don’t want to travel to the seaside go to the mountains, hills etc) and start bonfires, set up camps, party and sometimes famous people have concerts
I thought Maltesers are from Malta, but they are British
Can install fitness equipment at home simply cause i can afford bigger place.
Otherwise maybe Prague or Berlin
You certainly are allowed to ask any questions, it is just that the consequences can sometimes be quite deadly.
We went to the morgue when I was in the end of elementary school
Between 1 and 15 million had died
Imagine what will be if San Marino with population of an average town blocks something regarding EU.
Capital centre is blocked almost every night
I don't speak any french and never thought that it is a thing that you need to check for before buying
We can't have memes in /r/europe but facebook boomer cartoons are ok
Maybe it refers to communist times
The night jets from Vienna are a big hit too, last time I checked
There are somwath popular in Sofia and not as much in the rest of the country
There's a solid rock/metal scene in Bulgaria, a couple of classics are  [The Black Sheep by Ahat] and [Diamond and Glass by B.T.R.]
Omg a politician does something normal
Within twelve or less months, i believe, it'll become clear how hard Brithing will be.
No, country responsible for millions of deaths bad
I haven't included the second Bulgarian kingdom or anyone who participated in the many liberation movements and many of the people listed below can be switched with other equally known people
They might have been indifferent.
After that, it depends on where you want to go after high school
Good enough
But unfortunately, some of your countrymen seem to think these things are "communist".
Wouldn't live there forever but that applies for the whole of UK
I've read about multiple such cases in our Black Sea resorts, particularly Sunny Beach
So for all of that we expelled a diplomat
So when I went to Czechia I ordered it out of interest and I really liked it
And many many more, I could go on for ages - all worth seeing or at least taking up the ruins and daydreaming how much more important and busy these places were in Antiquity
Ye, the players attacking him was super low.
In general names get literal translations but every now and then translators decide to be clever or some shit and we get some gems
As I just said in another comment, the people descending from ancient tribes that were conquered and then latinized have no right to claim that their ancestors were somehow responsible for the Roman legacy
Only Buzzfeed reported on what that material supposedly was.
Christianity model for life is Jesus, Islam model for life is Mohammed, one of them was peacefull carpenter, the other war pedophile warlord, guess which one is preferred
Also nice nickname
". The university doesn't really matter
Yeah
I've been playing Witcher 3 for days now and the one thing I don't like about it is Gwent
They are richer than most of Europe.
Hopefully there won't be need for either.
As long as we're participating in this fantasy, we'd have to note that the terrain in southern Bulgaria is not conducive for Turkish advance at all, through the Balkan Mountains.
Depending on the season there are some times yellow ones as well
Maybe my metabolism is slower - last time I actually measured my intake I usually ate between 1600 and 2000 kcal a day - and I ran 5k's twice a week and did a bit of weight lifting, which is definitely easier that 'moderate' exercise by the calculator's standards but not fully sedentary either.
More countries have a lower, rather than a higher murder rate compared to the US
Don't view it as the EU abandoning the US, but more like the EU hedging its alliances.
I don't think so
Black people in america have endured ethnic eradication - they never really know their origins, their ethnicities, their native languages
Is this a joke or something
No dude I don't think you guys are
Like 50% of the country is mountains.
Realism is for the poor to handle...
**Macedonia** - I love how in touch they are with the ancient Hellenic roots of the South Slavs
Who would you send to Miss World, to be sure to win?
In the EU you get not 1, not 2 but 3 Steps to influence a bill
Couple of years ago it was around 350-400 euros.
Amazing :) And here in Eastern Europe we are drowned every winter with some fake news about "Chrismas abolished"or changed to "Seasons's Greetings" here and there not to hurt migrants' feelings (or about Oktoberfest and so on...).
A mix of healthcare and paid leave for vacation
Most often used by the kids when they can't say the bad word.
A huge percentage of the population works in Sofia, it's estimated to be close to 2 million, while the whole country itself around 7 million.
no wtf
Most are very respectful, learn the language and adopt local customs
He said we aren't following Marx or Socialism.
It's way easier to be convicted with them in court, idk for EU as a whole, but in Bulgaria they would be quite usefull, a lot of rich shits would get easier in prison.
I hope they achieve independence soon.
That question seems to be on repeat here.
" And I agree
Nah bro it's not hot at all it been fucking raining
Can someone please explain this for a dumb Bulgarian
Be more specific than pointing at finance and demanding some mythical tax
He must have drunk too much coffee in October...
Didn't see any different religion in your map.
Bulgarian - Благодаря/Мерси
Anyways, the protests don't have a position on western integration, the sole EU flag in front of this massive demonstration shows that the pro-western sentiment isn't widespread, which, I'd argue, is a good thing, nobody wants a repeat of Ukraine
* [Central Balkan beech forest] \- a centuries-old forest in the central Stara planina;
I particularly disagree with the Yugo one
For example, cause they married a foreigner, or because they don't like their society and while travelling found other community which suits them better.
Elections are in a few months anyway
Might as well not try
You shouldn't judge by the numbers but by what information and stuff they are trying to hide
As (to my knowledge) it isn't finalised yet, what do you think the reprecussions are going to be
Threads about the UK breaking up often make it to the first page with many people fantasizing about Scotland, Wales or N.Ireland leaving
- closed the link
Bless that judge
Unlike the rest of the Slavic languages, Bulgarian has articles and she never uses "the", so it sounds like your typical Russian in American movies with bad grammar and bad pronunciation
Boyko
We have whole ruin cities and everything, it's insane
I know just can't think of other name than Bulgaria
* Dobroslav(a)
Off-course, if it turns out profitable to have combined auto-train + sleeper cars running from Germany to Greece, then the infrastructure will allow it
In the USA, you don't have any left parties.
A laptop weights enough and takes space, which can be better used.
Now, i am tired to type that statement, but will say it again.
I'm not kidding, our press is *that bad*. Some people genuinenly believe that
They live the same way everywhere and don't care about laws.
Yeah we should try to do it again and will do it right this time I promise.
Sorry mate, completely forgot to pick up them strawberries on my way back from my job at an investment bank.
Now we have the same five guys dubbing every movie/show instead
>Bulgaria  - We are in a very good relationship at the moment but there is still controversy around Dobruja
People still buy bottled water or fill up on mineral water at some springs because of the taste though
Him being "pro russian" is lame propaganda pushed by the leading party , who had a terrible candidate and were bound to lose because of it.
Penny Market closed all of it's stores in Bulgaria last year due to losses.
Could not care less about boobs.
Not to mention that *even if it happened* everywhere else, your argument boils down to pure whataboutism
We are talking about the fact that chains and retailers in general are selling low quality stuff in EE if compared to same brands in WE.
Yup
I would say it's hard to tell if any fluent balkan speaker has it as their first language or not
And gee, I wonder why no one trusted Stalin
And Eastern Thrace from Turkey
It's no secret that Бате Бойко isn't the smartest of individuals
Though we are on our way to slowly ridding the government from these scum, we only need a strong and capable leader to take up the job and fasten the process
Седя по турски. - "Sitting the turkish way
Even though Europe is probably the most urbanized place on earth, Europeans ( and not only them ) have to start realizing that one should not fly thousands of miles to touch the beauty of nature and see exotic culture.
* [Kazanlak Thracian tomb] \- the tomb of a Thracian ruler;
With Sorbian, Belarusian and Rusyn I have basically had no contact so I cannot say
Back then, Turkey joining the EU was still a realistic albeit distant prospect and the Greek-Cypriots could use that to their advantage.
But they may have a typical problem just as our parties here - not wanting to be idiotically populist to win the stupidest of voters (which is, like, 60% of the population).
да се изтропам (da se iztropam) - to knock myself
We used to learn about the Yalta conference as somewhat of a 'bruh' moment
Че може, аз не знаех.
Bulgaria shocked me
Says who
Entirely nude is *very rare* for either sex, though there's usually small more-or-less designated areas for that
No, that's their quarterly growth measured in a different way.
But if you've worked and retired in country A and after retirement move to country B, country A is responsible for your pension, while country B - for your health and social security
FYI, this was rather a large-scale raid by the arabs encouraged by their easy conquest of Iberia with the purpose of looting and to test how far they can get before meeting actual resistance.
I am Libertarian and free-market oriented, Socialists are enemies of some of my deepest core values, such as private property or freedom from theft and cohersion.
Do not let them get you down, Wilders.
Here it can be any random european language - german, greek, polish, whatever
Long last the Slavic Spring
From corrupt Politicians (most communists stayed in power), Trough the gypsy minority that has whole self sugregated group of wallet thieves,
Grammar is optional most of the time
1 lev - crap Lavazza capsule coffee from a street kiosk, 10 leva - lunch main course in the city center, 100 leva - two monthly public transport passes or three months of gigabit internet
This is obvious, a lack of skilled workers is creating production bottlenecks and snarling up supply chains
I want to move to Barcelona
There is Hesburger in Bulgaria, but it is worse than McDonald's. I don't know if this is the general situation or just the local franchises
It gets in the water
I know the architect researcher who made the proposal
Maybe half of them returned later but those are impossible to estimate correctly
They also had a ["protest" in Sweden] where they accused Swedish police of being terrorists.
I don't know if we are winning by being dumb slaves or not
I honestly think America would guard a rock in the middle of the Atlantic if that can be justified to voters.
I love democracy
And of course the "intruders will be shot on sight" signs
If someone said hi to the people in the bus, they'd be considered crazy
It's a town by the seaside which is nothing special, but it's cheap and attracts a lot of tourists, mainly Russian
All I know is Napoleon was some army general from Corsica and that he somehow got in power, improved the army's logistical capabilities and used a lot of fucking canons
Macedonian - Фала
And how are people supposed to be commenting if they can not read the article?
In all likelihood they'll put a filtering system on the filter, where if your IP is not from the E.U. the filter would give you an auto-pass
In Bulgaria in my class there are 30 students
След като Джон отиде в една кръчма минавайки през тъмната гора, той откри, че си е забравил парите.
If these agreements are going to result in more sane intellectual property laws, I am all for it.
If the EC has to act it will be seen as undemocratic, which could complicate the crisis further.
But, again, that doesn't mean that the Roman legacy is somehow shared between all peoples that were conquered by Rome
What
But when there is an earthquake what do you do
What can i say, people of the UK voted in their majority - leave.
There seem to be news of violence from all over Europe at the same time?
So, yeah
Some schools had them but don't use them, but a typical school corridor looks like [this] and a typical class room - like [this]
5 - Kievan Rus/Russia/USSR - we've had some early touching points like 970s occupation of Bulgaria by the Kievans, later in the 18th/19th/20th centuries Russia/USSR played played massive role in Bulgaria
Montenegro-Черна Гора(Cherna Gora,directly translated-Black Forest)
Hence their claims to be your "cousins" would be valid in most cases, if you were of that phenotype i asked.
The assisted death would even give him more time for thinking about the decision.
My high school class was unusually big - 32 kids
I doubt that's what's gonna happen in her case.
Pretty sure there is nothing "left" about his post.
And on the spectrum (or compass), are they up or down
Stone age people already embrace the idea that theft=bad , but 21st century leftists struggle with it for some reason.
Yes i did typed that and i think i've explained what i meant in my comment afterwords.
It is the same as yours - you choose a party and a favored candidate
Soap
Disregarding a few diplomatic blunders and the convoluted administration, the EU is quite good
Is there more info about this question?
People criticize the nazis *all the time* - and that's exactly what they do with colonialism, so your original claim colonialism isn't criticized enough and you'd like me to show you where it is, is equally ludicrous as asking when does anyone criticize the nazis.
The Bulgarian-Greek conflict started after his death
there
In Sweden, among other places, the elimination has had no effect on inequality, and there are signs it has actually spurred growth
Living standards are best todays, most peaceful time
geshev fabricates evidence
Teachers of subjects that may become optional are worried about their future
In fact some mining companies are currently aggressively seeking conessions in the area.
Some time after he gets engaged and he's about to be married
What's up with Ukraine lmao
Just use the submarines for dank tours of the North Sea.
Except he is in every official way a person and a politician can be.
Brits can post about Brething affair on their subs.
And he also won't be able to radicalise other people in prison.
They are quite spacious as they are (waaay more so than a plane or a coach), and they are often also half-empty
Well we are second in Europe and sixth in the world in percentage of the population that smokes (tobacco that is)
The UK was in the perfect storm for such remarks to be heard and be influential, but really it happens in every country.
You sound much more reasonable than the Trucidator guy.
That it is seriously overstated.
This is a silly law and just removes any incentive to setup an HQ or factory in France
It goes both ways which means Russia will prefer to focus their propaganda in such countries.
No, the figure accounts for inflation.
Where I'm at it snowed for a total of 3 times this winter and the snow barely lasted a day before melting
But if you think about it, if he resigned earlier he could have had bigger chances to win more trust but now that he's just driving around the country and calling protesters mafia is fully incompetent and won't turn out well for him
And this is the story that my dad overhears, calls out the other guy on how impossible that is because that's *his* grandfather, what are the odds of the same thing happening to someone else
The ECB has a basket of currencies that it keeps as reserves in order to prop up the Euro.
It’s space ship in the middle of the wilderness
USB 2
I don't know how it's called in English - the director, laughed his ass off when I was brought up to him by the security soldiers
After all it was him who destroyed the Empire of Evil
If that's how it is in rich and powerful countries, no wonder a lot of people there think very highly of themselves
And I don't know about Bulgarian history?
What about the rights of all those people who voted for GERB + United Patriots
>Who had Macron as minister of the economy and was heavily criticized by the left wing because they did nothing for the people and by the right wing because their policies were absolutely stupid ? Also the same government that gave companies 40 billions euros as a gift because "they'll create a million jobs if we do" which did absolutely nothing ?
With **Slovene** it's 35% to 40%, it's very similar to Serbian but there's so many words that throw me off
Not sure if we can determine the etymology of the word with certainty.
But if i see some interesting comments, i do step in.
I think in the future technology might solve this problem for us.
I'm curious, which are those countries that you feel would instigate an international scandal because a low-level employee wanted a bribe
Damn
För me it is Swedish
Darker hair and eyes are definitely more common but you'll find plenty blonde, blue eyed people, and varying skin tones
Closest thing we have to a ruler is a Prime-Minister on the 20 leva
Where'd you steal the computer from, Hassan?
It just doesn't sound as "sexy" and "shocking" to talk of the inherent right of every indigenous group of people to be the majority on their own land.
Same thing here lol
* [Madara Rider] \- a stone carving of a horseman, sprearing a lion
Also Vasil Levski, Hristo Botev, Georgi Rakovski, all of them were revolutionaries and Ivan Vazov, who is the most famous bulgarian writer
I think it's more the idea that you have your vacation in another country
I have no idea how to speak German
You can't do that
This, even if true, does not compromise the election which he won legitimately.
Bulgarians invented the Cyrillic alphabet in 893 during the 1st Bulgarian Empire
How did they give us more money when the overall budget is smaller
Haha, we're always cursing those damn Romanians and their damn decent (looking) economy
All highways (~800km) have a speed limit of 140 with exceptions on some turns and tunnels, as well as a 60km stretch on one of the highways, which is in bad condition even for Bulgarian standards (so the solution was not to repair it but set the limit to 90km/h)
Among Bulgarians it's popular to diss our country for everything, but highways are something we have been doing pretty well at.
Yeah, but we didn't vanish from the earth during that time lol
Let's wait and see until the actual results are in.
The only impression I have of Czech is that it makes women sound very sexy, but that might just be because of the context I've heard it in
Bulgarian
The meaning is something like:"If you don't do -insert something here- I'm going to slap you"
Russia on the other hand has been involved in virtually all conflicts in Eastern Europe - starting from the Azeri/Armenian war, Georgia, Moldova, Ukraine, and now Serbia/Kosovo.
[MFW The Prime Minister says we have no corruption]#t=01m32s)
I can tell you from experience that government agencies in Bulgaria use XP computers today
I haven't watched them but my parents certainly did.
Some time after he gets engaged and he's about to be married
Still can't wrap my head around it
With zero background information, I see why this could be mistaken for a university.
As if they had a choice
Hence, if you get a medical degree from Bulgaria but wish to practice medicine in Germany, now you don't have to retake your entire medical education (as was the case before).
If the season is right this will be the first
Criminal Code, Article 159:
Wtf, the taste will still be the same
I was hoping for a solution that doesn't involve going through an economic crisis.
I know just can't think of other name than Bulgaria
university) and pensionners and anyone else can buy one (€25 for 1 year)
Biggest problem is that the majority of the medical community is among those adults, too
This is absurd
I guess at the end you have better representation than me.
I don't understand anything from it and I can't see any other similar letters
But USB C can supply most common laptops and we can probably have a USB 4-C x2 that has double the power lanes for the really power hungry ones if it is really needed
Rofl, I guess we've expirted some construction workers your way too
Tax increase for the lower middle class
Type C is actually designed for what it does
Well, if they managed to reach 12th grade, you'd expect them to at least be literate
Were they *ahem* hungry
I lived there for an year and a half and I have to say there are some things to see, it is by the sea which gives bonus points and I like the general calmness that the city brings to it's citizens
No one is forcing France to accept millions of completely incompatible and unassimilatable Maghrebis as opposed to immigrants from South America for example.
If you wan't to believe that Alexander the great has something to do with modern day macedonians you are free to do so, the same way you can believe Trump's alternative facts.
I'm saying that if NATO were truly aggressive we would be seeing that everywhere because NATO just has  opportunities and temptations to be aggressive that no one else has
I for one would welcome our Romanian overlords.
Why I don't really know
Only if you live in Sofia and get 3500 leva net salary and somehow manage to spend only 350 leva for rent.
Sure, not everyone, but not enough to warrant forcing it on everyone
Taxation has nothing to do with what our hospitals and roads look like
They will do everything in their power to stop any change.
The offer is still up, I just wasn't looking at the right place:
But I regret nothing
People can fire me or deny me access to their media, but the state stays politically impartial and does not punish anyone for any views, regardless if they offend someone else.
These are their customs, not ours.
And the EU has invested many times more than just 1
He didn't start the whole organisation but he did organise the uprising effort from Romania with all the Bulgarians that had fled from Turkish law/violence
Talk about geopolitical ignorance.
Improve training for the unemployed
The people shall exercise this power directly and through the bodies established by this Constitution
People who aren't comfortable with it can wait in the queue for the normal toilet
I'm sure with enough protests Romania will stay on its successful path of reducing corruption.
15 - 30 minutes by car in city traffic
Slavic countries would be more or less easy to manage (not you though Poland)
On my question what do they celebrate, the answer was - End of the season, end of work!
Our entire language has Greek origins so yano
Russia is being slowed down thanks the idiotic government
|Engineering|Sofia Technical University|
As some other people said - the entitlement of some native English speakers is definitely something to roll our eyes at
All of this BS comes from Russia together with their hatred to the US and NATO, suspicion towards EU (their regulations which 'destroyed our industry' and the gay rights which 'will destroy our morals'), combined with strong nationalism and awe to Putin.
My country's infrastructure is really depressing
They succeeded in WW1 - so it is possible.
But as long as you attend school and watch TV, you'll be exposed to proper Bulgarian
It's not
Free Trade merely shows the extend to which a local industry is efficient.
**Female names - royal consorts and female sebastocratic rulers:** Desislava, Elena, Petritsa, Irina, Anastasiya, Mariya, Mariya Survuvul, Agata, Yakvinta, Anna, Kira, Teodora, Yoanna, Eleonora, Margarita
Later that officer told him he said this and didn't continue further because he noticed they were completely surrounded and there was no point in dying for nothing
What does the finance is a sector that's doing good have to do with tax, they already pay the 33
100 lv
They do this at a couple of places in Bulgaria too
And maybe in would yet money or clothes or some other needles things if I had the space
The data
It's amazing especially when it's homemade
Elections are in 7 months
I love democracy
You won't believe how many Russians visit the sea each year and how many have properties
How long do you think it'll take for your neighbors to make a coalition against Turkey if you continue playing cocky with all of them?
Just recently a man was just arrested for burning the Bulgarian flag and is now facing charges.
Bulgaria and Serbia support this protest
Extremely few people are able to work 80 hours+ and most of them are man
My argument is, Germany has such good export cause it produces innovative goods and services.
By picking Brexit, or by voting for Trump, these people are on some level aware that they have fucked up their countries badly.
As a Bulgarian
Yep and in return western countries get to expand their corporate power and cheap labor force.
I've always assumed that the CU was the lifeline of the Turkish economy, at least judging by the number of Turkish TIR trucks crossing through Bulgaria on their way to Europe.
&#x200B;
For some reason we kept the "a" at the end
Once the Russians obliterate you and you obliterate them any country will be able to move in an seize your territories.
tasty
That’s easy
"Na maika si putkata" or as you gentlemen would know it "at its mother's privates"
As a male in my late 20s having one country between me and Syria (and that country being Turkey of all...) and having a trigger happy Russia on the other end of the Black Sea I'm starting to worry more and more...
Oh I treat LGBT people like shit
Only if something happened like a school shooting, or something stupid Trump said, or some new invention is made there
Bulgaria has like 10 operational ancient Mig-29...
You don't understand the question very well.
I think Macron was right wanting to remove some labor laws and try and boost the economy
I suggest this one:
The truth is that he did it on purpose, because he knows his fellow asocial countrymen would love it
We've always called you Чехия (Chehiya) so not much different on our side
Що не пишете на БГ ве маа му дееба?
Our judicial system says that the General Prosecutor of the country is to be elected for a seven-year period by high-standing judicial people like judges and e.t.c There was only one candidate and he is "morally flawed". He was "elected", but our president put a veto on his "election". They did another "election" and he was once again "elected". The democratic choice of the only candidate
If anyone had any brain cells would know that these protests were initiated and paid by the oligarchs they arrested, prosecuted and gotten rid of in the past years
Sometimes they ask basic questions like "What's it like
Of course there are many ways to become more competitive, the easiest being - inflate your currency.
'? Sharing is caring
Yup, things are that bad
In order to get to nice ecoles you had to know someone or be from a rich family
I'm not saying sanction them because that's the only thing we can do.
Also restaurants there are very bleak and don't represent the original BG cuisine at all and food in general isn't very good for the price you pay to sit there
The only pile of shit is your thinking patterns, unfortunately very typical Bulgarian.
Vinetka
Logically, I'd expect your relationship to be more stable (as you mentioned)
How do people working in offices deal with the sweat from the bike ride
Yes what about it
let me voice an unpopular opinion.
We are the only slavs in the world that don't use я for "I" or "me"
Well Europe should react
Same reason why the BEL exam is mandatory
Tell me more about embarrassing moments
Also, where in Sweden is that suburb?
We call it:
" And the added picture of a goat underneath her (killing in Swedish means the child of a goat or something like that)
Bulgaria
In them the translator was like “Hey, what if I translate the Bag in Baggins
Equating ritual circumcision to rape is quite obscene and frankly an insult to all the genuine victims of rape.
Part of why tens of thousands of us are in the streets everyday
This is the new Terminal 3 they intend to build
Let me guess you voted for England(Scotland did not vote yes) to leave the UK
The average ukrainian has lighter skin than the average spaniard.
We don't have 24/7 news channels like you guys
Not when it is just plain wrong, and illegal.
It's probably not the case, but I find it hard to believe that this person was not simply suicidal.
Put it however you want, but when ISIS was a small and insignificant group none of the world leaders foresee the incoming disaster.
The article did not state if the rest said - no.
You heard of Covid
Contains very well preserved murals and paintings
Great, now the government should resign because nobody will trust them for anything.
If you're a EU retiree, you can live like a king here just from your pension alone
And even though it came out during the Communist years, when immigration was not really a thing, the lyrics talk about Bulgaria through the point of view of someone coming back - quite the heart-wrenching topic considering Bulgaria is the fastest shrinking country in the world and 30% of Bulgarians live abroad
So if someone gets a Bulgarian ID issued and their middle name is like, Claire or whatever, it just says "Father's name: Claire" and I think that's pretty funny
If you read my main post , i don't think it matters much that he is pro russian more than pro european since he has no real power outside of being the commander in chief.
Cologne is unnnatural to me (I didn't even know Cologne and Koln were the same until a year ago), and I don't have a way of adding umlaut on my keyboard
Nah, I think we really do have relatively good relations with them at the moment
Air pollution is one of the biggest problems here
Every student studies at least one foreign language and I would say a huge portion of the median students have some knowledge in another
One is agreement, the other one is deal.
Cheers, mates
They do this at a couple of places in Bulgaria too
Here it is normal to drink tap water, but in some cites/towns people dontdrink it because of the bad flavour/bad source
There is a clerk at the baby registry who is the ultimate decider
|Music|Prof
Доживях да видя пост от българин тук, онзи ден срещнах българин в тотално рандъм съб. I feel connected
That was my first thought as well - 3500 a day is ridiculously high - almost twice what I eat, and I'm a fairly active 80kg guy.
The Texas independence movement is literally a meme, meanwhile Scottish independence has pretty significant support
This is one of those combinations like a bear with chainsaws for arms
Large plastic bags from BILLA
Corruption perception sounds like a useless statistic.
Trades, NATO, (in our case) visas and so on...
Even if you were dirt poor and the EU was doing fine
Begone heat
He's our chief prosecutor and reports to no one while all other prosecutors report to him so he has unlimited power over who gets prosecuted
Can we do it again please
Also wouldn't go to India and Pakistan (no offence).
English and Frenchies are ashamed of blue-collar occupations.
I don't really like it tbh
Serbian - Hvala
I've met quite a few people in their 50s who do this, unless absolutely necessary, though currently if anyone used that it'd be pretty weird and probably considered incorrect information
Honestly, if you haven't been to any of those places, then you won't go wrong with whatever you choose.
) Very very polluten
I can assure you that if nothing changes here, most of these funds will not be spent transparently but instead sink into a circle of businesses close to the government
Well, Crete is quite famous for hiking as well as central and north-western mountain regions.
With the EU in a precarious situation due to Brexit and the migrant crisis, the current negotiations seem to be a desperate attempt by the South to salvage whatever they have left before the status quo turns into a permanent solution.
Having an Estonian name for a city doesn't mean that it is or ever was an Estonian city
That post is so wrong it hurts seeing it at the top.
Should the ECB need need recapitalisation(yes it can go bankrupt in theory)
Which provider
When there was a real attempt for introducing reforms in the legal system in late 2015, both GERB and RB sabotaged it so they cannot be expected to change anything really.
is a feeling :D It's a diagnose :D
Yeah, and that's a good thing
I think it's good to compare the EU with the US sometimes but let's not make it an obsession
No matter what we think or what we want, Russia is a powerful state and it is getting aggressive.
Cool, I would have liked a picture of the full dress, though
Like grades 1-2 kids won't even comprehend something as complex as a nation's history, but grades 3-4 you should at least start to build it
German cars are very well accepted all over the globe because of their quality and reasonable prices.
Color me red
But I'm willing to try it again one day
Many old (and a not-insignificant number of young) people openly romanticise our communist past, completely disregarding the concentration camps, indoctrination, the complete Soviet dominance over our affairs and the fact that bananas were considered a luxury
This dude is almost as famous as levski
Благороден - Noble
States do not borrow the same way person do.
I am not saying it is impossible, but I'd assume it is really hard
most of those (at least in Bulgaria) say that max vaccination during a pandemic is dog shit, not to mention the measures taken to "control" it
(No real experience with other North American countries though)
I agree, it's an important distinction to make
And yes i said so, prove me otherwise.
EVERYONE is free to dress with traditional Bulgarian clothes, and I can say we're always glad to see a foreigner enjoying our traditions - music, folklore, cuisine, dresses.
Hopefully Greece can get a bit of momentum in its growth and realise EC prognosis of 2,7% next year.
This is called a "Police" force or Gendarmerie at most.
America interests aren't EU interests either.
Yet a lot of people in my country regard it as an example of social justice.
LOL...Decathlon sport's hypermarkets are quite popular in Bulgaria as well.
Because these two are the furthest from being connected and they will be the last to be connected, if at all, unless the EU doesn’t make HSR a priority in the coming decades
It's an awkward thing to do especially for half of the passengers which are on the back
implying she has any experience as well, i just find that given the choice between those 2 I find Radev more qualified , since atleast he knows how to be a commander in chief.
These Slavs in FYROM today, whatever nationality they choose, have nothing to do with the ancient kingdom of Macedon or its rulers, yet they build them monuments and call stuff after them.
Here is a winter picture from Bulgaria.
/r/im14andthisisdeep
* We call dishwashing liquid "vero" after the Vero brand;
You seem a bit mad and also never is pretty big word.
Living standards are best todays, most peaceful time
Thank you to Greece, Serbia and Montenegro for helping us kick the ottomans out of the Balkans
"We know what to do about COVID, just give us funds
Trump-the-Clown and his advisers will soon accuse the reptilians of Sirius B for the problems American export faces and the budget deficit.
Even if the lady in the pic happens to be a lesbian, that doesn't stop her from caring about a right that primarily impacts straight women
From your southern neighbours, Bulgaria
"I want my president to do the worst job possible just to prove my point, because my ego is more important than 4-8 years of a good presidency"
I will drink to that bro
This simple sentence is what justify the "reforms are wanted" illusion, but that's not the truth : nobody asked for them
It certainly wasn't as bad as others of it's time, and "prison of nations" in fact was far more relevant for Russia.
And all these groups are far from marginal in Turkey
Don't think I would watch season 2.
In school they teach us that Bulgaria looks like a lion (it is the national symbol of the country)
Wow  , chukan here it's a verb,  like "hammered " "knocked " , it could be "fucked " as well , depends on the context
But it still works for me
Either way it looks good
We learn about it in Bulgaria, but not in huge detail, of course
[Ivana - Neshto netipichno]
That's what they want you to believe!
The first poll is in 1945 when literally half of the French population is supporting some kind of socialism but the second is in 1994, after the USSR itself had collapsed
(By far the more popular nowadays)
And still others were [literary made by hand] or manufactured once they captured land and wealth.
It's a "my only interactions and experiences with them were bad" thing
Macedonia closer to Vietnam than to Bulgaria lol.
And the fact that literally no English speaker even tries to do that is infuriating
Yet the same people then what reforms that make France greener,competitive,want higher wages, less tax but more social spending
And Briquit is not the end of the World.
The point is not whether states can legally leave but how malignant and un-ally-like it would be for the EU to openly encourage this.
This is the reason "black culture" exists, but white culture doesn't.
So the state instead plans years ahead and signs contracts for next year or the next few years that it can't pay today, but will based on tax revenue in the future.
Bulgarian mountains are amazing and looking massive as hell but the Carpathians are so much more edgy and feel a bit like the Alps
Russia will sell us the most expensive gas, try to conduct assassinations and destroy businesses, infiltrate the state and media, insult and belittle us
Are you okay with it
in the theatre
The leader party then Lutvi Mestan left the party and created DOST, trying to take part of DPS votes so now they fight for the same electorate - the turks in Bulgaria, DOST is the party supported by Ankara and DPS is the party supported by Moscow, both party leaders were ex-agents and have ties with the mafia, DOST having the votes from Turkey, so he is campaigning in Turkish which is forbidden by Bulgarian law, the two guys who are expelled are Turkish agents.
With such a system, how do you replace the iconic 'hey guys, I brought beer
We have the same tradition called “koleduvane” so it’s likely a remnant of a pre-christian era
Someone else said Portugal was first idk
I think if you have countries like Morocco and Algeria, then you should have all the countries in Northern Africa
And how do I sign up
We call it "duck language", and we add "па" (pá) to every syllable, in the beginning, I think
The sad thing is that this building got to lose most of its original self so abruptly
I have never seen a real gun firing - I've seen gas pistols and firework guns fire tho
How about Switzerland
Like a ready done essay for example
Yup, just came back to this concrete slum after spending 2 weeks in the Elena Balkan at my cousin's. Shit was magical, I can understand why they do it
The French government decided to abolish ISF and replace it with the tax on real estate (IFI)
I wish people would feel this comfortable and friendly even when they're not drunk
Europe is a colony to the great Brazilian super power
There will always be things to improve on Earth.
(Some are still used today as a homage)
Lol yeah right
There’s a certain portion of Bulgarian society that may answer with кой, which is who
This alliance makes no sense, but hey it's Erdogan...
I guess you'r not interested in admiting your provocation was not aimed at the correct type of person, as a mature adult would.
A potential threat does not give Turkey the right to invade and conquer parts of neighboring countries
Is there no police there
But damn, banning an entire academic field
You're already ahead in city life and mobility stuff, and you're still improving
Just read alot thats my tip
If you write by hand - you write in cursive.
According to polls we have more confidence in EU institutions than in our own here.
Same goes for washing machines.
Sure you can talk about how large their salaries are, but there arent that many, a LOT less than there are researchers
As a Bulgarian who resides abroad I am against any form of fascism and nazism as well as more than normal nationalism.
here in bulgaria we treat turkish immigrants like animals
Why so many
Next thing you'll tell how all humans treat each others in the same way.
You can find similar comments every time this ranking is posted
Found the 2% figure on the ONS [webiste!] They really should have put it with the whole report.
We will defeat the Americans!" and similar crap.
Isn't French still a lingua franca in some parts of Africa and the Middle East
Not talking about it can only help an employer to hire people on different wages for same or similar positions
Don't you see people are getting fed up with that issue a lot?
Yeah
There could be a great demand for biological researchers, but there might also be a great supply of biological researchers, so wages dont go above what companies or the government are willing to pay for them
Its pretty obvious that Czechia is dominating in production so yea.
In Bulgaria we also have an old bridge carrying this name:
33€ per month for Bulgaria
I believe that switching Ukraine and Russia's colors would be most accurate
Because I think Union wise it's Bulgaria, and overall its probably Macedonia or something
Imagine I posted Joey meme
I'm off to the Austrian Alps
Edit: forgot one word/letter
Macedonia (region)
Up is down and down is up
Big minus
If you don't - simply do not bother to post.
От уважение се пише на разбираемия за мнозинствто език. Това, за което говориш, са изключения, а не веднъж така/веднъж онака.
We don't keep in touch much, but I know where most of the best from our course are and neither of them is a teacher right now
There are a lot of cases of mayors or mid-ranking government officials getting tried but after a few years they're pronounced not guilty.
We both thought it was safe to be our R-rated selfs and talk shit all day long
The Crimea has been Russian since 1783.
Mandarin Chinese - I'm actually already learning this but I'm at a beginner level, so the effort lost wouldn't be much
Found it a bit pretentious
Now they better start looking to make a comprehensive deal with Trumplandia.
"Chief, should we attack with the fleet or the cavalry
[Here is a comment thread from reddit from the last time this was posted
And I sincerely hope that "soon to be Norway" isn't because you heard Americans call Scandinavia socialist, because you'll be very disappointed once you go there if that's the case
Grammar is rarely important
There are a lot of tourist paths of all difficulties in the mountains, pretty awesome views as well.
I’ve never drunk tap water in my life, actually, if we’re out of bottled, I would rather not drink even if I’m thirsty, than drink the disgusting tap water
I had to goole wtf is "repassage facile", lol
A train from Germany to Greece will be economically inept
Setiha se nai setne
P.S: You are better than the Netherlands
If there were big protests everywhere in solidarity with Ukraine and calls for the governments to do something, more would have been done
I also saw a dancing monkey once
It still does speak tons of current times and recent protests though, so it's iconic
It's... incredible
But planina I have no idea where it came from
3 to £335
Profit
Fifty-fifty at best, if assigning such a figure makes sense
"Russia" and "Ukraine" are monoliths, their people, their governments and their states all in one.
You don't just debunk something by saying that it's improbable.
You wish, ha
Is there a Bulgaria one
Yup
Including Morocco but not Bulgaria, fuck off Spain.
The only other non-folklore song I can think of that may come close to that is [Edna balgarska roza] by Pasha Hristova (A Bulgarian rose)
Uk wants to go on trading with EU as it is now
>People refusing to talk to you in stores there the moment they realize you're some low class
Works well
As someone who works as a full-time photographer and vintage camera dealer on the side, this is exciting news.
most of them are literally just "how do i", with nothing else added (top one is just "how") and then there's "how do I force a period", "how do I get pregnant", "how do I kiss"
But maybe North Macedonia
The latter usually happens when the old person who lives dies and then the apartment is inherited by 2-3 children who cannot decide on how to sell it or to rent it.
The Duma is effectively a rubber-stamp institution.
the problem is a) kids for many obvious reasons and b) people with mental gambling problems
Yup, [they are quite beyond] the Caspian Sea.
How would you describe the anti-irish and italian sentiment in the States.
And you worship Satan by choice.
There is no win-win situation, nor lose-win situation, it is lose-lose situation.
His reforms are seen as positive both by teachers,universities and business
If you are interested in a PHD you can take a look here: [
I'm for it as long as states get to keep a good amount of autonomy.
Half of the asym seekers aren't even Syrian even if they were we should build camps for them in countries near Syria,and help them there not in the EU
We like good BBQ and rakia just as much as they do.
What would far-left mean in terms of Spanish affairs
As opposed to wearing stuff that fits well.
Edit: or the revival period, from Istoriya Slavyanobulgarska (1762) to our "independence" in 1878
This is the Brexit thread i am posting.
They send money to their island.
Here's an old joke from Bulgaria:
If you can't fire employees that are bad, or make it very hard, overall a business will be slow in hiring new workers,especially youth workers
Mention North Macedonia and she'll get scary, trust me
But it does: better and faster connections increase (economic) mobility
I can confirm it is quite cold these days.
We've got 2 deaths, which means at least 1600 infected, ~50 confirmed now
Can not understand what you mean but if you think that rich countries do not benefit from the EU, i told you - you're free to move.
You can't expect me to not speak my mind and act like everything is all roses and sparkles so that I don't upset someone
He was right behind me when he did it
If you mean I should adjust for inflation, I'm already doing that.
I think these photos are from the Zheravna festival that happens annually (not counting 2020) in Bulgaria, where people all wear traditional dress that was typical for the 19th century
- A 403sqm house in the suburbs - [example]
Not everyone can become investment banker, accountant or financial consultant.
People thought that he is dumb and jokingly or not started saying to their kids not to even think about marrying their teachers
She is unapologetic about her stance as well as her experience of doing that in the role of secretary of state.
The Cyrillic was created after the brothers already died and their Bulgarian students named the new alphabet in honor of their teacher Cyril
Yes comrade, Russia doesn't have problem, Credit Suisse has problem.
No October Revolution - no Fascists and Nazis, no mass murder across Russia and Eastern Europe, no destruction of the entire region by Nazism and then Communism.
Ahh
I walked on the frozen waters without realizing just how beautiful the whole place is.
Others start in 6th grade to prepare for the exams in 7th grade
Evolution will take care of that.
Lies
Just imagine the possibility of Crimea becoming Ukranian and then Russian again.
especially considering that they are not reciprocating that solidarity
It's definitely not *that* common
Gyms are expensive and nobody got time to jog all day.
It doesn't matter if you are a nationalist, a communist, liberal, conservative, isolationist or globalist
Have faith brother, it was the same in Bulgaria but people really started oppening up to Board Games in recent years
Your concerns are completely deranged.
But we have many heroes in our history:
There are rumors spreading in the internet about that matter.
Marriage name (I don't know how to call it) - It's optional and it's appended to the last name using a dash
His stories about scorpions fucking *everywhere* have inspired me to check my shoes for arachnids before I put them on to this day
At the end of the war we had more territory
We don't seem to disagree here.
Always expected Trump to be much more of a populist, than to follow his words, but optimism seems to have blinded me.
It's history after all
Only fucked things up more during his two mandates, especially during the second one.
It’s far superior in every way - it’s more central than Sofia ended up to be after the wars
It's a bit odd for when foreigners get documents here because middle names don't exist here - we only have patronyms
Or should we join the glorious Putin's federation?
Dude, there is so much unnoticed beauty around us and places where we live.
The city is located on the two hills, separated by a river, it's a steep walk around the centre and it's best to visit it in the spring and summer, because everything around the city is green and due to the hilly character of the city forests around the city are visible and it is just so lush, green and calm
There are also hamali (movers) - firms, specialised in moving heavy stuff
Ofc Bulgaria
It was/is a big deal because the new party targets the electorate of DPS - Bulgarian Turks, so if they managed to steal their vote or at least cut it into two, it would be a power shift from people closer to Russia to people closer to Turkey.
The Russian people and the Bulgarian people never forget their connection and the love for each other
the election of a pro-russian president in Bulgaria had something to do with it and perhaps the ''we are both orthodox and slavs''
It wasn't always the case and it change quite fast
&#x200B;
They cannot be part of the same security alliance.
If anything I would argue that there is just as big of an amount of British people proud of the British Empire as there are Italian people proud of the Roman Empire and Greek people proud of Ancient Greece
[Kovachevitsa]
Without him, I could probably return to Russia and not be afraid for my kids anymore (queer family)
Not about my country (since it's already mentioned) but there are legitimately far right people that believe Sweden is inundated with refugees and immigrants of Islamic persuasion who are so unruly that Sweden has turned into a "war zone" and that there are actual "no go zones" in various cities
>Look, I don't think NATO is some bloodthirsty behemoth without any impulse control, and there is obviously a defensive component to the whole thing, but that's not all there is
The map compares total GDP and you're a pretty big country.
But I'm pretty sure French was used in that part of the world much like we currently use English, I'm just not sure when exactly it changed
I forget sometimes you have them as a tradition too
You guys have a dope ass country and flag
Someone should make a the same map but for different underdeveloped and autocratic countries
It was supposed to be a joke and I suspect I've spent much less time looking into the issue than you have.
he's the foreign exchange student that can't stop bragging with things that have clearly never happened
Everything is very expensive, and unless you're rich you're going to live in a distant grey suburb with an hour+ commute.
Nowadays English, German, French and Spanish are the most popular second and third language
They blame the Nazis for their problem while their entire country is going to shit
I couldn't keep up
They were guerilla fighters during Ottoman times
Most of them didn't even have Roman citizenship until The Edict of Caracala in 212 AD
Wow
Sofia (our capital) is Greek for "wisdom", and given this is the place where our politicians reside I find this the last place I would attribute any descriptor for intelligence
How do you dare telling her that she's beautiful (has beautiful eyes)!
Smith)|
Looks neat
If we kept summer time, in the winter it would be dark until 9:00-10:00 which will make getting out of bed ever more difficult for most people, it is just not natural to get up 3 hours BEFORE sunrise
We spend a lot of time on the battles against the Byzantines and the period before the Ottoman invasion.
Most of then don't have a primary role, but actually help bind sentences, add stuff when stating things or show the position of someone/something
We'll be glad to have you back
And sorry to say it, don't bash me with stones, Swedes, but Copenhagen is 20 minutes with a train so that's a huge plus, because Copenhagen is gorgeous
And what about the Balkan peninsula?
[Hillary should have hired a better maymay team.]
This is their national broadcaster
If you want to get in a good university with a good bach, some start going to lessons as early as 9th or 10th grade
[Most probable reaction from a Bulgarian]
Yeah
Well you freed us
о боже....
Corruption and our тарикатлък is a sickness that plagues every single bit of our beautiful country and you never know when it will ruin your life
The list is very long of poets, writers, painters, clergymen, generals, prime ministers, many
Plovdiv
Houses follow the same rule
Where are you from if it's real?
Likewise, parents here will bleed themselves dry to help their children financially
I’d say Vasil Levski
I know Dutch people who moved out in their early teens 16ish
You don't understand it because americans have some perpetual fear of the government.
Worked well for social purposes.
While I makes business sense, perhaps, it doesn't work out well for human beings.
This was done by Bulgarian nationals who likely do not have a Turkish citizenship.
There is no sentiment for muslims around Europe and EU has much bigger problems now than supporting one of the parties in Bosnia.
Idk about the others but no way Italians or the French have such high percentages
That is funny, I dislike what I have came to associate with feminism quite strongly but reproductive rights is the one and only social cause I fully subscribe to.
We have expressions like "не ми пука" ([it] doesn't pop on/with/whatever me) or "не ми дреме" ([it] (presumably the problem) isn't napping on me)
The whole point of my example ties into the way Americans approach foreign subjects though
The news outlets gave her so much free coverage, and disparaged Bernie on every step.
I really like this for some reason can you make more in this style
It means something like go to fuck yourself but it's used to refer to some distant place where one has no business
Last year they had a drought and new pipes were layed from some other water source
If it did not worth saving the Euro, nobody wouldn't care to save those countries and their financial systems.
No integrity of any sort being assumed.
And no, it's not the tracksuits lol
Basically they add pumps to their wells.
Palpatine: Ironic
60€) whitout discount ( 50% off for school and uni
They are not
Once everyone moved to the cities people’s lifestyle changed and they now had 1-2 children max
They want reforms in healthcare, schools and in law enforcement, and probably do some, but these reforms will be only on surface.
If these progressives refuse to accept the threat these economic migrants pose then their only place is in the annals of history.
I am very thankful that i was lucky enough to be born into a caring family with strict and firm dedication to my upbringing, which shaped me as a person.
People usually build more floors/rooms than they themselves need, so that there's enough space for their children's family.
I'd say we tried our best to cosplay as Rome
On theory it is secret election.
If the season is right this will be the first
Ahaa...Scania is the English name for Skane, now forgive my ignorance, but where in Europe that state is located?
For example, Sergei Stanishev, a former prime minister who was born in Kherson (today in Ukraine, then in the USSR), got a lot of flak for retaining Russian citizenship and not even acquiring Bulgarian citizenship until he was thirty
As in "divine entity", "fate", "karma", "meaning of life".
They can't live without a nation to support them.
* *bready red;*
If you had sent them physical goods like food (not that they need it) or medical equipment wouldn't that be aid
May i ask why wouldn't i use the world socialist inflamatory when it fits someone or he is a self-described one?
Point to me a conflict like that in the last 20-30 even 40 years where the United states invaded it's neighbour because they were going to sign an economic treaty with a different union
When you're a tourist you'll generally see off peak traffic which is more orderly
Now is the right time Spain to do something to regain control of Gibraltar.
The US has a culture of overconsumption.
The process is subtle, but in the end it is absolute
We should safeguard our interests, not China or the US.
Bulgaria is a beautiful country and I admire the resilience and fortitude of the people here
As far as I'm concerned, corruption levels in Bulgaria remain unchanged.
Commonly referred to as a "princessa" but some parts of the country call it a "strandjanka". This is a topic of debate and heated argument, whether they are different, how so, and which is correct
And now Erdogan is complaining because some turkish people weren't allowed in Bulgaria.
Will go out in a while, it is windy today though.
Scientifically Europe is not a continent.
I am telling you - FOX news saw the parallel with trump's border practices
We have a first name, father's name as a middle one, and a family name from the dad's side again
1 - Byzantium/Greece - our relation with them for some solid 350 years was 'war/short peace/war'. Bulgaria was also conquered by the Byzantines for about 150 years
Well for USA every male in the regions they bomb in Yemen which is over 16 years old is a terrorst, it's a bit far fetched don't you think.
No, they're people of their word
So sad we have to sacrifice this to make a profit for some company
I doubt that Bulgaria & Romania are in the same category
They had to rewrite their history according to how Bulgaria views it
Yes, we have [bgmaps] картата в BG Maps:"
Are Easterners still sympathetic towards the Westerners?
We are a bit scared that with ongoing rise of populism and nationalism EU may break up.
Kawaii of the highest level
The article will say "Bulgarians/Romanians doing X or Y"  and show pictures of gypsies and so that's where the association comes from
Yep, anyone who cries like a baby when someone provides valid information not to his liking or seeks to silence people.
The truth is nobody gives a fuck.
I guess it's 15-16 for the boys.
I don't want our nation to divide any more than it already is, as much of a cost on us as they are
By the location I guess it's temperatures measured on mountain peaks like Musala in Rila and Vihren in Pirin Mountains
He does dictate the foreign relations of the US.
Julius Caesar was a very complex and controversial figure, there is really no need to fully trust any single historian's view on the matter
Sorry, I didn't phrase that right
The truth is that GERB failed the election themselves.
What do you mean by a stress accent?
This way I have friends who are funny in English, but they're fucking *hilarious* in Bulgarian
Imagine the view from up there
One of our king dynasties ended via castration
Well, the topic about the 500 year rule of the Ottoman Empire is controversial on its own, as Bulgarians are taught in school that we were in a slavery, while it was more of a...
Alright, thanks for the info
I want the commission president to be elected directly
Still there is not enough records found in the archives to describe those processes and actions in details.
Das sage ich aus eigener Erfahrung
Hopefully invoking A50 will happen soon, and negotiations will not take a century.
One of my Finnish friend claims that Swedes call Finland "Sweden's retarded little brother".
I do not really understand why you only refer to SD supporters in this topic.
After that I prefer busses/planes/cars etc
I imagine it'd be very hard to integrate them without some very
It's honestly staggering how many people died, and how many weren't even born as a result of that
Fucked up immigration policies and threatening to ruin relationships with major political powers is bad
And why should it be the greatest jet ever built?
Needless to say, it was funny to see those Swiss Rolex shop workers approaching courteously a bunch of kids with ragged backpacks and faces full of wonder
Why not invest that money to increase productivity and trigger more growth?
And lack of money
What
Well you learn something new everyday!
well, you keep don't liking each other :)
Don't be naive, they were closing their eyes.
You've had 15 terrorist attacks just in the past 3 years, man
The only flag in Europe which doesn't trigger nationalism and warlike thoughts.
Way more popular compared to green olives
So, sadly, seems part of the culture in some circles there
It won't be the same, as non-EU countries currently don't require any kind of visa
What folders
The people of the Netherlands will save Bangladesh one day
Hate those gays haha they're the worst I totally hate them
The important aspect which we should consider is how people act upon those ideas.
My first thought is "he's like me, he's European".
Fucking Soros ruining the beautiful Hungarian beaches too
bg] and [Dnevnik
Geography, selective immigration policy and lack of distinct identity.
* We call diapers "pampersi" after the Pampers brand;
"Shkembe chorba" is tripe soup - local classic
Literal goat maybe
I also know Dutch people who pay rent to their parents since their 14s. Meanwhile in Bulgaria 30 and still with your parents is relatively common
But not if it's the one attacking
Homosexuality as in marriage or cohabitation is NOT legal in Bulgaria
And yes, this is done in the freezing cold waters of January, though it is considered to be done for health
Man I read it and I think of Sofia - same problems, high pollution, exact same resons - just the numbers are bigger (around 2million people in the city and over 500 000 cars, again - corrupt emission checks, forrest chopped for firewood, people burning whatever they find.
It all started somewhere in the 1800s and was popularized by retail companies etc
I've literally been to Venice and didn't even know it was an island until now
And, since this Thursday is also a major Orthodox Christian holiday (6th May - St
From personal experience: Alexander Nevski cathedral is better than any of the orthodox churches I have seen in Belgrade, NDK is one of the most intersting brutalist structures you can see anywhere and there are some interesting hotels like Arena Serdika in Sofia where you literally have city ruins to check in the hotel's lobby.
In my city we can't have a metro because every time they start digging they find something considered heritage and can't keep going
When I vote, it's mostly the least bad choice
Could he be the bad guy and not his family as he claims
Makes you wonder what's going on in the heads of those 50% Erdogan supporters.
You realize that there are people for NATO and those who are against it, right?
We have to learn it by heart in elementary school and if you don't know all its words your patriotic grandfather can become very disappointed
Interestingly emough, police are also protesting, demanding higher salaries
Same for State Security (Secret Services) membership.
You are given 3 answers: "Do you believe in god?", "Do you believe of some spirit or life force?" and "Neither".
4 million
Which is non-navigable and whose main effect is to worsen the local climate - already worse than Sofia
I emphatically and vehemently disagree with such attitude
My guess is that it would all kick off before anyone questioned what had just happened.
Do you think many will comment?
This idiot is making our entire country look bad
Yeah, i can totally agree with you
Turkish troops are in Syria without any invitation or UN resolution.
UK becoming a tax paradise after leaving the EU was predicted more than 2 years ago.
Later when the communists took over and we were buddying up with the Russians, this relative went together with 500000 of his country men to fight the nazis all the way to Vienna, though he was on a detachment that only reached as far as Hungary before the war was over
4)Greece - not the country but their culture and Orthodox Christianity, a bit like a continuation of the Byzantines
He could be making last deals, could be looking for someone to replace them, find a way to make sure he isn't prosecuted
This graph looks like it was made by an amateur.
Ah, the toddlers these days
That's not debunking, that's speculating it's unlikely the US would be able to get the information.
They can do whatever they want
An APP
Now devide the money for agriculture estonia gets per person.
I don't know many deeply religious peoples in my country but the few that I know are very involved with various kind of charities, community organizations, nature preserving and non have denied science or hold really conservative values
Idiot Turks voted him in
Thanks for the original comment, top notch contribution.
That's insane
) can actually do more than open a browser or make a presentation
What are you talking about, tovarish?
disbelief
Most importantly though the benefits of the Single Market for everyone are much bigger than EU budget contributions
But I'm pretty sure French was used in that part of the world much like we currently use English, I'm just not sure when exactly it changed
In fact i leaned american english, not the british version.
I don't think you're getting anything
In your delusional thoughts you imagine Britain to lead a new free trade agreement with several relatively wealthy European countries.
How is it in your countries, or it depends of the household?
There are those things at Bulgarian tables too but we don't care lol
I had to zoom in to find the monastery.
Reasons being many - it is now cheaper to study abroad than before and also diplomas which you get from Bulgaria are now recognised in all of EU which wasn't the case before.
Your edit doesn't correct your biggest mistake - that the English name is somehow the official one
Great for our neighbor Serbia, my country (Bulgaria) is next
Article is too long, so while reading it, one can lose the main thoughts and thread.
3rd one is "how do I know if I have magic"
However you might also want to try looking for a US company offering a remote position...
Dude you guys are our brothers
If they do why do they still let immigrants from Iraq, Syria , Somalia, Afganistan and Nigeria into the EU?
He's a member of the British government not a member of any EU institution.
My absolute favourite was role playing Blake's 7 which due to some magic had made it through the Iron Curtain
Well, not knowing and hating seem to go hand to hand.
The fifth party is some ex mafia guy who sells cheap medicine and cheap oil so people like him, he has no positions is backed in the dark by GERB and is going to support GERB
I posted a link to the page where you can find more photos in a comment a bit higher in the thread
The second time he resigned because Rumen Radev won the presidential elections not because of protests
I know it's politics but just why
Moon - Луна - Luna (feminine)
He wouldn't send his wife to work.
Percentage growth is easier when you are starting from a lower base.
[This here] is the most grandiose thing we have
Bulgaria and Romania also have the largest percentage of gypsies in Europe.
You're going down the Weimar path and I assume you know what happened at the end of it
There's nothing wrong with Ukraine either.
The same Chechens who drove out all Russians out of their republic and now run it practically as an independent country with generous subsidies
Sometimes more or if I leave at 17 30
They still exist, unlike Nokia's smartphone division
Ideally, I would like it to be a gradual transition over a month (say, 15mins per week) instead of the sudden 1 hour jerk, so people wouldn't feel it, but it's still better than the alternatives
Osijek is evaporated
Why the fuck is she an UN embassador?
But if you break it into "Hayde" meaning Let's and "Mir" meaning Peace in Bulgarian it could be interpreted as "Let's have peace", however I highly doubt that's where the name comes from.
I agree, we can't even blame any politicians for how we fucked this up, we voted for it just because it's something new, despite having no idea what it leads to.
Isn't French still a lingua franca in some parts of Africa and the Middle East
Everything you're using right now is a product of competition
If that happens it usually a sign you’re in for a more amusing and or frustrating call
For the second, it was claimed that the documents had not been submitted in time and it ought not be considered
But it is very rarely used
You need it to make it easier to start a business in France
Well, people in Europe are much more worried about all the refugee problems and terrorist attacks than your Brequit.
Not including modern day North Macedonia which basically split from Bulgaria in the early 20th century the list would be
the Brits have been telling us for 10 years now how the EU is failing, and the EZ is failing, and it will all collapse in the next 2 weeks...
It is completely different from other varieties of yoghurt I've eaten abroad and has a sacred place in my heart
For example, Georgi Pirinski was a candidate for president in 1996, until the Constitutional court ruled him ineligible, because at the time (1948) those born abroad were Bulgarian citizens by birth either if both of their parents were Bulgarian citizens or they did not gain another citizenship by birth
* маймунско а (maymunsko a) - “monkey a”
Not everyone gets this intense English year though, I think.
Okey let's just say we and romania are super corrupt like top tier corrupt
Most normal/ typical - any town in and around the Balkan mountains (Kazanlak, Koprivshtica, Gabrovo, etc
\>  A German court refuses to extradite a German citizen
Absolutely no Sex Ed
Ivan's day and is a nameday for a lot of people so many celebrate that instead.
Cyrillic is based predominantly on the Greek alphabet with some augmentations by the Glagolitic alphabet
> Countries were forced to participate, including Greece
the region’s right-wing populist wave
* **Dimitrov Constitution** \- enacted in 1947 and named after the National traitor and butcher Georgi Dimitrov, this Constitution defined Bulgaria as a "Pеople's Republic" with pseudo democracy;
Researched greek name - vakaliaros or something.
Ha ha ha, you got the same tradition in Transylvania?
Definately Serbia
One of these is not like the others
The three ways of saying it are almost the same, but have a slight difference
In spite of the pandemic
At all
Pretty much every bbq here is more of a *grill* than a bbq
Are you living under a rock that you are unaware of how widely colonialism is discussed and criticised all over the world?
And btw what is FT
And you were only allowed to spend the money for buying things in your friend's supermarket
Well, the Bulgarian "Коледа" (Christmas) [literally comes from]Рождество_Христово) the Latin "calendae".
Maia the bee, was quite popular in Bulgaria back in time.
My guess is Serbia supports the Serbian entity within Bosnia now, even though Serbia proper is not in good economical and financial state.
Even better with a grated cucumber
A lot of countries have that dish not just Greece
I've seen more than 3 documentaries on WW2, I am practically a general now.
Lol didn't even try Bulgarian :(
I haven't really had too much cheese besides string cheese and that orange shredded cheese
According to the current Constitution, a Constitutional ammendment is allowed to be done by Parliament if 3/4 of all MPs approve the ammendment via the voting in of a Constitutional Ammendment Act
I do not think it is the place of a NATO general, as he claims to be, to defend the Russian occupation of Crimea.
I'm from central-west)
Most are either homegrown or from neighbouring countries
There's a street in your capital named after one of our national heroes and I bet there's more
Please do it as quickly as possible.
:/ We would colonise Mars before Monday.
Huh...never heard of the person with the most popular twitter account in Bulgaria!
Spain, Portugal, Italy, IRELAND for christ sake are at the top of acceptance and you think they are not religious?
Honestly I think that's too low.
- A large 150sqm flat in the most expensive areas - [example]
If turnout is high, especially in Sofia, smaller parties could get a big boost.
>“The reform introduced the fact that the criteria used to select students is going to be based on the marks of their last years of high school, on their motivation and teacher’s opinions, and not at all on the baccalaureat,”
* Svetomil(a)
It would also remove another buffer zone between the EU/NATO and Russia.
What's the problem with them not learning Romanian
I like how the author forgot to take footage from the rest 90% of Sofia which is tragic (the rest of the city, not the lack of footage from it).
You guys aren't that special
For the third time they did get "reformed", just not in the same way.
Here to travel with train is the cheapest,  but also slowest transportation,  I personally enjoy it , there are a lot of people hating it . So,  for example one way ticket from Sofia to Plovdiv (around 160km
Would Russians still support Putin if they had everyday news about the corruption he engages in or the failure of some of his policies?
Unbelievable prostitutes, great prostitutes.
Major difference is they actually stood up against what they felt as injustice while we just carry on carrying on.
That's a terrible translation, just fyi.
I will save that for future use.
American one is really strong, and one can not swallow the saliva.
And ended up being memed instead
The sad part is that even these jokes give her more credit, than she has
What pro rich reforms
See they got the word Great in their name.
Like, say, 5-8 grade we'd learn only about Bulgarian history and relations with our neighbors (eg
A progressive tax system for companies is good news, and some workers rights are absurd or badly made
This is actually not what Bulgaria's problem is, the fear is that other countries will form a closer union without allowing us in, making us an unequal member state
Some prime examples of emberassing songs(but still very popular that we all listen to) include [Azis-Sen Trope] and [Azis-Ledena Kralica]
If you ask our ruling party and the majority of their voters, this ranking and especially our glorious 111th position is a fabrication of the West because they hate Bulgaria and are jealous of the progress we've had
Came for the Balkan shit show.
Never let a good crisis go to waste.
No it shouldn't. Trains are far more efficient for passenger transport than buses, let alone a car
Thank you
I like that they aren't fanatical like those in the middle east.
And in fact half the message is about the US
Now that's a planetary disaster.
> Not using clacson
Meanwhile Russia and Mexico are irrelevant when talking about good places for investment.
Thirdly, both countries have pretty low levels of inequality and don't really need to do wealth redistribution in huge amount.
We are pretty proud with our rose industry here in Bulgaria
Apart from that, I was happy I did it because I got to be a mentee judge in high school and it was a really cool experience
I agree, I said the same thing here:
I'm not sure I can give you percentages, but he owns a huge chain of kiosks that sell his media along with cigarettes, chocolate bars, lottery tickets, etc.
No, i haven't seen anti-British sentiment before all the special deals Cemeron ( not sure for the spelling ) wanted to make with the EU.
For example, "пивоварна/pivovarna" means brewery
6% in favor (yeah right) and made a communist/Soviet puppet state, but some people say they liberated us, like wtf again
I'm curious, which are those countries that you feel would instigate an international scandal because a low-level employee wanted a bribe
Make sense though
No, they are not asking for it.
I feel like there's definitely a predominant *Casual Christian* attitude, and going against that norm will certainly ruffle some feathers
Here we have this thing called Name days, it is as the name suggests - a celebration of your name
I mean, the government has basically forgotten everything outside of Sofia.
For example I've never seen as much disagreement as I've seen inside the Tories and Labor in regards to Brexit
I've been to Hungary and I feel uncomfortable not knowing what's written, what's said and so on.
That person can cause millions of times more damage than a terrorist could.
That's why people are protesting
What about Malta with their 1%?
Depending on the country in Europe, there is more importance put on nationality/class/culture or even religion than race.
One of the few people who understood the real situation in the world and contradicted the whole "omg we are so miserable, everything is going to shit, the middle ages were so much better".
Like give me a link to the specific document
> But it's still not the EUs faut
So, I imagine most people feel safe here, which is nice
For below 300k profits the tax rate is 19% for the UK
Anyway the fact that most Americans didn't think Trump was bad enough to warrant voting against him is proof that bad publicity is good publicity.
Ask Ukraine why a foreign army is escalating the war they started inside Ukraine?
The fact that he is loyal to Turkey should be reason enough to change his flair.
That is why I said most and not all.
This is a comparison between hypothetical situations and which one we should be trying to reach
It does screw with when you want to wake up and do things and when you feel the day is done.
That's why i wrote that you entire security, lives and territory depends theoretically and practically on the whims of someone in the Kremlin.
It helps with tourism tho
Where you come from is not a criteria
Rakia, a strong fruit brandy, with more of a kick than flavour
Whether you think you could possibly justify them, my point is Muslim leaders, some of which are real snowflakes, have a lot of reasons to be angry with what China is doing
> corrupt ass oligarchy
Turkey probably has at least another few hidden away undiscovered yet
So in moment of panic those people give away all their savings ! its heathbreaking story
North Macedonia
Sunny Beach in Bulgaria
Only rarely, Bulgarian is too much of a phonetic language
You son of a...
Bulgaria to Receive 210 Million Euro in 2014-2021 from EEA, Norway Grants
Cause as far as i know, cats can not use any human language to communicate with us.
Some prime examples of emberassing songs(but still very popular that we all listen to) include [Azis-Sen Trope] and [Azis-Ledena Kralica]
Though I remember couple of years ago temperatures of -35.
" by a man checking my passport
Funnily enough, a Bulgarian writer from the 19th century named Ivan Bogorov wrote about purism
Same in Bulgaria
Russia would obviously profit from having goodwill in its neighbourhood.
On the 2nd of January 2021, I definitely see something like this, especially if they leave with no FTA negotiated
In Bulgaria we watch Home alone thruought the whole month
Its all about the scale and the presentation does show that very well.
Title is editorialized, and nowhere in the article does it say that.
Think "Auld Lang Syne" popularity
I walk my dog with them on sometimes
I wish I could just get all of those Gwent missions to just move to the failed list and get out of the way
It's a fake editted post regarding how the US is a 3rd world country that has irony in it because it basically admits that students do travel to the US(making it not so much a 3rd world country) rather than staying in Norway
The bigger regional cities are closed, you can't go to the park and people overall follow restrictions and social distance
Evil siblings abounded and they were usually fine with their brother/sister being killed, which was frequently paid back to them with little hesitation
On other hand we do have a traditional dessert for Christmas Eve called [тиквеник] basically filo pastry with pumpkin.
You really like to shitpost here, don't you.
Drop a few nukes on Paris and see the whole France disintegrate
Do you feel like society is getting more accepting
Probably the best phone i've ever bought.
I'm my country you'd be switching people without a job with people without a job so not much would change really
Now i use e-cigarette and feel a lot better.
And told me that I was in denial and I was just pretending by saying that I don't speak nor I understand Russian because I have never studied it in my life
I don't care what anyone says
Pretty weak reading comprehension.
The UK is lumped with the EU and EFTA, because until the 31
Assassin's Creed IV: Black Flag, Assassin's Creed Rogue, Tropico 3-5, Surviving Mars, Phoenix Point and Total War Saga: Troy
Which is non-navigable and whose main effect is to worsen the local climate - already worse than Sofia
I don't know if this counts but men do get 15 days paternity leave, from the day the mother of your child is discharged from the hospital
Something's fishy with at least one of the two maps.
If i say "you can't protect your family from this suicide bomber" my statement is equally correct regardless if you answer "but this will kill the bomber as well".
Just scroll up and see on how many occasions you and your fellows typed that.
Most Bulgarian Turks have been completely Bulgarianized and are not loyal to Turkey, actually.
Game of Thrones Season 14
Nonetheless the Asen brothers created an uprising and we were free again
In an ever steady incline since we were robbed blind by our own politicians during the change
You have been made moderator of r/Serbia
That sucks
Yeah
When has she taken steps to resolve a major issue before it becomes a problem?
The EU can't do much when besieged by other crises and when people don't want confrontation with Russia in the interest of "stability".
Shut the fuck up
An absolutist, militarist Poland wouldn't have problems with small Prussia and Austria, but it would still have with rising Russia, so pushing as far East as possible is the only thing it could've done.
If by nobody you mean 80% of people over 60 and a surprising amount of young people who don't remember Communism...
I know that Belgium has administrative division, based on ethnicity with each divisin having their own government and Brussels had this weird division as well
I used to smoke, now i use electronic cigarette and i inhale vapor.
We call it Viena
Happy Europe Day, amigos
So for me it's very foreign thing - I know basic rule but I have zero inner feeling of the concept
I lived with my parents until I was 24, during Uni and about 2 years of working
That's meant to be like a thank you :P just sounds more severe, but I guess that's typical for our people
London has over twice the population Berlin has so if you look at it per capita Berlin has more theaters and museums, almost as much airports and universities (and with London being younger as you said it would need more universities) and a bigger ecosystem (by # of startups and value).
German, Italian, Spanish, but Bulgarian gypsies.)
|General studies (sciences, law, history, linguistics etc
Sofia-Varna (520km, 8h travel time) with a sleeping coach (there are options to reserve a cabin for 1-3 people) is €17, about 10euro with a discount card
Great movie
It's simply the worst possible fix
Nationalism is the support and an undying love for your own people.
Tyrol and Vorarlberg and what was the name of the other western region?
No, sometimes justice is about *dealing justice*, not just a pragmatic rehabilitation of criminals.
Ours would too if we had enough testing capacity
All kinds of stray animals in Sofia, mostly cats
I'd definitely say roses
politico.eu- where political journalism is rolling in its grave.
After two years of secret digging, the army suddenly canceled the project and poured tonnes of concrete in the hole to seal it and the plot of land where the hole is, is now government property
Geographically the mainland yeah it is but usually Greece included with the rest of Mediterraneans like Italy and Spain
I pay 5 euro for 100 mbps LOL
Around my circles there were two startups that started practically at the same time, fixing the same issue.
I am the most tolerant person you will meet but i still fucking loathe them
As far as I know they still have freedom of movement and incorporate most EU laws so Brexiters shouldn't be satisfied with that.
First of all you call someone nationalist who has left his homecountry years ago and lives in his hostcountry full time excluding holidays.
You need a good and fair education system first
There are sane voices like the one in the video saying there's indeed much wrong going on in Sweden due to the migration and i believe they have the right to be heard over all the shouting against Trump and other such populists.
I am not exaggerating, just a couple of days ago i read another article of a couple,
There is no law for social housing
You know what, you suck at roadwork, your side of that god damn bridge took you years to renovate, so many wasted hours there.
Yes they would
You can even drink in the car here as long as you are not the driver
However many the indigenous population of that country wants.
Весела Коледа!
Actually there are far more riots in more tax-heavy and wellfare leaning Brazil than in very anti-tax, unequal, extremely anti-wellfare Chile.
It's weird when I see a British person, for example, say it the same way now tho
Respect
In 2013 Poland got 16 billion euros and in 2015 13 billion euros, with a smaller population than West Germany and in just one year while the $12 billion was over four.
да се изтропам (da se iztropam) - to knock myself
If he didn’t have family to help support him, he wouldn’t be able to pay his bills
Or something
The Yellow vest supposed(as said by the BBC) demand to decrease entry requirements is backwards
" - oral sex
Sun - Слънце - Slance/Slunce (neutral)
You guys are tougher than I can ever be
05, is a day off because of 01
Well we should keep them forever then, shouldn't we?
However, history repeats itself and it's really easy to see through some of the populist parties rising in Europe, especially if you look from another country.
Harsh
Many villages disappear every year because the young people either go to the bigger cities or work abroad because there’s no money to be made in the villages and the elderly don’t usually live to a ripe old age
I'm sorry, you brought this on yourself
The true Mediterranean experience
One the last two days we have had actual nice weather
And we beat you at football
Rakia
In WW2 we side again with Germany for another opportunity to hit back those that screwed us before and get back some land.
It is Crocus of a sort, which i believe is wild Crocus Sativus, even though i am not sure.
Source : Bulgarian
I may get the incorrect reasons why you guys complain a lot, but in my point of view - state spoiled you.
Did not have a problem bringing my partner over, as long as you were quite and respectful, it's all good
If anything, the Russian annexation of Crimea, while also wrong, was more legitimate than your annexation of Cyprus.
Her family moved to Canada when she was 2-year-old-girl.
It still does speak tons of current times and recent protests though, so it's iconic
this should go in r/mildlypenis
Sun is neuter, Moon is feminine
No such thing as a "Macedonian slav" existed on a national identity basis, only regional one, same as the regional identities within Bulgaria, Serbia or Greece.
However if you get it with the lowest TV package which separately costs 10 BGN it's still 40 BGN total so I get the internet for 30 and the TV for 10 either way
That's a total growth of 10% if we read it the same way we read European data.
This was supposed to be done last year already
Nothing says communism better then using tanks against your own people
Both practiced slavery whenever every democracy of their time did as well.
Dude do you even have the smallest idea just how many pakis and afghans are storming the borders.
They went into deep shit because they were overspending for decades.
So it's not only us then
Well obviously, it can't happen too much, but you can't keep a sub with so much heated conversations purely serious.
But yeah, it's not very prestigious
[This guy - our ex Prime-Minister Boiko Borisov]
A ridiculous amount
Similar, but not the same, Bulgarian такова (standalone it can be something like "like that")
Actually in the teaching courses for the classes the history classes and literature classes do follow the same path
Sure...just when they go to the States they work like dogs.
If they are arrested in Bulgaria and sent back to Germany there is a good chance victims will testify and they will be convicted
The most beautiful sounding language is, undoubtedly, the one the person you love is using to speak to you
Some Brits posted their hopes for Norway and other countries leaving the single market.
EU as entity is larger than the US, hence Americans can not execute their power over it in trade.
For example the tap water in Sofia is really good but the water in Plovdiv isn't and you have to drink bottled water, or you live in Pernik and have no water
- Sofians are on average much more liberal than the average Bulgarian
The people shall exercise this power directly and through the bodies established by this Constitution
There's also a verb with it, although it's (fortunately) not as common - Може ли да направиш Ксерокс на този лист? - "Can you make a Xerox of this paper sheet
Because it is not EU job to do something about this.
More Brits have heard of Bulgaria than Ireland
Can I really
YOU DON'T TOUCH THE MEMES
This is some fairytale shit
Eh Bulgaria has the cheapest booze but same goes for salaries
Russia has no chance in invading Europe with or without the States.
Its a political show like any other contest of similar kind.
As far as i know Bulgaria and our minorities so far live a peaceful life, and no separation tendencies throughout the country have been detected.
Crimeans never wanted to be part of Ukraine they were given as a gift by some crazy Soviet Union leader.
I personally think Nazi and communist glorifing regime shit should be censored
Literature should be mandatory because the culture of our civilization is kept in literature, and not just Bulgarian literature, but literature in general - Homer's works, Don Quixote, Shakespeare etc
Umm no, I'm pretty sure we are more corrupt than you.
Anyone would take advantage of weak position and try to carve out as much as possible for his own interest.
Hahahaha, best advantage EVER
The corporate media not so much lies as they twist or omit the truth.
My post is in the hypothetical.
It has alienated not just Latvia but pretty much everyone.
It won't be the same, as non-EU countries currently don't require any kind of visa
Literally, runaway bride, in the wedding dress, a few hours before the service
We have literally nothing in common with Turks.
Stalin approved
Now this is a real protest
This is what I meant by "growing identity".
Do you think a dwarf can dictate to Goliath?
Brussels, Skopje and Bucharest are also up there - sorry, my fellow neighbors
> 90% of the material is useless filler from communist times
And we use chao pronoused as the Italian hello - ciao , in Bulgarian mean Bye
National palace of culture is glorious building comrade.
Greece was bankrupt long before refugee crisis started.
They are architecturally ugly and do nothing except divide the population
Dictatorship is also a great system if you have a benevolent leader, but what if someone like Al Baghdadi becomes the caliph.
There is also the cultural differences as you mention.
Remember the song Spanish Sahara by Foals
It's the reality that has become painfully obvious across Europe in the past 40 years.
Which happens quite often these days, especially when talking of "banksters", and to me just seems like ignorance of the sorts it would be to call your toaster "immoral".
It is implied
A person who produces, displays, presents, broadcasts, distributes, sells, rents or otherwise circulates a pornographic material, shall be punished by imprisonment of up to one year and a fine from BGN 1,000 to 3,000
This is what a growing identity is about
I'm not sure it's in other countries, but here it made a great success the first Black Fridays, though there are some controversies with the website - they had a fine for almost 2.5 million euros.
If the country joins the EU, will that status be formalized by fast-tracking the country's entry into the eurozone, or will it have to go through the same procedures other EU members need to go through before entering the single currency?
They are thoroughly Capitalist and exactly an example of what the guy above advises the rest of Europe to embrace.
So in effect that's precisely what they were sayin - we want "white" people - i.e.
Try telling this to a Greek that Ancient Greece has nothing in common with modern Greece :)
Might as well not try
Well someone has to be the black sheep, and we fit that role pretty well
I was really lucky to have good foreign teachers and history teachers who were adamant on approaching history critically
Love you guys; so happy I returned home this month and was able to take part in these
Our foreign policy leans mostly towards the EU and NATO, while Serbia is much closer to Russia
We won't be having quite the same growth until we begin rooting out corruption with the efficiency Romania has.
Please provide examples of the opposite.
Popular vote doesn't matter in electoral election, why people still bring this shit up
Did not realize the actual situation until i read the article.
In Turkish Ay means Moon, and Demir means Iron.
No, we just dont understand
same
>PKK has a long history of carrying out terrorist attacks in Turkey and is designated as a terrorist organization by all countries of NATO & EU as well as some others, Turks are not okay with having their Syrian branch on Turkish borders
There are very few cases when hurting a different country's economy doesn't hurt your own and yet countries still apply sanctions.
They are saying that the protesters are bought by some mafia man, living his life in Dubai, when the truth is that many young people(18-30) are protesting for their future, my future, as well
No, as far as I know we don't have autonomous regions
All major media owned by a single person (Peevski) and serving the ruling party (Borisov)
Arab
But what brand of Scandinavian
°°° Technically, дръвца means 'small tree' but it can also be used to mean something wooden from a tree as well, like a stick
Dilon
Not saying it's a bad place but there's just nothing
I like how you didn't even mebtion the whole of the Netherlands, just Amsterdam
Is this gonna get reposted every week now?
Swedes seem to have figured it out about heating
Most businesses owe salaries to all their workers.
Interesting, but for me it was surprisingly familiar and easy understand
No, most people won't put her on the left.
I personally have studied English since I was 6, Russian for 3 years in school and German in highschool
30 leva for 1gb
Though, it depends on the age of the building
Which one is it, did you get banned or you are just hiding behind an alt?
As far as i know, Scotland is still part of the UK, not an independent entity.
Hence why I used cultural colonies.
The genes of the women who have more kids will become more and more prevalent as the other ones die out.
It removes their ability to do dynamic changes to be competitive
Чем же?
When I was visiting Russian relatives of a friend, they told me that when I spoke I sounded Polish
Now this is a real protest
I've always found it cynical, disrespectuful, sad, un-repentful and whatnot, to celebrate it as 'The day of victory' when the whole world pays respects to the victims of WW2 on that day.
Looks like no one has more FTAs than the EU.
I forgot you're an entitled twat who lives off of his ancestors' achievements and has a superiority complex over them
Brook seemed like an appropriate translation.
given what people assume happened to Assange recently , I wouldn't leave russia if i was snowden.
For some time the numbers on some maps wrongly assumed normal numbering
, we'll stop offering you our shitty service that only middle aged women use
I guess you love your goverment as well as it puts the number higher.
Traits not seen in Europeans (dark skin or slanted eyes) were reserved for characters who were monstrous in some manner - servant spirits, cursed kings, evil conquerors, you name it
This resulted in a non-verdict
You seem to have given "Democracy" some values or ideals that do not necessarily belong to it.
EU has standards and demands - EU bad.
Not that new, we simply don't care about them, at least in the more "eastern" parts.
Settings on a washing machine
Nice meme
Russophobes don't celebrate it at all
She's able to comprehend but that doesn't necessarily mean she'll remember it as particurarly dangerous or actually be willing not to do it again.
Bulgar:
Not surprising considering the mongrel that I am
It's вада, not вода, which means a small stream.
In my second year in university I started learning Swedish and want to learn it up to at least B2, hopefully C1 level
So let me get that straight - you think the situation in Syria would'v been better had the state not been armed, because then it would be easy to overthrow that state when it is run by an autocrat like Assad.
Therefore it does not at all reflect quality of life.
What's with all the bubbles in the Caspian Sea?
>Gotse Delchev
>The European Union is full of American military bases
What's with the hair by the way
Reforms to the vocational-training system will help remove the barriers for hiring people
They simply take everything, including high standard and peace in Europe as granted, and care about their little pleasures in life a lot.
One said it was because sparkling water tasted fresh and still water felt stale
In what way is the change of a native population of a European country good?
Our geographic position is important for trade, though
* **The current Constitution** \- enacted in 1991, defining Bulgaria as a "Republic", declaring political pluralism, market-based economy and a ban on a party or entity ever declaring it's self above or indeed - the source of soverignity, which the Constitution defines as "the people";
It's snowing in north, we got it :)
Setting up BS websites is very easy so a much more scalable approach will be needed.
Then why would he be ok with being an equal with Putin?
To think that the chain reaction started my some dudes from the secret services pushing some other political dudes away from state property which is free for all
Here its dark in 17:40 ~ 17:50 and we are almost on the frikin Mediterranean
Guess I'm a robot for getting annoyed by the cookie banners/pop-ups
"Swedish steel" is still a denominative for a very high quality steel here
That's so sad
Who knows
Spelling bees are pointless in Bulgaria
1% in 2011
We dont know much about it so it'd be cool to see and understand what they did
Jokes about extended family
If by thracians you mean the people who spoke that language and were part of that culture, you are correct.
If I translate each word individually, as is OP's idea, казвам would be just say
Without the EU I never would’ve been able to do my bachelors and masters degrees in the the UK and have the life I’ve got now at all
I was considering getting an iPhone
Simpler way to put it is to tell him that there is a common european language, just with heavy dialects
Ofc they colonised the lands with settlers.
Google Obama saying country X "punches above its weight". Same shit from China but worse
This 3310 is just a new plastic shell of something from 2006.
Balanced doesn't mean good, you're applying your own biases to the word
It is that framework that enables directives such as this one to be passed; that framework that relegates too much national sovereignty into the hands of a corrupt few
Robotisation and automation can't come fast enough here.
Erdogan's legitimacy partly rests on the economic success his government brought to Turkey.
Prague , because I want to experience this amazing culture and just to walk these old streets
EU has a lot of problems, but to leave it because of that is like cutting your foot to prevent stubbing your toe on a table
Most of the time i just say a random tongue twister to impress them
How is Bulgaria better than France in education
This is a really complicated topic that you are starting here but I'll try to explain it.
Gives me so much hope for my country
Me as well
This system sucks
I'm bi and one of my kids is adopted
Diminutive names: Petko/Petka, Stefko/Stefka, Penko/Penka, etc, are super popular amongst older people
It is believed that Jesus was baptized in the river Jordan on this day and God appeared and acknowledged that he is indeed his son
Yeah but 2016 wasn't a normal year.
He is retarded , he put a very very weak candidate , with no orator skills and the charisma of a female Jeb Bush and when he saw he is losing he literally said vote for my candidate or ill throw the goverment out and force new parliament elections.
Also when you produce cars that consume 40 l/100km you can't expect good sales in a market that enforces high taxes on fuel
That said, if I were to move abroad I'd most likely look into Germany - not that far from home, people are friendly and astonishingly down to earth, I'd love to learn German, finding beer is easier than finding water.
Geographically and culturally it is firmly situated in the Balkans
The only thing that seems to be somewhat proportional is the ratio betwen income and rent.
If you replace the native population with Afghans then it won't even make sense to call it "Bulgaria".
If you want to learn your history, if you are interested in the language,culture or even the food.
Pretty much any degree from a 3rd tier university anywhere in Western Europe is praised more than whatever education you can get in Bulgaria
Eurozone industrial output up strongly, lifting growth hopes
What I got was: "If you lie, you will be hung on the next tree until you are starving, if you speak truth (googled it to make sure
They are way too incompetent to be Orban
Quotas are dead and obviously the EU doesn't want to fuck over Greece so I'm sure they will remove them soon enough.
One year after the accident he drank poison and shot himself in the head, this time successful
Depending on the outcome of the deal, the EU may lose its free movement priviliges with the UK (and vice versa), therefore some kind of a visa would be required for EU citizens to go into the UK
If I translate each word individually, as is OP's idea, казвам would be just say
Federal EU is what will happen by itself when we achieve certain goals, without it being a goal itself.
Well, we kinda invade the northern Greek coast every summer, so you could say, we are almost there
Paler on average and fair hair is far more common.
It's popular for cold cuts but not really in a way of cooking.
What's her name
How horrific
If you are a confirmed case, you are sent to a specialist and you are asigned checkup schedule, treatment plan etc
Don't you guys have a thing where you just flip a word and it becomes something completely different
Also - East Germany and West Germany, North Korea and South Korea and so on...
I guess you can say it's a tradition.
You can take up to 10 consecutive days from your G.P, anything more (up to six months) requires a sort of "medical council" with more than one doctor, I think
It is really quick and easy and you can get a quick idea of other countries if you had none before, so that you feel closer to them
It is not
The first part of that statement is a fact, the second part is just wishful thinking
So you want to have war in Crimea first to "justify " their wishes?
Haha, sounds too good to be true
Must have lost it's color over the years.
You got 1 more vote for Zagorka from me.
Unofficially, it would be some classic chalga song like the infamous "A white Mercedes chases me in life". It can be heard often enough on our streets, so it's already something of a backing track here
What ends up happening is that by everyone spending relatively little, they get a lot more back over time
The guy from Cambridge Analytica explains it himself how do they do it:
Which BTW will cost everyone money, nothing is free
Honestly, daylight saving time was a good idea and does more good than harm
I personally think the decision of some European countries to arm the rebels is only making things worse.
From uni I got to know some political PR specialists who work with the political elite and from what I understand it's an uphill battle to get them to adhere to even the most basic etiquette
For weoman remained women and whatever men had as a prefix was removed
I'm looking forward to them becoming the powerhouse of the former communist countries.
Bulgarian yoghurt > all other yoghurt
Here the business pretends to pay a salary to the people who pretend to work.
Their descendants are the Italians right now
I wonder if this is some kind of fallacy, appeal to ideal or something
Close enuff
Your mouth is just used to pronouncing things a certain way
I was hoping to be the first Cyrillic-bro to answer and confuse them, but you beat me
I had an italian friend and ever since I ate pasta at her house I can't eat it any other way
They were disciplined, well-led, and even their foot soldiers were healthier.
He is a known moron on the sub.
In fact i will provide the link now.
Obviously there's more demands,right
" even though I don't like all the parties in their coalition
I'm a big fan of language and linguistics in general, but, man Hungarian is a treat
To be honest Greece especially the southern part I feel that has much more in common with Italy or Spain than North Macedonia or Bosnia
Най-накрая виждам някой друг от България
Also we all hate the gypsy so
Isn't that the case for most artists
The only thing you are right about is that there is no coming back, at least not in the next 20-30 years.
This is widespread in Europe, they do it as far east as Bulgaria
I hope everything you have ever used is made locally.
Let me guess, you think main occupation of easterners is to steal western money and beg for more.
Red, Green and White club, yeyy
Trying to get people in flower imaging and start e new thread called - Flowers of Europe.
The only Radler i've ever tried was dutch!!!
Slavic: Dobromir, Simeon, Momchil, Presiyan, Kaloyan, Mihail, Ivan, Petar
I DEMAND MORE BENEFITS
To some level pretty much all of Europe has mushroom fans.
That may actually be a terrible idea
Basically every turbo-folk song.
Yes they would
In Turkish it means that the person with the big balls (sometimes just the balls like a man with balls) has a lot of connections and money i. e. powerfull
Nah bro it's not hot at all it been fucking raining
Well kids like dressing up in costumes, but it's not really a tradition in Bulgaria.
We Bulgarians agree our name is perfect as it is
Made for bellydancing and drunk ululations and snapping fingers while sticking greasy money bills to the dancers' foreheads, all easy things to do for drunk, trashy people
The proto-Bulgarians, the people after which the country is named were a tribe of Turkic origin, that came in from Asia.
You can say " Ne mi puka" or "Ne mi dreme"  they both can be translated as I don't care
There were similar movements in Greece and Italy
You can add a pronoun or not
8 billion in Serbia
Maybe you've missed them if you don't browse this sub daily
> You can see this blindness clearly in your argument against lower cost university
Fuck
Ukraine was never really a bilingual country, at least in the sense that is meant in this thread
We'll be fine
If it's 18C I'm still pretty much ok (I am a hot-blooded guy though), just put on a thin fleece jacket or something
Why did I have to use to 3-rd party websites to get the information about tax in France
You just read too much lowlife forums.
So someone in Poland does something, and now ALL Slavic speakers are guilty
Навсякъде хората се радват, като прочетат нещо на български. Специално в постове като този. Не говоря изцяло да се пише на български, а само в някои.
Skin color really is not of much relevance and I personally believe we should abandon the useless concept of race in the future.
It was chosen to be in the centre of the Bulgarian lands but now it’s at their western edge
Also remittances from abroad stimulate the economy, and losing them will probably be harmful.
South started as relatively poor years ago, and being washed with cheap capital flow, lost connection with the reality.
The descendants of the people who lived in Hispania can't claim that the Roman empire (and republic) was somehow theirs
An absolute monarchy PLC would crush all those countries you mentioned without a problem and easily be one of Europe's leading empires in the 19th century.
I used to hate dairy, and we're pretty notable for our dairy products, especially yoghurt
If i told you i had no idea people criticized, hated or condemnded the nazis, even though i am all day long on the internet and in discussions, would you believe me or assume i lie/exaggerate because perhaps i have some kind of right-wing agenda?
Cheap labour and not so high taxes, but it is also a money pit
Although
It's a nice map but forecasts 5 years into the future are rarely accurate.
Ukraine at the very least knew that the rebels had access to a Buk system and didn't do anything to notify airlines flying over the war zone about this
To think if they had done this sooner he'd have much better chances of getting into the White House...
I'm not biased of course
I kind of get it but it feels trickier than Middle English
Pros: Nice weather, amazing nature, nice beaches, rich culture and nice food
I mean our king was German so it makes sense to be fair
> there is a tendency to stereotype every European cuisine other than France, Italy, Spain, Greece and Portugal as horrendous and bland
Currently you can call the Ministry of Interior affairs and ГДБОП (specialised police) our drug kingpins
(A duck is „патица“ - „pátitza“)
They do seem quite similar but one thing I noticed from recipes online is that they don't put rice.
No "necessary information" when the guy gives a ton of relevant and sourced such about the state of Sweden.
Or was that its predecessors the NKVD
The first one was Simeon I of Bulgaria, in 912
Otherwise we would have changed the name if we lost our identity, wtf
In presidential republics such as the USA, France and Russia the president is one of the most powerful people in the state in terms of powers and he is a representative/head of of the government
The world wars were about power shifts between the European Great Powers.
So we should start Subsidising ?
Fucked up immigration policies and threatening to ruin relationships with major political powers is bad
Stalin approved
Duck with bulgarian sauerkraut.
Because Albanians created their own military and started Attacking peacefull Serbians and police officers.
Not being afraid to fuck up and asking for help when you need it is a sure way to get better at it
You're second source says that Turkish GDP will decrease if the Customs Union is ended.
Dude, in fact while hiking, trekking or running one uses special equipment and apps.
they will try more very soon
It happens everywhere here in Europe - people having negative attitude towards a person just because he/she is from a specific nationality without even knowing him/her personally.
maybe they stuck with the chevy brand for the uk, as it's all vauxhall there.
I mean we could have made some commitment without reading the text but there is no plan
But there is no Starbucks in the Romanian/Bulgarian village of GodForbidden.
I drink Sofia tap water, Varna (and everywhere near the sea) water is disgusting . All my friends drink Sofia water
Allegations that never made it to court by the way
Making lyutenitsa in big pans over an open fire
If nobody wants unresticted immigration why we have unrestricted immirgation
2 - The Ottoman Empire/Turkey - we were part of the Ottomans for 480 years
You could be right about that
I'm not a fan of Russia's policies but the facts are the US is calling for an arms race and Russia is diffusing pressure.
Montenegro - we call it Černa Gora (Черна Гора)
I feel obliged to mention that if you are feeling bagpipe withdrew symptoms in the future, we have you covered:
to the point of fights about who has the right to claim what for themselves and how one country is "stealing" them from the other
They can keep blaming it just as easily as before
Seems quite contradictory to his NATO policy, but we'll see what else he's about to mess up.
It became a haven for Bulgarians during the Ottoman days and is probably the spiritual center of Bulgaria
I try to not give much attention to empty words and rather look at current political climate.
No, we don't celebrate that in Bulgaria although it is recognized as a holiday by the church.
I think you were in this a couple days ago, but we have somehow managed to qualify
But if you make a wrong one get ready for a debate boyo lol
Ignoring for a second the difficulties of legally restricting immigration based on religion, how would that address the current security situation?
I'm a teacher by university degree, but I'm typing this from an office
We can still hope, at least
На майка си в гъзо/На майка си в путката - In its mother's ass/pussy
I would like to thank Russia for helping Bulgaria getting it's independence back from the ottoman empire
I take it you are from the UK or you are just afraid to label yourself as a libertarian?
Location - Pigadia, Karpathos, Greece.
As  person who has lived in a high tax society I'm telling you, not only is it inefficient, it's frustrating and leaves you always wanting more
Well yeah, brain drain is a bitch.
I'm so ignorant of Europes history, it's embarrassing
* Samuil - the Tsar that died of a heart attack when he saw his 10000 soldiers returning from war blinded by the Byzantine Emperor Basil II Bulgarochtonos
Don't tell me to move along from my own comment you decided to reply to and initiate this pointless conversation.
A bit like saying people are getting robbed in a certain bad neighbourhood, but that is a OK, cuz people should eventually figure out not to go through it.
Are they not effective, or are they only used to transport flowers and strawberries
Prepare to get your mother jebana, OP
The USA ambassador to the Netherlands was saying there were no go zones in the Netherlands and that there were politicians being set on fire
They are acting as a nation, they are showing interest in the country's political decisions.
The panhandling is an organised business.
As in being unable to win election?
Don't forget this gem, which manages to encompass the filth of chalga while mixing with pseudo-rap and trashy pop:
It was funny, because if in our country someone tried to get ice cream inside he'll be thrown out in no time
This doesn't mean that they have any intention of learning anything.
Tell him that virtually everything he hears is sarcasm/has the opposite meaning
Let me tell you it's totally different
Could have been photo of my grandma as well :)
Well it certainly gave me a perspective as to why you guys love tea so much :D Just joking of course.
We mostly export our power to neighboring countries
There is a lot of international petty crime these days where the location of the trial will make a difference because the people involved would be too inconvenienced
I've heard there's a really big underground system below Sofia, but I've never been or heard more than some murmurs about it
Juncker should be pressured to step down, idiocy like that can be disastrous
Ah, ok, that makes sense
Anyway, a person can be a just reformer and a tyrant at the same time, many of the best known reformers in history were quite tyrannical indeed
I'm pretty sure you are Bulgarian yourself.
Very rarely if there's a bear making trouble in some village they are allowed to hunt it down.
We don't really mind these though - we know that our language is complicated and whenever someone takes the time to sit and learn even the slightest bit of it we try our best to be encouraging
I don't want them to be a country, because they only steal from other countries
OK, the unreasonably high trust in TV and lack of trust in Internet I explain to myself with the aging population.
Wow, that's insanely expensive for just an upgrade of 28km
Although - very few people have guns here anyway
Not everyone has that choice
It is outrageous that these scammers were ever offered anything other than going back.
The region in the map has also more people than them.
Did you try to divert by just saying what something is called?
They go мър-мър, verb: мъркам (мър - muh-R, like the u in umbrella)
The authorities are allocating funds for prevention and control, the confirmed cases have access to antiretroviral therapy but still on last estimate 95% of the confirmed cases are on it
We don't like gipsees but didn't genocide them or our Jews, check mate atheists!
Not to the people in power, not to the common person who drives home every night after a few rakias
Hey man I know your mother is starving but don't you think it's a bit selfish not to give your money to **MY** starving mother?
As it should be done
In Bulgarian we usually shorten up words when we talk to others which is not taught in schools
How did this affect Wilders' chances?
Not sure
We did, but we didn't expect things to go this bad
If they see you struggle and know english themselves they will change the tune.
When people still use the term eastern european they just want to make the exclusion/comparison with Western Europe.
He controls most of the media outlets in the country, one of which is the most watched television, Nova TV
God, this sub is one of the best.
Trend, lol, so far i am the only one posting pictures of flowers in daily basis.
Some old Briton complaining about using metric on road signs installed by municipality instead of using imperial.
And I always tend to think about Romania and Bulgaria as the same thing lol How are things going with LGBT rights in Romania
They're there to instill nationalism and loyalty to the state, no other reason
Either маймунско "а" [maimunsko a] (monkey "a") or кльомба [klyomba] ("badly written letter")
Kaliningrad district on the other hand is bordering Lithuania.
Why should I get over being told by the state how to speak?
Absolutely
It's pretty funny how you are furiously anti-Russia and were losing your shit after the election of the new president who wants to drop sanctions on Russia, but here we have another country who is guilty of something even worse (decades long occupation + ethnic cleansing) and you trying to justify the illegal occupation and obviously support dropping sanctions.
They took their legal documents by force?
we slav people are so good at language-spinoffs.
Marijuana has actual medical properties, and incorporating it at least for medicinal usage would only benefit us
Italian
Specifically for Scandinavian countries, there is a sizable minority of people who are huge fans of their metal and mythology
Im sure these ships will be used for humanitarian reasons only.
|Architecture|University of Architecture, Civil Eng
Just regular butter
[Radev: Bulgaria should reassess its membership of the EU and NATO]
There was one story where the dashing hero just so decided to kill the (innocent) kids of three demonesses by jump-scaring them and letting them fall into a firepit
Never been interested it to know.
They should all be doing 4% or more to converge with Western Europe and yet not a single one of them are.
I see his face in the stone under the bridge - I think that's his face
Hopefully I haven't met that many stupid foreigners
At least we're not like south Spain
Please leave as soon as possible.
From what I know the more connections you have in the industry the more opportunities you have to job-hop and each hop equates to a pay rise
Ahahaha
Like the UK does
It's ridiculous how much time and money is being wasted to the detriment of young people across the country
It's called sockpuppet -> and it's a real and a dangerous thing.
Ha...Bulgaria is first if you count other way around, from the end to beginning LOL!
I am not Cypriot but I live in Cyprus, the reunification is important to the Greek Cypriots such as my friends
Then in high school that student should have more math and less languages - for example
We are not in the 90s and things have changed.
The most Turkish of Bulgarian towns: Kardzhali
The only reason why there are not many more is because the US surrounded by oceans.
People massively moved from the villages to the cities
[This map] doesn't match the map in the OP at all.
Mfw our food is so good that we have haters :')
You should try saying "the rural juror". That one is a trip even for native speakers
They should be said the same way they are in the native tongue
Навсякъде хората се радват, като прочетат нещо на български. Специално в постове като този. Не говоря изцяло да се пише на български, а само в някои.
) yogurt
Don't get me wrong, it's somewhat unethical and it is sorta similar to questionable Chinese investments (except China makes you pay for having their companies work in your country), but it's still  aid by definition
pretty much every language is beautiful but these are some of my top choices
Other than that there's the occasional song in popular games and movies, but that's abou it.
Why not
We sometimes call the Germans "шваби" which in Bulgarian means people from Schwaben
Big mistake
Where exactly did you feel attacked
It's a grey middle
We have some very strong performers, that's true.
That is why I don't understand why we are keeping these monuments
I've noticed a lot of Americans aproach things a certain way
Roses, cigarettes, rakia, kebapcheta/kufteta
On the first photo the car is a Warszawa, but this one I couldn't recognize?
All words ending in -a are feminine, all ending in -o or -e are neuter and the rest are masculine
That makes them rather isolated than the wonderfully connected cities in the West and the North
Aha, I see what you mean now
university) and pensionners and anyone else can buy one (€25 for 1 year)
Seems legit
We are never going to solve the vast wealth gap otherwise.
Tell me some about the Bulgarians :P
They do not know the tradition of dancing in the ice cold water in this particular day.
This increases GDP and EU budget contributions are based on GDP
my new favourite description of chalga thank you
If they act worse in Gambia...then Gambia is the place.
Not sure what Romania was doing at the time.
&#x200B;
What's the problem with them not learning Romanian
The coming of Cyril and Methodius' students to Bulgaria
Your comment makes little to no sense.
Now listen to somebody who speaks Russian, whose first grades were in Russian school, who knows them better than probably 99.9% of the Britons.
And I feel close to these countries - when somebody says he's European I don't immediately think he's a foreigner, like I would for an American or a Japanese
In English (and most other languages I'm familiar with) *John* is always *John*, only sometimes *Johnny*, no matter if I'm talking to him or about him, and the sentence or grammar never requires that to change
One was formerly known as Greece, the other one, before it changed its name, was named - Denmark.
And all these groups are far from marginal in Turkey
Russia does generally have more supporters in Slavic countries.
Many towns here have Roman ruins, to a varying degree of preservation - many are exactly ruins, but there are also some very preserved ones
P.S: You are better than the Netherlands
The candidate was bad, imo deliberately so.
>You really don't need an IT class as long as you know English and YouTube
The UK isn’t leaving because it didn’t get its way, the UK is leaving because it didn’t get its way all the time
The second time he resigned because Rumen Radev won the presidential elections not because of protests
Easy to understand tax code, easy to understand laws and websites by the government that are user friendly and explain all the necessary bureaucracy in a straight manner
It sounds normal to me, I've eaten octopuses , calamari etc
The most infuriating description I've heard was "Russian spoken with a toothache
Russia: had one, used it quite often but mostly when with kids
That shit was already posted months ago.
Oh, no
You really should have a better attitude to our newly conquered territories
You can do your own research before planting doubts into people's mind.
Remember the Great Charger Soup of the 2000s? Yeah how did that stifle innovation
It is not
Without it the language is just a communication code
These are liberal ideas in the sense that they will free up the markets so that efficiency can be made
All my homies gtfo off Sofia to someplace else thanks to covid enabling them to work remotely
(Polish understand Czech more than Czech understand Polish, Bulgarians understand Serbian more than the other way around etc
It was a watershed moment when a German teacher told us he's not patriotic in like the 8th grade
I've often heard him say needlessly aggressive, belittling or insulting things towards the smaller Eastern European states as well as some Scandinavian ones.
Ah, the prisoners dilemma
Yup
Literally all our neighbours have fantastic nature, delicious traditional cuisine, and are very hearty people
Probably like 1230s or something
Even in many (most) European countries if you invite someone home at meal time, it is assumed that there will be a meal - otherwise it should be stated explicitly
Russia has antisocial personality disorder on a country scale.
Obviously extremely socially conservative, largely interventionallistic economically
He is a NATO general who studied and lived in the USA.
Unless Europe addresses that it will have to deal with more and more illogical politicians with self-destructive tendencies as heads of governments, as opposition leaders, as members of EP
Plus, gen z in Russia isn't that different from european/american gen z and straight millenials are also changing for better
All police here have pistols,  but it's quite rare to see someone with bigger gun like rifle or other weapon
Ireland certainly has more religion than atheist East Germany but scores higher.
The same stand for pro-EU and pro-British.
Vasil Levski: this is the main guy, during ottoman occupation we had all these ruffian "haiduks" that occasionally showed some resistance to the occupation, but this dude was an intellectual who united the intelligentsia of the country into committees
Maybe China not supporting rebels in Syria and SA in their war with Yemen helps a bit.
Effective starting May'18...
Would you, as EU voters and tax payers, support a push for the construction of such, allowing the Easternmost territories of the continental EU to reach Budapest in 5 hours by land transport, rather than 13
Do you see anything undemocratic here?
The Italians don't seem to be really into Rugby and their team is almost always last
News flash—the system is broken elsewhere as well
Maybe it's time for Europe to grow a backbone and do something about the war in Syria
So, abiding trade deals is nothing?
The authorities officially banned the march.
Until our health declines and we need quality medical care that we can't find here
The prosecution "couldn't find" a link between him and the bank
I don't know, being able to understand everyone else sounds awesome to me.
Thats some top notch propaganda.
Bulgaria very good English
That's pure garbage, why do you even bother reading that?
Do I get the right to a weekend at the Bahamas because I work 40 hours a week
2008-11 was a period of very heavy austerity here, so I'm not surprised.
What is the situation in Parliament?
Flag to remind of great mother Bulgaria
yeah I thought the same but so far nothing
British education system
>The EU does not have a direct role in raising taxes or setting tax rates
I've always heard it the other way around
i.e: if you refuse to respectfully acknowledge or participate in these holidays (such as Christmas, Easter, and several smaller ones) you're likely to get some abuse from people - relatives, peers, strangers on facebook, whatever
I mean, could you imagine having to go through a roided up version of Youtube's Content ID every single time you try to post a meme
It seems that a stalemate of the French social contract has formed, where reforms are wanted but not accepted
Interesting
If the trial is in Bulgaria I'm thinking few people would bother just to testify how they lost a wallet with €50 and the thief is acquitted
Which a shame we skipped a big chunk of important history
Benis :DDD
When Russians go to Miami or New York, I think most are shocked that things are actually pretty nice, and if you're Russian - nobodies gonna hit your or beat you but honestly not give a flying fuck..
Also S.T.A.L.K.E.R is one of my favourite games
Turkish GDP fell 2.7% QoQ in the third quarter.
Also why are all high ranking Bulgarian politicians ex-military, you can't make an educated guess around here.
Raw cucumber
Firstly the EU accounts for a minority of UK trade
So I'm certainly quite hopeful now.
Noone's interested in neo communism and russian separatism too
It means "Studying languages is wonderful and I would be glad if you learned my language". It probably doesn't make any sense to you, even if you can read it, because it is written in Latin
Many in the teaching profession fear that continuous assessment will kill the prized national standard, and in effect bring in a two-tier bac, with more prestigious grades being awarded by top teachers in top schools, rather than by national markers
>Macron has proposed to tighten the selection process for those entering French universities, while at present all French high school graduates are guaranteed a public university place regardless of their grades
And that compounds when it's coupled to previous information like for example you'd get with math
Canada is still closer to the US, than it is to Europe.
Lol, wouldn't be Slovenian if he didn't get butthurt for called Balkan.
Maybe it's because in the west more people rent, but here almost everyone owns their home.
Would be "een leider"
From what little I know about politics, violating a nation's sovereignty is tantamount to declaring war, so direct intervention is out
It has had 39 crashesh in its 50 year history and while thats worse than the a320 it's not some kind of mechanical death trap.
I think Russian media started it to distract from problems at home and then Western media went with it to distract from problems at home.
Nice that you reposted your shit map in here without any corrections even tho people explained how bad it is on mapporn.
So evidently no, it can't handle a hit in tourism.
Switzerland-Швейцария(Shveicaria)
It's really easy to say "next to impossible" but it's actually *not*. It takes *effort*. A lot of it
I used to have long hair in my teenage years and I think the reason it’s a lot less common than short hair is because it takes much more effort to maintain and during summer it just gets way too hot
[El Mundo] that's what I used to read when I wanted to improve my Spanish, no idea for the other countries though.
Over the last 30 years all kinds of shitty laws have been passed in Bulgaria
We also try to make one every summer in my city ( Varna )
Some parts of NYC could fit in Europe and the same goes for some other cities in the Northeast.
It's not really a city, more of a seasonal summer resort but the place is extremely trashy with drugs, alcohol, sex and scams going rampant
Bulgarians (and surely many others) call any cheese with holes in it "Swiss cheese".
Unparalleled efficiency
I have a 3D puzzle of the same bridge
those scebes were shot in amstherlamds, the whole coubtry is just one megapolis
Well, he has a point - he did, very observant for a 15 year old.
Bulgaria was performing worse before it joined the EU.
The thieves oftenly use the money to build a lavish mansions, that oftenly end up burned to crisp by the relatives of those that had suffered
The otherworldly figures chasing evil spirits away.
Are you from Save Sofia
Actually, this one was so bad it was kinda good
Chalga or "pop-folk", full stop
Edit: oh wait you said job market
[St
Sorry, I didn't phrase that right
How do you know the definition of "correct" of all those people whom you call wrong to be able to determine they are stupid to believe he will?
Marine Le Pen takes huge lead over nearest rival in new French presidential election poll
It is Arum criticum, member of Araceae family.
We learnt it different
Crimeans don't want to be part of Ukraine and want to be part of Russia?
I am usually not a fan of white supremacist libertarians, so I tend to not give a fuck about what they post.
Percentages of percentages, doesn't sound very practical tbh.
Bulgaria and Greece will have another great tourists season.
I simply was trying to make the point that they are not as representative, as they may seem on first glace.
It would be interesting to see how well you would fare if Trump becomes president.
France has pledged to invest almost a billion euros into higher education over the next five years
The Memegen Area
Sounds like terrorism to me
Power from the mafia is taken only by blood
It's been cloudy in Varna, Bulgaria for many days :(
It all makes sense
Furthermore, I voted RB last time, all predictions were for 5-7%, they got 8.9% in the end - not one agency was anywhere near that number.
What a nasty jizzed pork kebab
Yesterday we had a an annual campaign named "Let's clean Bulgaria for one day" and people accross the country clean the garbage everywhere
I really don't like this trend of American political correctness being exported to Europe
Heck yeah
Well yeah, it is a case of recency bias, like we were under Ottoman rule for five centuries, and that is relatively recent.
Trump-the-Clown and Johnson-the-Clown can make a really good pair.
I wish they could have just left us alone after 1878.
Though apparently there were polls on it and 60% preferred summer time, so not that much of an overwhelming majority
Honestly, the way I see it there is no difference between the Democrats and the Republicans.
I meant what I said and nothing more, nothing less
At least some professions should be forced to communicate encrypted.
Make sure you go there
Those aren't "British" funds, the moment they give them to the EU, they're EU funds
This
You'd manage more or less with Russians as well
Sounds like a perfectly normal Bulgarian female family name, this.
Most Bulgarian Turks have been completely Bulgarianized and are not loyal to Turkey, actually.
We don't import American beers.
And yes, Greece left on its own is - doomed.
We have more beautiful women than most of the world
It is really expensive proving someone is guilty beyond a shadow of a doubt, and even then it is not a 100 percent certainty.
Looks about average
In Soviet Russia - the country will never understand you.
And lack of money
We deserve it, the future generations don't.
That would be me :)
But that simple thing is not inherently bad in and of itself
But it does: better and faster connections increase (economic) mobility
Obviously they were not the same country
However the current state of affairs with Palestine - basically a new apartheid state, so close to Europe while we all sit around staring as it happens (again) is despicable.
In Bulgaria we do have problems in news forums with trolls spreading Russian misinformation.
Damn, most of this also applies here,too
Лъжа като дърт циганин. - "To lie like an old gypsy
What about inside the transport tho
I'm pretty sure that without intensive goverment propaganda feeding it everything will come back to neuturality
It's okay, English with a German accent is also very sexy
That rhetoric goes beyond borders
True, but an architecture degree from UASG will mean more to any employer than an architectural degree from Varnenski Svoboden
With Sorbian, Belarusian and Rusyn I have basically had no contact so I cannot say
But paradoxically at the same students are against any reforms that will make entry harder even if that means a reformed bac test, which would make it easier
Where
Yes, literature is important, but it shouldn't be mandatory
5 - Kievan Rus/Russia/USSR - we've had some early touching points like 970s occupation of Bulgaria by the Kievans, later in the 18th/19th/20th centuries Russia/USSR played played massive role in Bulgaria
British english is not my thing.
In France, though, the shake-up may well create an uproar
Unfortunately i am not in Bulgaria, and drinking non-Bulgarian white wine :P.
I thought that Belgium, Swiss and Luxembourg spoke only belgish , swissish and luxembourgish
Cause is very easy to post fake news.
Thats why i play on English even though my language is available
A1 but I think the offer was temporary and has expired since It's no longer on their website
No man, the Dutch are just a bit xenophobic so they come up with all kinds of nonsense stereotypes for other countries
I remember my teacher said that the haiduti fought for revenge while normal revolutionaries fought for change, don't know how true that is but generally, the haiduti are positively viewed here
And no, Cossacks were mixed ethnicity, who was probably more Ukrainian, than Russian.
"Romanians" confirmed latinized Bulgarians.
These two are saying this and getting ready to make a government on the backs of the ethnic turkish party.
Dude, you are making a fool of yourself with every comment.
The shooter claimed self-defence but he was convicted for attempt at murder regarless
Not that I understood anything of that map.
1 in Sofia with showrooms in Varna and Plovdiv but are planning on building a new one in Varna
I explained clearly you can have society - and therefore ownership, without this type of theft that has been going on for the past few decades.
In recent years he even received a sort of order of friendship from Putin
Like "wtf do they think we are THAT stupid
However it can not and it never did win against coalition.
EU is evil
The bulgarian one is kinda mild, it's like 'damn'. Deba or ebati would be more like it
So what now
We separate the thousands with intervals and use both dots and commas for the decimal
The English are usually piss drunk at a bar or eating a kebab right across the street
I think there would've been a high likelihood Greece gets turned into a giant refugee camp because noone wants to assist with the burden.
You can find similar comments every time this ranking is posted
An old grandfather lives in the middle of nowhere in a place that doesn’t even have a name
Mostly Turks
Reminds of me this gem: "A German court has ruled against deportation of refugees to Bulgaria if they had been registered there first upon entering the European Union because Bulgaria wasn’t a safe country of origin
and find them delicious
I come from a region in South-Eastern Bulgaria known for its very soft pronunciation
No Soviet-Bloc country was ever independent
> One simple analogy: The Bulgarian state passes a shitty law
Catalonia can't join
Bulgaria: have one, but don't really need it
Behind this tradition in our country stands our long history of being culturally connected with the nature
I still think Erdogan is a bad leader besides that though, seeing how "well"  Turkey's economy is doing
* We call copying machines "kseroksi" after the Xerox brand;
Whereas if they stay in the Euro they still eat whatever shit is passed from the eurozone but at least it is in small portions compared to the gigantic turd of reintroducing the drachma.
The obsession with a state that acts as your parent and not your servant continues.
The one thing that really surprised me in Slovakia was dedicated religious TV channels and even sometimes they would show mass and other rituals on the regular channels
We people are selfish and stupid like that
Bulgaria appears at the other half of the chart with all Slavic languages
I remember squares full of protesters against proposed government cuts back in the early 2000s in Greece, and here in Bulgaria it was big news how year after year the Greek farmers would almost routinelly block our border to protest *their* goverment's proposed reduction of subsidies.
Enforcing a crippling economic blockade while expecting the North to be independent of Turkey is like wanting to have your cake and eat it too.
Mutra is a person affiliated with illegal pawnshops, insurance firms, malicious deeds in general.
They're all over the city and I'm told it's one person putting them everywhere
More info here:
EDIT: TIL UK as well (thanks kind strangers), however Danish kroner are pegged to the Euro via ERM II
35 leva (~11
You might be aware that the Balkans were and still are a mess.
Happy Baba Marta from Bulgaria!
Good luck
You do know that The Jobs that are Here and the ones exported will not exist for long with the ongoing Accelerating march of automation?
Turkey
More specifically, in non-UK Europe English
Wow  , chukan here it's a verb,  like "hammered " "knocked " , it could be "fucked " as well , depends on the context
I personally belong to the grated gang - not only is it faster than dicing, but the texture is also better imo
I don't have one, because I don't bake peppers, but many people have one
lol
One can fall in a rabbit hole of absurdity if they checked the North Macedonian Wikipedia - half of Bulgarian, Greek and even some Serbian national heroes are claimed as Macedonian
When we do know I am all for wrong doers to go to prison
Edit: or the revival period, from Istoriya Slavyanobulgarska (1762) to our "independence" in 1878
That is not true, the most current genetic test shows we are still mostly of thracian descent to this day.
Because you sold it at a profit
Da se izdrusam - Literally "to shake myself"
English food is actually pretty good, even if a bit simple at times
So much territory changed hands between the years that everyone can claim anything here
EU removed some of the sanctions in exchange for Belarus freeing political prisoners.
They blame the Nazis for their problem while their entire country is going to shit
People usually associate green olives with Greece
It’s not that noticeable because the town is still rather big (for BG standards at least) but I don’t wanna imagine what the situation feels like in smaller towns (<50k or less)
Another reason we have no lockers is because our schools are most often on "shifts". Considering the school usually can't even accomodate all their students at the same time, it's pretty unlikely they'd be able to provide lockers either
By your logic I'm also entitled to a hotel as a fundamental right as well as an Xbox since well, I worked for 40 hours a week and rich people can afford it too
This is the definition of a straw man and you just did it
Depends on where you live i guess
The process is subtle, but in the end it is absolute
Just met 3 women at the mall which asked me to wear some jacket because their brother was apparently the same size as me.
Why are Scottish Jokes so popular in Hungary?
No you have something like 3 millions in the EU.
It's just outdated Dutch with broken grammar to a Dutch speaker
He constantly agrees to sign ANYTHING he is given by the corrupt prosecutor like a moron (if he were such moron how he made such a big business)
A wonderful concept I tell you.
Bulgaria
After years of our government  and prosecution doing nothing about information that Russia had repeatedly tried to poison a weapons manufacturer and his son who were arming Ukraine, they were at last spurred into action  when Czechia said that their deadly blast was meant to go off in Bulgaria and ruin the company's reputation
Anything from their administrative/religious/cultural/etc aspects is studied regarding these two
Well they are still discussing and it's been three years since the migrant crysis.
It is so unnatural for people in charge to act like normal people instead of gods that when one does it gets posted and it gets tens of thousands of upvotes
Presumably they wouldn't riot if it was a white or ethnically french?
I don't think nobody has a problem with Norway but the news that were probably fake blew up
That sucks
Not sure if any of my classmates finished it
Also pls don't take so seriously our jokes about you and how we want your lands
The intial claim was that Europe has had more wars than any other continent, and i expressed doubt in it, proposing that most likely even Indian subcontinent alone has had as many.
I tried it in Bulgaria years ag, cooked by a friend but didn't like it at all
Outside of parliament but notable:
Surprised to see that many people who knows it in Bulgarian
If it's 18C I'm still pretty much ok (I am a hot-blooded guy though), just put on a thin fleece jacket or something
Never keep your eggs in the same basket.
There is nothing turkic about modern day Bulgarians.
I don’t understand the whole race classification thing
In Greece
They cannot really bear to see the EU prosper.
I guess it's another way to gatekeep against the poor and make it appear as if we live in a meritocracy, when it's not even approaching one
The language isn’t xexxe
I heard there are people who buy used girl panties.
If Turkey does withdraw from these lands, Kurds and Armenians would become mortal enemies overnight.
I support this
London will always be a major financial center, but it will certainly lose its position to NYC at the expense of gains in other European cities.
Stefan Stambolov,
He's more of an anti-hero
I really pity people that think something isn't credible if its not approved by some germanic country.
Yeah
Alexander Nevski cathedral where Sofia is
Here in Bulgaria we usually have very hot 32+ daily weather in the summer and not much rain but here we are rarely hitting 30s and it's constantly raining
Ultimately, it's better for us all, but you have your own arguments and I can't say anything to that
You can't rely on the whims of the American public during their latest election to always be in Europe's best interest
Thеn you fold the paper and put it in the box.
...pizzas, I recommend seafood.
Such as:
Not scared to work even as construction worker.
B-but CNN told me that Putler holds Trumpler on a leash.
I don't know what's important anymore.
* the name must not be offensive to the child - it can’t be Asshole Petrov or something like that
Very common in Bulgarian towns and villages, less common in cities
I have met my share of foreigners who have settled in Bulgaria, but pronunciation-wise I have never heard someone adapt fully
Yes, the forced displacement of Greek Cypriots was wrong, and it should not have happened, and even though Turkish Cypriots suffered similarly if not worse, two rights do not make a wrong.
I mean countries are legally required to help Turkey if it gets attacked
Russians also so speak
The government does not care with these regions and Kardzhali are siding with Turkey, while in the Northwest some even want to be part of Romania
Russian with a Turkish accent is the most hilarious and at the same time infuriating comparison I've heard
He came off as pretty rude, specifically when I said "Well plenty of them do
Why
I've just done a month touring the Netherlands in a camper (working my way around all of Europe over a few years) and The Netherlands and the Dutch are by far my favourite place in the world; I feel home sick for The Netherlands when I don't feel homesick for my native UK
Bulgarian cities have some interesting names too
French far-right leader Le Pen congratulates Donald Trump
So no matter what are the plans of the City of London about moving to NY, staying in London or migrating to Hong Kong, they will have to have branches in Europe for clearings.
It's the practical start of the 2014-2020 programming period and EU funds absorption is very slow at the start of a period.
To be honest, I should probably add that to the descriptions.
His son vows to buy a cheap 4x4 to be able to go up there and check on him
She would never have managed to become chancellor if she didn't have the ability to work with people she has differences with.
The rise of the right everybody
Argentina is cool and they have some top notch cinema.
Khan Krum made a cup out of the skull of the emperor of Byzantium, who lost to him
USSR/Russia
>The import tax rate is only 2
"by default" my ass, you even contradict yourself in the next paragraph.
A romanian in France talks about confronting gypsies.
If only longevity was the cause of our aging population
Also that we built a shitload of commie blocks and basically made everyone equally f-ed (except the people connected to the regime, their families, their friends, also sometimes their other friends etc
Forget morals RT puts its agenda even above profit.
We just have a blood-debt to you guys
I had paid a bunch of stuff for all of us before that so I assumed my "debt" had been sufficiently paid
There's an oversaturation of English courses - every second Bulgarian that's my age that I've met has gone to some course
Omg a politician does something normal
I believe the second expendables was filmed there
I don't know about bakeries
Possibly because Kurds haven't historically been oppressors in your country, they are the oppressed.
Technically you have to be at least 10 over for it to be punishable so 149 is fine and really they only start caring at 20 over because the fine for 10-19 over is only €25 so 159 is more like the real speed limit
A few months after we go to the regionals and it's comprised of two separate categories - the people who won first place go together and then the people who won second
The keyboard of my phone combines the two in one keyboard so I can just long press if I want say, à. On my laptop, I have shortcuts (like ` + a = à)
Serbia
I think they have some available now
Here is a good summary of them all.
Streets in a lot cities are made hundreds of years before skyscrapers existed,  they are narrow and not very straight, so it would be very hard to build a building as huge as a skyscraper all also they are ugly and stand out way too much for an old city center with old beautiful buildings
They basically have the same stance as PES.
Developed economies rely on the tertiary and quaternary sectors, so these degrees definitely have value for a country in the long run
However, they did not invent the cyrillic alphabet but the glagolitic alphabet
) that, I reply with how I'm doing
I already told you the math doesn't check out.
Said hero also had to weigh some gold as compensation for his father's unjust execution
I tried pronouncing that several times and I gotta say it sounds a lot like the way some people speak Bulgarian, where the vowels are shortened so much that they hardly exist
Fuck any authoritarian party
Contributions for the creation of one of the first digital wristwatches
Such a personal union has certainly been proposed before, although I'm not sure if it ever happened
Look at for example what Turkey is doing despite being  a midget compared to NATO
Гууд лък трайинг ту рийд дис, съкърс. Бът иф ю мениджт, ю ар пробабли славик, анд ай ем стил импресд, комред.
* Svetloslav(a)
They're quite openly calling for taking Macedonia, Albania and Northern Greece
It may be rash, but it's rather effective - taking out all of the GRU means they won't be able to do proper work from inside the US for months, maybe even years.
When you control the media and the opposition majority support isn't as meaningful.
I'm probably too young (or from a different region
Following the law and being able to communicate the language is all that is needed.
Sub is called Europe, not politics or economics of Europe.
Is the first time ever you hear it
In Russian there are no such concept as articles or anything even remotely similar
That's a very disappointing data set
Tropico 3, 4 and 5 were developed by Haemimont Games and are pretty popular
But then, literally every eastern bloc country had "Bulgarian majority" in elections
Okay, so, here's the thing: high speed rail is a staple in Western and increasingly - Central Europe, but there is still no high speed rail connection to Bulgaria and Greece
They speak similar to our Bulgarian and honestly they are so cute when they speak it and I feel somewhat proud when I hear their version of the same language
Oh no anything but that
Serious question to any Germans here: What are his chances against Merkel?
We also have zero plans to phase out coal outside this GIF
Not at all
Kaloyan and the Asen brothers : these guys are famous for creating the second Bulgarian empire after we were taken over by the Romans
"Пиво/pivo" feels a bit more official if that makes sense
Many caves too
Don't be a shitty loser
Every employer is required by law to insure you, so I've got that covered, I get insured on full-time but I get half the yearly paid vacation because my hours technically qualify as part time
It's good beer
It's been a while since I've heard it but here's my attempt
Last year they lowered the VAT on food to 9%, that's probably why it's cheaper.
Their kids will inherit the house, and then their grandchildren, etc.
Russia is revealing their own Russia in Ukraine.
As the US becomes more and more unreliable, the EU has to rely more and more on China.
My aunt lives there and I really want to visit her and her family
If you reside and work in country A, but come from country B, country A is responsible for your health and social security
So you either knew damn well what you were signing up for, or didn't even bother to read what you were signing.
We've come to the point that you don't need to be a specialist to have a good idea of CETA.
I'm just saying that the idea that an automated filter can accurately determine the legality of something or that a link tax would lead to increase in revenue and not the opposite can only make sense to someone who barely uses the internet
Would live there for sure if it was not for the prices of real estate.
It is not their fault they can produce hi-tech competitive goods and services.
Pathological gamblers and the easily addicted are wonderful prey for the gam(bl)ing industry's 'whale hunters'. These are direct terms used by said industry, btw, as in 'prey' and 'whales'. This isn't trust fund billionares throwing excess money away, it's erakwilled, mentally ill people whose issues are being supported and exploited by a predatory industry
Compare that to the Scandinavian languages, which are extremely close to English and it's really not a surprise why Hungarians are having a harder time with the language
Edit: forgot to mention: the trains are extremely comfortable
What's the legislation regarding e-cigarettes and liquids?
The West isn't obliged to give money to whomever is doing badly.
Ours is 235 euros/month brutto salary.
They could not prevent it though.
Students that are not good mathematics shouldn't learn complex geometry for instance
I loved my three years in Glasgow
George's day), we are skipping work and school then as well
But yeah what's up with France, you guys
The country i feel is most similar to us now is Romania.
This is deportation, not extermination
Also its fair to say that a large amount of that was paid by the English because they are so many compared to Scotland, Wales and NI but not all
How actually did the switch happen during WWII?
Yes
Why is r/Europe downvoting this comment so much?
The fall of communism and the following years of BS surely contributed to it but I think we were gonna drop in population regardless
Balkans, but it's more like a wishful and nostalgic sigh with a tear in our eye
I mean, Swedish girls indeed got the looks and care of themselves, but everybody knows they do not keep their husbands/boyfriends.
Against: it's never really spoken by the official standards, outside of the news on TV
Good enough
aren’t that different
Jokes on you our alphabet was based on yours ez pz lmn sqz
"Republican party bad
We have all these empty or former spaces, that we all know what they used to house
Countries like Poland, CZ, Slovakia, Belarus and so on have less than 1% muslims.
So by your logic the west didn't negatively affect Africa and Asia during colonial time?
4 New stations opened last month on Sofia
I think it's more appropriate for the French, but it is what it is
Your types are making this word meaningless.
Yea , my personal top 3 are :
Dipping garlic sauce does not really exist, or if we do, we put it on the top of the pizza
I'm sorry, but how can the history of one of the regions of Europe not even be mentioned
>PKK has a long history of carrying out terrorist attacks in Turkey and is designated as a terrorist organization by all countries of NATO & EU as well as some others, Turks are not okay with having their Syrian branch on Turkish borders
There's one core idea, one core value, one core goal of Socialism that is present there across all types of Socialism and all the decades we've had to deal with it and it's the means of production and relationship between them and the working class.
And to answer your question - all of them
Unparalleled efficiency
I'm talking about the way the curriculum itself was built around the needs of the state at the time
American accents are the easiest to understand of all.
5% outside the EU, i.e. bread crumbs
No it doesn't mean that he had more people wanting him to not be president than for him to become president.
2036 is right around the corner :>
In NL (the Netherlands) where I am they're setting phonetowers on fire because they're brainwashed on Facebook to believe 5G causes people to die which the government then covers up with a hoax about corona or some dumb shit like that
His language (as in, the sort of speech he uses) is very informal, he sounds like the type of dude your dad used to go drinking with and would occasionally ask you to buy them cigarettes when you were 12 because they didn't want to get up from their spot in the café outside your apartment building
Packages here must be delivered and signed off
I think porn itself is banned
I think most Bulgarians see Macedonia as our little brother rather than a rival
Cut Britain loose, and let all the trade to be done under WTO rules.
You will claim that this is punishment, but it is simply the thing you voted for.
it feels weird to understand both of these words without speaking either of the languages ¯\\\_(ツ)_/¯
WwwwOOOOOOOOOoOoOooooOOOOOSH
Hahaha dude what did I just watch
You fold down the backseats and see if it fits if it doesn't you drive with you boot open
I don't believe they are very good either.
Every time I've seen Germans and Austrians buy bottled water here, they always looked for carbonated water
The only way for this to happen is a specialized tax, similar to how we do health care
I guess New Zealand can also be an option.
In other words, muslims got no hope someone within Europe to support them.
They've become pretty popular here too in the last 10-15 years
Well, recently I found out that I was completely wrong
It's pretty nice honestly
In fact it is mentioned in the very article that you link to:
He said mostly everywhere except in the center of Paris the majority were Africans/Middle Eastern.
Say, what's the tone of your facebook feed, what's your, okay not friends, but acquaintances saying about current situation?
No farms on the island called Karpathos.
Is there no police there
Yes and no
Surprised to see that many people who knows it in Bulgarian
To be fair, it looks like a pretty fat lion...
I really like this [one] . I hope you like it too :) , sadly it doesnt have a national instrument involved in it
The restrictions added a lot of "winter" to the winter if you know what I mean
In fact that prison continue to exist even to this date.
This is the first time I see this word used in English
What about penalties if I am caught speeding at a sufficient speed to have my license revoked what happens, is it revoked only in Germany or in the issuing country as well or not at all?
So take your typical English welcome and piss off
What you've presented shows us that the average German feels it less than the 1% but not that he doesn't feel it at all.
Why 05 and not 00005
The new generation is a bit more disillusioned/perceptive
And we shouldn't excuse ourselves anymore, still we shouldn't forget how fucked we got by the ottomans
We say 'in the ass of geography'
Funny thing about Bulgaria is that our name is so consistent throughout history that there are no other names for Bulgaria from other countries
I honestly, don't understand these boomers why they defend these monuments with their lives (brainwashed)
Who knows
Besides, what about all the other Eastern European countries which joined Schengen in 2007?
I shake hands with men that are not within my ring of closest people, and the same goes for women as well
Like amount of educated people that left
Insane how more people support 'transgender' rights than freedom of speech.
(USB 3, USB3,2 and USB 4)
Liver smells horrendous to me
You'd only be asked to help with expenses only if your family is struggling
The hostility towards China also has to do with their treatment of the Uighurs.
And as a whole - rich, powerful country and also cultural boom
Its a senseless policy to greet your enemy only when they get to your border.
God's eyes cave or [Prohodna cave] is spooky as well, especially during full moon
Salted pig fat is also something we do have in Bulgaria.
>No, because economics are a hard science about rational actors
It's now mostly a joke
**Czech** - 5% - 10% - Gibberish for the most part, with the occasional familiar word
Well, when people used to live in the villages they had farms and big houses therefore it was also normal for each family to have 5-6 children sometimes more
They are muslim and close to you culture - you take them.
the pig was also cool
Everyone told me that I said every emphasis wrong
And the corrupt leaders of dictatorships are the last people to actually care about people's lives
People here use the name Turks to refer to all Muslims.
Calm down there butthurt, yes what you wrote is 100% correct and in no way does one extinction of diverse cultures and languages make another one any better.
Really
And I fail to see what of the things in my post is irrelevant?
No wonder people repeatedly vote for it in the last 10 years
It didn't make much sense lol
Tesla is still an up an coming company
Sure you can do that, but that's not what she's saying
I would bet 10 eur if a bookmaker but I can't find such odds lol.
Can we get one but for Mountain cover
I think this is where the stereotype of how "Americans are ignorant" comes from
Our language/dialect is авелзаманско but such is life
Very rarely some of the "jobs" - like promotions or putting commercials into the people's post boxes mention a daily salary, but it's mostly on "civil contract".
Less young people/more aging population - less growth and vice versa.
It was founded for the first time in 681
Oh well
Well then, new Angola, I hope for Iberian Union 2.0, this time permanent!
I would say that there is a large group of people with a strong negative opinion against Russia.
France has an unemployment rate standing at about 9%. So yeah some people got a pay boost and because no actual reform can take place to make France more competitive, it was those 9% who made the sacrifice
Well, we were ruled and oppressed, but not to the extent of being slaves.
I think people would be more open to refugees regardless of repatration if their countries weren't already subject to millions of legal immigrants from Africa and the Mid East settling what is effectively cultural colonies.
I was just never taught, and never owned a bike past the age of 5 or so
Didn't NC get demoted as not a democracy because of this shit?
There is also a difference in infrastructure cost between public transport defined as metros and bus routes etc, and traveling between cities
Think you're trying to compare spears with needles.
* We call scotch tape "tikso" after the Tixo brand;
It is Vitosha mountain, with a peak (not on the photo) of 2290 meters.
They're just reaping the benefits of diversity.
Btw there was a protest movement in the Northwest to have three provinces join Romania because of the alleged "ignoring" of the region when it comes to funding and development
I think your attempt failed so not that it's too soon - just not funny
No military units passed their borders armed, right?
Hitler very much wanted to ally with Britain but the Brits refused
It's usually used in a rude way too
I'm really getting tired of this shit about Norway here
Is it a sea or salinated water flowing in the canal?
He's a politician and a KGB agent, maybe he
The demographic crisis is a long standing issue which continuously was ignored by politicians in particular and the whole society in general.
History - Depends
I suppose those of you in the west who have never experienced communism in its full glory have a rather romanticized view of it, but for those of us who lived and suffered through that hell, the term does have rather unpleasant connotations.
We basically have the serious medias - TVs, news websites and newspapers.
Can you add one more yes/no so i know which is which.
On topic: 17 total for me - Romanian, Greek, Turkish (if we count it
It does not hold money like a piggy bank, today's workers pay today's pensioners.
Advertisers do this most but commercial artists (singers) add random English phrases or word into their shit, and it's not only annoying and unoriginal - it's nonsensical
I wish them good luck with these protests
Isn't that "**countries** whose nationalists want to slaughter you"
The [2008 Chelopechene explosions] has to be there as well - a massive explosion just 10km away from the center of the capital Sofia
Today i posted my opinion on three articles.
In an ever steady incline since we were robbed blind by our own politicians during the change
> Not using clacson
Balkans legit got offended by the weak swear words you placed there
I don't want them to be a country, because they only steal from other countries
The distance (700km) is comparable to Paris - Nice or Paris - Barcelona
Here its "камък-ножица-хартия", or rock-scissors-paper.
Their level had dropped by 14 points since 2001
Yee Haw
DAE think that easterners are stupid because they live in poverty on purpose
And stating that most of the EU citizens live outside cities shows big arrogance and huge ignorance.
In matters like this, 52-48 cant be a decisive majority.
Didn't know this guy existed till today...
Based
In the early 90s the Army started excavations in the centre of Tsarichina village and the official reason was that they thought there is a burried treasure left by Tsar Samuil
Same shit here
Me not happy
An unholy mix of gypsy music and stolen Serbian turbofolk and, recently, also the worst of silicone MTV soft-porn r'n'b, passed off somehow as a continuation of authentic Bulgarian folk music with which it has nothing in common
Really
In a small city a while back people actually didn't let their kids to go to school out of fear
Populism often mistaken for the will of the people is proposing simple ad hoc solution to complex problems that do not in fact take the bigger picture in to accord or even base their finding in studies
So Tuesday, 04
It originated as "mom's kid" or something
Shifts vary by school but they're roughly the same - mine did 7:30 am to 1:30 pm, and then 1:30 pm to 7:30 pm
Can you give some examples
>Most of it is pure nationalism (Botev) and only alienates young people because these values don't work in a modern context and can be downright dangerous
A European *state*? Fuck that
What is the difference, I never understood that argument (in general).
Respect their driving without driver license?
Jumping on this thread to present this [masterpiece]
We use "пиво/pivo" as well, don't worry
We only have one word for lawyer - advokat (advocate but pronounced a bit differently) but English has tons of words - litigator, barrister, attorney, solicitor
Shitty article, that sounds like it's been written by a moderately intelligent T_D poster.
How is it Irony, I can be against shoddy oil drilling that results in spills and still use a car (do you find irony here as well).
By your logic I'm also entitled to a hotel as a fundamental right as well as an Xbox since well, I worked for 40 hours a week and rich people can afford it too
They are the truly poor and they got fucked by low income earners wanting more for themselves
And the Western Morava valley from Serbia
Reeeeeeeee
Nazis
We should cancel google for assuming genders
We don't want to live in some random country far away from home
Haha...populations in the balkans are genetically close with the exception of greeks, albanians and turks.
Municipality still treats the problem as nonexistent and people are finally starting to get upset.
We have them both - bags and cartons.
I mean, the government would have to fuck up pretty badly for this to happen, but if any place were to secede, Kurdzhali would be it
The majority of Germany's trade surplus is actually with non-EU countries.
I visited Bucharest last September for work
*And they get married
On a related note, i used to think Saddam Hussein was a terrorist, i liked George Bush cause he seemed funny, and we used to make fun of Bin Laden's name, calling him "Salama bil Gladen" (the salami was hungry) and other similar names.
Hail for the people showing to the indescribably arrogant politicians that the society has the last word.
лопата in bulgarian too :DD
We win the battles -> lose the wars.
Which is kinda stupid because that way they would know who had test on that day and find who was the caller
They lay claim to the same lands.
Well in chat it usually comes after : as you write something so it ends up as :)
Should be the ol' reliable "Maika ti deeba"
I do not understand this – food, shelter, water etc.
I am certain to a socialist, anarcho-communalist or a Marxist this makes a huge difference.
Every person has his rights about his life.
Well said, I doubt they will take that into consideration tho.
Haha the USA is a great country, however after Trump-the-Clown won the elections it changed its name to TrumpLandia and i believe by the end of his ruling it'll be far away of great :P
Really
We're all in this together
There I found a 1980’s translation of “The left hand of darkness” by Ursula Le Guin
Greece - I hope we can extend our arms even further than today and create common history positively more often
Or that all English historical figures and rulers are actually Irish.
Bohater
Democracy doesn't mean free to not honour your obligations and still get rewarded.
Every haematology cabinet, gynecologist practice, GP and sexology practice has brouchures and information about it
I was like lol OK
Switching to the euro now would annihilate the entire Bulgarian economy
That's the actual name for the country in Bulgarian.
Oh happy day from one union to another
Is there an inherent conflict between democracy and socialism in your view?
I was going to say Bulgarian's one was perfect although if you got with it to /r/bulgaria people would have conducted a civil conversation proving you wrong
And on the spectrum (or compass), are they up or down
Its rather pathetic that you got so mad for people not wanting to move to the US.
Because then I'm moving to Spain
Let's be honest, there are manipulated news everywhere.
Ok then you are in agreement with the Vatican/Pope in this case and against the Order of Malta.
But then l realise l'm one of the lucky ones who have yet not been humiliated by
That's not just in Serbia
Nah, y'all have been doing well in relations with the EU and NATO
I'd personally struggle with Russian as the grammar is way different, but some people understand it quite a bit
Bulgaria does not need more money, we are running a surplus,we need to actually spend more, borrow more and stimulate our economy
If online games with loot boxes have taught me anything about life it's that the market will never self regulate itself
Pros: I cant remember any pros in living in Bulgaria nowadays
In presidential republics such as the USA, France and Russia the president is one of the most powerful people in the state in terms of powers and he is a representative/head of of the government
Every language is pleasant in it's own way.
I am telling you - FOX news saw the parallel with trump's border practices
Italians just refuse to believe the idea of this imaginary continent named Europe
There have been some policies aimed at bringing Bulgarian diaspora back in the country, but with little success
Our prime minister - whom we have been protesting against for 2 weeks now - is bragging all around how we got more money than last time even though the overall budget is lower
That being said, our Prime Minister Boyko Borisov isn't the most popular among people and his public image (as a man of the people, for lack of a better term) has mixed reception - mostly positive, perhaps, at least for the "uneducated masses". As for the people who are strongly opposed to him - he's a good focal point of a lot (dare say - all) of the corruption within our political and judicial system, but I can't call the people preaching for other politicians more educated - just *sick of his shit*. We hate all our politicians though
There is no such thing as ancestral or communal guild.
Are we categorising people or a geographical location
That's sad
Like a populist opinnion would be rent controls for instance, but empirical evidence has shown that it doesn't work and economic theory supports that finding
The other group of people are the expats, which, for the most part, are a very welcome addition
Unfortunately everything is in French, a language i am not familiar with!
The Spansh cards look like the large Arcanas of the Tarot cards
They often suffered from malnutrition - I remember a handler asking a kid to throw some bread from the balcony for the bear to eat
The Bulgarian media did the same recently as well.
>I have no idea how to speak German
Besides Muslim countries haven't complained only of Muhammad drawings
This is another one of those emotional arguments on how things are just too different and unique and nobody understands the perils of the poor French people
My *Dictionary of Foreign Words in the Bulgarian Language* says it was borrowed from the French *plage*, which in turn comes from the Italian *piaggia*.
And here we see the Pederast in its natural habitat, Lulin.
This is false - the Polish defence was not only active on 17 September, but it actually lasted up to 6 October, more time fighting the Soviets and Germans than the Germans alone.
Yeah, we did have a dispute with Turkey, too but not anymore
Legalized but regulated
We cry about terrorism, crime etc, but they are nothing compared to idiotism like this.
&#x200B;
Hopefully someone else can decide to argue with you and we can see both sides of the argument in person.
People said earthquakes and that mf is listening
" Pretty much any degree from a 3rd tier university anywhere in Western Europe is praised more than whatever education you can get in Bulgaria " - definitely not true, at least not for third tier
It's definitely a deep cultural thing, as I do know that the literary Turkish language has "politeness" gramatically ingrained in it, and people seem to really adhere to that
While the UK may have a good amount of Roman sites preserved, I would like to argue that places like Greece and Spain have just as many if not even more so I don't think the answer is as "easy" as some people would like to think
People from Eastern Europe are coming to the UK **legally** using the proper entry points with the correct papers.
French - Merci
There's is a lot of corruption, mostly it manifest through lawsuits going nowhere.
Glad to hear it :) Some interesting places to visit are [the Belogradchik Fortress and Rocks] [the Rila Monastery] [the Seven Rila Lakes] Actually the Wikipedia page on BG tourism is pretty exhaustive -
Well, that's maybe North Macedonia, but also our neighbours can be rivals too, but Greece are rivals with Turkey; Romania are with Hungary; Serbia are with Croatia and Bosnia
Oh you can just fuck right off with that.
That's the Bulgarian language part
And our girls are as pretty as ever.
02€ per month versus 286
At my job when appraisals come round all we talk about is the salaries we (want to) get
hahaha *cries in aphantasia*
An old grandfather lives in the middle of nowhere in a place that doesn’t even have a name
In bulgarian I guess the only weird thing that I can think about besides double negatives, is that we describe forest with the word гора (Gora) and mountain with планина (planina) which kind of doesn't make sense when you think about it
But mostly i want to post on r/europe with the hope others will also share pictures of beautiful flowers taken on their own and in Europe of course.
Merkel calling out Bulgarian prime minister Boyko Borisov for wearing mask wrong
Yeah I don't think we ever will be either
Funny, in Bulgarian it's almost the same like "autostop".
Only reason I don't watch the other YouTubers is because they are pretty immature and make stupid and unfunny jokes
All slavic languages have wild amounts of similarities
Also quite a lot of Bulgarians in the region around Edirne launched the [Ilinden-Preobrazhenie uprising] Most of the Bulgarian population was either expelled or killed during the Second Balkan War in 1913.
Russians in Crimea make up barely over half of the population.
How do you deny the whole thing happened
Byzantium
It's pretty bad, especially the justice system, which is why it's so difficult to hold officials accountable, despite all the petitions, protests and journalist investigations in the world
The janitors / dustmen / dishwashers, the low-paid undesirable jobs
Yup, every year
Do you know how many members does this church have?
I'm actually very surprised when somebody I meet (around my age) doesn't know any English, and I've had friends express similar disbelief when people they work or study with are unfamiliar with it
Good TV shows and movies, some nice games and music and some great authors.
Nice
>One must be careful about allowing wishful thinking to outweigh reality
Dobrudja - the bread basket of Bulgaria.
Stream it
Had one crazy late snowfall a couple years ago around mid-April, if I remember correctly
All the evidence comes from RT, which is flooding the web with poplitical disinformation.
Do you know when the article is come to use
We have the same in several cities
starting the second Balkan war because they were not happy with what we got from the first Balkan war
I don’t spend much time in Pirdop because of School and Uni, the current pandemic situation not withstanding, but I haven’t had any problems with strays
Thanks for telling me about that option.
However both most likely winning candidates have stated that sanctions against Russia need to be removed (one said 'reassessed', which is essentially the same), so actually our next president will never be heard making such statements as the one in the title.
Roma Invicta
In the beautiful building with beautiful interior and seats
The so called funds are not even close to the value the west gets from the deal.
The highways here are wonderful however and are at a much higher standard than the surface streets
Who says it will be good in the long term?
Montenegro Greece and Albania are so accurate lol
When I was a kid literally everyone used to walk to and back from school, usually in small groups of 4-5 kids who all lived in the same neighbourhood or area of the city
The person who got elected is a Kremlin stooge.
That we would explore new planets and other solar systems.
Alright, what do you say to someone who thinks that Corporate Court, that have no democratic legitimacy sound absolutely terrifying?
I get they don't trust what Greeks and Bulgarians are saying
Ahh Burgadidas, the town of the 3 stripes.
You don't travel 20min in circles looking for a parking spot on a bad day
Buzludzha is an amazing looking building
Is it something that Serbians learn at school
What are the chances for finding a job soon?
I know that Belgium has administrative division, based on ethnicity with each divisin having their own government and Brussels had this weird division as well
It ruled in the beginning of the millennium, after that had worse result and participated in coalition with BSP and then fell out the parliament and became largely irrelevant (Simeon Saxe-Coburg-Gotha had retired by this time)
(And is probably a disservice to countries like China that was influenced by Taoism, Buddhism and Confucianism)
Playing the media and voters doesn't work the same way in France as it does in America.
Nah you know what, Romanian is a beautiful language
I think they're all pretty centrist.
But when there is an earthquake what do you do
Made a cup out of the dudes skull
As for foreigners  - they just assume we are talking funny Russian and don't make difference between different dialects I think
In the West, the city of Pernik spent *months* without water this past year
that is because even tho turkey in its current state isnt joining the eu any time soon the eu secretly REALLY whants turkey in it(turkey has good geographical position strong economy and political power)
We say "at its mother's pussy"
Das sage ich aus eigener Erfahrung
They were fully integrated in Roman society in their lands
Does every country resurrect these laws only when a minority is affected?
I'm alright with everyone except the National Front.
He said globalist and I was reminded of that video and I thought it was funny to post it lol
As a young man, I've got no problem walking around most of my city alone at night (with the exception of certain neighbourhoods, going through which even in brought daylight is considered a bit adventurous)
I've driven in both cities and I think traffic is about the same
Well some recent events showed that peaceful existence is not a permanent state.
7% in 2009, 4
Nice
By closing off it's maritime border for Russian navy or cargo ships that can deliver large Russian military equipment to Serbia.
Plovdiv decorated itself wonderfully for the Christmas ball (Photo Gallery)
We made teleportation wristbands from scotch tape rolls
All three major powers had claims on different parts of Macedonia prior to the Balkan wars, on different grounds.
I think I would freeze to death.
As a Bulgarian, it's not hard to understand most South Slavic languages, as well as Russian.
Slavi is one of the pillars of chalga, always has been
In Germany
Facts state that they declared war on us and occupied us
Have never visited the UK, and will never visit it.
The same idea might be good in the eyes of the Brits and bad in the eyes of the French
Macron’s government also plans to invest 15 billion euros in job training over the next five years
As the old ones are not significantly smaller if at all
VI VON
*(3) No part of the people, no political party nor any other organization, state institution or individual shall usurp the expression of the popular sovereignty
Oh and saying Fuck you is like " hello "
YOU DO
Haha, we're always cursing those damn Romanians and their damn decent (looking) economy
Nobody is bleeding them dry, this is just protestor propaganda at this point or a gross misconception that has naturally propagated across social media
I pay 5 euro for 100 mbps LOL
Basically the country is split by russophiles and russophobes
We are threatened with having more old people than of working age within this century, and finding workers is the chief obstacle to our economy and companies.
Err
It's a beautiful town on the northern slopes of Stara planina with lots of culture and traditions from the Revival period
I don't know how it's called in English - the director, laughed his ass off when I was brought up to him by the security soldiers
1 lev - 1 bread or 1 packet ? (plastic jar
>Cartoon Network
It guides people to threes that needs felling
>Meanwhile, I saw a whole two people wearing a mask when I went shopping yesterday
And as for when I had to make presentations for class I just searched in YouTube "How to make a presentation" or "How to edit
It's basically everywhere, no gendered words, easier grammar
2 days for your marriage, and we have 45 days sick leave to take care of children per year
But Hindi means turkey in Turkey
Looks like a bargain but I've heard some bad things about A1
I don't think Putin is bluffing.
I’d say it’s 28-32 in Bulgaria
I had planned a trip to Valencia for my daughter to see the Oceanographic Museum fir her birthday
The PG's role is mostly to act as an "umbrella" that protects mafia interests from any serious investigation, or just conducts botched investigations so that they fall apart in court
So Ural is just imaginary border.
According to some UFO-chasers, they were digging to find some mystical or alien artefact
But in general the ones who go for the alcohol more so than the location.
Yes i do believe all of Scandinavia has a particular care for the wellbeing of children and that's something truly wonderful to admire about the region.
None of us mentioned the word victim.
What about that ancient big empire that fell?
This is surprising
Reforms to the vocational-training system will help remove the barriers for hiring people
Croatian - Hvala
People in the West laugh at people with Eastern dialects and vice versa
A plastic bag full of plastic bags
The "Gallup" entry is actually called "Gallup International" which has absolutely nothing to do with the actual Gallup.
I never said "Кипър наш" like some Russian apologists say about Crimea.
>but still refuse to learn the language of their country just because of their bullshit ancestry
It could simply default back in time when most of the debt was in private hands and after that to start reforming its obsolete system.
In fact, even though Bulgaria was aligned with the Axis powers during WWII, most of their Jewish population survived the war
I left in 2002 then went back again in 2009 and left finally in 2012.
Probably it is more common to just say "blagodarya" but if you want to be more personal, you definitely add a pronoun "blagodarya ti" or "blagodarya vi".
Turks born in Bulgaria are citizens too you know.
This was the best Yugoslavia documentary I have ever seen
What's with the EU and their dreams of breaking up the UK
aren’t that different
Also a bunch of transport craft.
We have a city named Pernik near the capitol, and people always joke that you"ll get beaten up if you go there
The fact is EVERYTHING has been rejected by parliament, so if the EU wants a deal, it needs to offer a bunch of unicorns
But i do generally sympathize more with other Europeans than distant countries.
We had beautiful nature but we are destroying it fast, We had great education but we dont have it anymore .But at least we have 1300 years of history at least so we can remember about the lost Bulgaria
Well the year goes by and I'm doing my oral exam
Aren't we worse off than you guys are
How’s a white person of Spanish descent different to a white person of French descent, for example
4 million come to the streets to protest, then  the situation will be quite different and resignation should be immediate
And how can they smoke if selling tobacco to those born after 2015 will be prohibited?
Bulgaria invented the Cyrillic alphabet used in a big part of the world
For example, a haircut in Bulgaria is about a third of the price of one in the UK.
It's really fascinating
Now it's just thrown in the trash and actively promotes the decrease in intelligence of your population
That also has the nice effect of raising labor standards in those third countries.
Pictures of flowers i've been posting on this sub, were actually all taken with my crappy camera.
Keep up the fight Hungarians
Any better than that is well, not fair.
2: Is the proposition acceptable
Its historicity is not somehow tainted
I like the mountains and the forests.
I do not live in English speaking country so i do not need to improve it.
I'd expect my closest friends to act as if they are at their own homes, so if they open the fridge when we are at my place to eat or have drinks - no
Benis :DDD
True
I know you want to present it in other way but this is the reality of the situation.
More younger people are likely to identify themselves as undecided or atheist than older generations
We just had a presidential election on Sunday.
Sweden and Finland torture
Like we are allowed to
It seems soul is the new buzzword around here
I usually keep it around 20-ish during the day, because sun makes me feel warmer, even though it's still around 20C inside actually
English is not my native language.
I'm Bulgarian and I don't **personally** know any Star Trek fans here except me.
According to wikipedia there are only 5000 of them in the 11m population.
Policies were largely liberal-centrist, not without major corruption scandals
I've been using Firefox for the past 10 years.
Bulgaria uses that too
Someone has obviously put a lot of effort but I don't get it
It means those 5 years in the university (degree in Bulgarian and English) and before that 7 years of watching Cartoon Network as a kid weren't a waste of time
The last census was in 2011 iirc
Cyrillic was actually created in Bulgaria.
I can have a decent quality of life and our politics are too entertaining to miss out
Feel bad for you guys for eating that at Christmas.
It's funny when Europeans use it.
You might as well rename this sub as r/uk_usa as the majority of the userbase seems to be from those places.
The keyboard of my phone combines the two in one keyboard so I can just long press if I want say, à. On my laptop, I have shortcuts (like ` + a = à)
I am merely pointing out that no Bulgarian would ever hold the views on barbaric Turkish imperialism that he does.
I met my best Czech friend because he decided to scream "you have big tits" in Czech to the girl who presents the new year's eve national concert in the capital
Today (24th of Dec) is Badni vecher or Christmas Eve
Where did you get your info that Russia's doing it?
Highways so good the asphalt probably won't last a decade
It's really not that hard in Bulgaria
Kliment Ohridski (kliment from ohrid): you know that weird Russian alphabet
Yeah after thinking about it practically I understood it.
'' was said so much without explaining what soul in a building even is that it's now a thought terminating cliche
I personally don't like eating heavy breakfast but i find the concept of linking food with certain time of the day really dumb.
Some people actually work on minimum wage discovers shocked news site.
Siendo búlgara en España, me reí de esto más de lo normal jajajaja
The answer is obviously no
Do you really need dobrudzhja
The old and the new empires and nations
***(1) Bulgaria shall be a republic with a parliamentary form of government
Don't give up your dreams to follow those of someone else
It would of been incredible if there were a wild animal on the shot.
Nice
Maybe we can ask the state to start penalising those who deceive their future employers in their CV's?
And do not forget that they lived in a form of entity called Empire, as i said the successful multi-ethnic states were - Empires.
Aren't the green areas some of the most sparsely populated in Europe?
The "fuck" equivalent in here is "ebal sum ti majkata", which literally translates to: "I will fuck your mom". We also have like 10-15 ways to phrase that and I don't think anything else comes close in popularity
We were perfectly fine without their occupation
Outside of the "the Bulgars were the Huns" theory
The main party GERB , put a very weak candidate and even though the general is more pro russia than europe i'd vote for him on the 2nd tour.
Don't know how they asked the question but at least in Bulgaria you have to specifically ask Japanese or South Korean otherwise people lurch into thinking other nationalities
Bulgar names like Kubrat, Asparukh and Tervel
So  your attitude actually helped a lot
Well, not sure the source on the original map, but Romania was part of the First Bulgarian Empire for hundreds of years.
Mile Kitic is like a god in the northwest.
Meanwhile Russia, Ukraine, Belarus etc.
The fuck does that mean your language makes no sense
>And I think you're wrong
When I was in Berlin in the end of 2014, some people were walking and smoking here and there, seemingly undisturbed, so it was a matter of time (didn't know joint was still illegal in Germany, never checked it up)...
Why 05 and not 00005
I've tried American Greek yoghurt, and it tastes like sugar
You can't say that when the full English breakfast exists mate
You can't want less unemployment, more investments etc without the proposed reforms, unless you just want France to borrow money until it's credit rating gets destroyed and it defaults leaving everybody in the country worse off
America has a fastly growing population, almost 1% per year.
We fight against the forces of anti-Europeanism , corruption and foreign imperialism.
Some claim they found an alien powersource, explaining the beams of light, that at some point came out of the hole, some claim they found the tomb of the egyptian godess Bast
Black people in america have endured ethnic eradication - they never really know their origins, their ethnicities, their native languages
That one is great too
Don't you dare make fun of the sultan!
Bulgarians have a joke going that we understand everyone's language but nobody understands ours
I don't think we have cities named after other cities, but it's mostly because ours are thousands of years old.
He doesn't do euphemisms or metaphors really, but his base always claims he is "just joking" even though the only time I saw a genuine laugh out of that man was when someone called Hillary a dog or whatever it was, lol
Only if something happened like a school shooting, or something stupid Trump said, or some new invention is made there
There is no problem with the UK getting a good deal, you simply won't get one, as good as what you had before Brexit.
oh wow, that's surprising
And you think you own us because you funded a highway?
Our defense minister at 53
I will explain it again since you are a bit slow.
Maybe I am just getting old and slowly morf into the "back in my days" kinda guy, but Sunny beach was a beautiful resort
Unfortunately only proof was the story of this businessman and I do not believe him 100%. His actions are not very logical
Painfully accurate though
I'm throwing my vote for them anyway.
Most people tend to visit Greece & Turkey because of said facts
Not very surprising, leaving the Euro would completely wreck the Greek economy, this has been discussed at length here years ago.
If you want to go to a good restaurant then you can totally walk through the little streets that lead to Vitosha bul
They used to be the precursors of the Shengen, because they generally had cross-border agreements before it (not sure about that)
Elementary school - You set the basics
It's not the first time the EC has tried to pass bullshit copyright laws either
When they would ban some Latvian foodstuff or something, the excuse is some pretty arbitrary clause of Russian hygiene law.
You are saying this as a joke, but high schoolers in Bulgaria are huge, bigger that mid age and old people
Homeless natives do suffer because of the cold weather as well.
Four or five
"Where would my soul go, where should I hide my tears
I worked with a girl in the states who's grandparents were Bulgarian
Yeah, I have nothing against Finland
I survived only because I was drinking heavily and was therefore immune to cold.
This doesn't apply to private schools
"Everything I don't like is Russian-funded!"
Well, Ukrainian being a Slavic language certainly helps, some of the words are identical to Bulgarian, but overall it’s a difficult language to get when you have to exposure to it (it’s no Serbian or Russian, with which Bulgarians are way more familiar)
Even more so if it is written
The main difference is that when Austria does something stupid they kindly excuse themselves while the Germans take the beating
I felt as if I'd accidentally agreed to go on a 16 hour fast
Because of it and the cool "Russian" connotation our accent has I don't feel too bad about ours
Nasty and messy divorce should NOT be considered as option here, as both parties will lose.
I think I spend more time here per thread reading comments than any other subreddit.
I have some distant cousins in the US that are third generation emigrants, they can barely speak Bulgarian but they still celebrate their name days
[bgmaps
But we do love the jews though ️
Yes we have a political party named DOST that was created to serve Erdogan, but it is projected that it won't get enough votes to get into parliament.
Thought serbia was beating Austria easily on their northern front until Bulgaria joined the fray and attacked the weaker Eastern border
And from my entire course of people (we had 24 graduates) I don't think anyone became a teacher after graduation - even this one girl we had who was supper diligent and both her parents were teachers as well
Because Lithuania hasn't done anything to you, this kind of thinking is exactly why Russia is in the place it is.
All of Europe will be ours soon.
Assimilation is a viable method of integration.
And even then, Ancient Mesopotamian, Egyptian, Greek and Roman religions were studied much more in comparison
But I fear nothing less than some government law like "have at least two children by 40 years old", basically the opposite of the Chinese one child policy, is going to fix this
As  person who has lived in a high tax society I'm telling you, not only is it inefficient, it's frustrating and leaves you always wanting more
What form of fascism you actually see, remains mystery.
There is also a village called "Крайници" (Kraynitsi) which translates to limbs
The problem with people saying "new euro low" isn't that it's going to correct itself in the future, the problem is that such a small fall isn't news at all.
I also saw a dancing monkey once
Dying language within Romanian borders?
My dad has a lot of those
С - with
[Here's what it looks like in real life.]
After all within 2 years and several months Britain will no longer be a part of it.
I usually ride on the street as cars are more predictable than pedestrians and I am more visible to drivers on intersections.
Sep 17, 2012"
The entirety of Eastern Europe begs to differe.
Sunday is just a date on the calendar, even if we don't get in on the first try , the real work is just beginning and I am positive that as long there are so many young people willing to put their free time and energy to a cause we will succeed sooner or later.
Whoosh
Dude, very little documents have survived from that time.
Still, no Bulgarian publishers
Sexy mayor is so close to Bulgaria...
Cyril and methodius were from thessaloniki which was not Bulgarian at that time
I wonder why those nations don't like Russia
And of course the president of Bulgaria must be a Bulgarian citizen by birth
Most people know for sure that the green means nature, red means blood that has been spilled in wars, but when it comes to white most people are like
Even creating chaos and because of lies and conspiracies
There're lots of interesting things to see and do if you know where to look.
I don't know if that was some good self-parody or complete lack of self-awareness.
For example, "пивоварна/pivovarna" means brewery
Croatia is also very much Southeastern/Balkan even if it had A-H history.
EU Commission to give Cyprus €3.1 billion euro in case of solution
In Varna it was discovered the oldest golden treasure in the world, the Varna Necropolis, dating more than 6000 years back and we are 3rd in Europe with the most archaeological monuments/sites after Italy and Greece
Here's the actual EU anthem [Ode to Joy]
The mountains surrounding this fortress are filled with small chapels and shrines, which attracts tourists.
That's interesting, because I'm a Bulgarian, I speak Italian and I passed a Spanish test having never studied Spanish in my whole life
Most houses are old, moldy and with old windows
So accept my comment as "Replacing the blind faith in God with equally blind faith in A,Z,X..."
According to [Bulgarian data]#Ethnic_groups) (wiki quotes the National Statistics Institute as a source), we have a lot more Turks than Russians.
In fact, you're getting the opposite in return.
Better invest in weapon technology, science or education.
We are just incapable to find the right path.
Our sources for the Antiquity are usually so few and brief that you can try to prove just about any thesis
(There are selective classes, and college is optional
No ethnicity mentioned, and the turkish republic was supposed to promote secular and humanistic values, not traditional ones.
It's the first thing I said in my post.
The lexical differences are much bigger, and the grammar is insanely different
What would be the legal justification to deport people to third countries that are not their country of origin?
Russia just creates chaos by different means
I was also circumcised at an age old enough that I can remember parts of the experience.
It's got to be [this one]
Reason is so people who use apple can use public utilities provided in the EU like charging ports
The state negotiates medicine prices and pays for them entirely for most chronic conditions, children and the elderly
That is why they are loyal to Bulgaria for the most part.
Sometimes the state would stop existing, for 100 years occupied by the Byzantines, for 480 by the Ottomans, but the nation already was born with that name and that identity when it happened.
To have balanced trade you need each country/region to focus on what it is most efficient at producing, not to limit Free Trade, which simply pushes the world to achieving the greatest measure of efficiency in each region because if it doesn't, it will get overcompeted by the same industry in a more efficient region.
I'm leaving the richest 20% off of this.
I wrote the same, Kurdish nationalism will question the existance of Turkey in its current state.
Are you 5
I'm inclined to agree with them
This started relatively recently, probably 4-5 years ago
They are not the only target, but they will be targeted, too.
After 12 years of this circus who in their right mind would want to stay in a school
Mind you, I'm talking about the politics and the actions, I have Russian friends and it's not the people's fault
It is probably not about the actual land, but the strategic significance of having control over the Gibraltar straits.
I remember looking it up and so many countries have it all over the world and I cannot understand why the fuck its a thing
Shit I hate being an average Bulgarian
On the other hand, the fact you do not see many people in the UK taking pride in their Roman heritage and even outright mocking it may be exactly because they don't have as strong a relation to it culturally
For example the Wolverine(the hero not the animal) is called the Wearwolf, which makes no sense
I live in Bulgaria, which is eastern Europe as fuck and when I started my current job a week ago, I created a simple monthly budget spreadsheet so I can see exactly how far my 214 EUR salary can get me.
Best cold is when there is snow.
are also property, of course the above version of rights guarantees them same as other property.
The normal version is not sweet at all.
Even better - choose a different time
From the EU website
Besides that exception, always English - if I can read a book in its original text, I would
[The Taman peninsula was not part of Circassia]
The slope of the incline is so low because our politicians are still corrupt as hell
She'll have them all beat in 4 years, though
[Doni i Momchil - Umoreni Krila] - This one is very melodic.
Why Germany
People wrote delations that ruined other people's lives and careers just to get promoted, or for no particular reason.
Fuck off little timmy, come back when you've faced actual issues
One doesn't really need to personally benefit from a certain right to care to protect it
Oh ok - makes sense, in Bulgarian we also don't throw the article in there when naming something, ie: Български институт за стандартизация, or, Български Институт по Метрология.
"What's hap'nin?" or "How are you?"
In its hardest form, visas will be reintroduced for British citizens visiting the EU and vice versa.
And no, it's not the tracksuits lol
Yeah I didn't get that, maybe try to be a bit more understandable.
A third option will be made available to me in May, when the third line of our metro opens, which will be 5 min walk + 10 min by metro
oh no what have we done again
Wait, what
Use it maybe once a month for big stores like Ikea or for a day trips to places around city
The guy had fucking Kazakhstan as orthodox ffs.
Reading all the comments from neighbouring countries makes me feel as if i live elsewhere
Not really anything to do other than drinking either
Some of them were part of the [battle and capture of Odrin (Edirne)]
- Sofians are significantly richer than the average Bulgarian
In the pre-digital era, I think this stands out:
Turkey has already annexed Northern Cyprus.
The fundamental difference between Turkey and Russia is that Turkey does not seek to annex Northern Cyprus whereas Russia directly redrew the borders and announced the territory as their own land.
In Bulgaria we must write in cursive in school
Egypt, Assyria, Babylon, Persia, Greece, Rome
I do, they're the same things basically
A theoretical US nationalist should always work as a counterweight to Russia, as opposing force, so to speak.
Closing borders and refuse all migration doesn't work.
With more than 1.4 million followers, but he never gets more than 400 retweets and 0 replies.
The Thracian link is also pretty hazy in places
The rest
Altho they shouldn't be and nobody should work for free
r/absolutelynotmeirl
At the beginning of spring every year we have festivals around the country where men would dress with thick costumes made of animal hydes and fur and wear a ton of giant bells around their waists
Sorry - I forgot that basically the president gave them a mandate.
I remember reading that we used to have some of the best maternity leave in the world - two years paid, first year paid in full
Where i live now, no such need, but still i do use facial sunscreen for about 2 months as dermatologist recommended.
I don't wanna force you to believe in anything.
For Bulgaria it is easy to explain.
As we all know, the Soviets built a lot of communist monuments related to the Soviet presence in the chosen country, for various reasons
There are American troops in Germany right now.
Still can be seen well in the English language as in the mainland germanic languages you now have "frau or vrouw" for women
And to answer your question - all of them
Yes, during the third monarchy the Great Powers installed Western nobles as our monarchs, first Alexander of Battenberg and then Ferdinand of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha
I want to thank all our neighbours for trying to forget our history and live in peace+food
The thing about leverage though is once you use it you have nothing left.
>  I'm pretty certain that it's either a Latin loan or a proto-Indo-European cognate
After all remember it is a wild flower, nobody water it or grown it in a pot.
It looks like the majority of EU Eastern Europe has managed to avoid it already.
Definitely a thing in Bulgaria - well known cheap booze destination
Hypocrisy has nothing to do with this because they aren’t the same situation
I agree that English is much more influential in not just Slovenia but many other countries as well
*Ready to talk with our red president about fighting corruption.
Pretty sure Solun was never Bulgarian,like not even once captured.But yea gib back Thrace you Gyro Scum!!!
Importing it won't be as easy once you're out of the single market.
Let's stop blaming the Ottomans for everything.
Greece and the Eurozone made a deal.
Small piercings are often seen on people working in business buildings
Economic policy of the kind I'm talking about has nothing to do with culture,egalitarianism or family values
I'd consider trading with the EU as a third country "losing" the single market.
And why am I still answering you
I would like to laugh at Turkey, but they are too fucking close!!!
It's very easy for us both written and spoken
And none of those buildings have outside isolation
Which BTW will cost everyone money, nothing is free
If I am driving without stopping I can easily go to Austria or even Germany for those 13hrs
Getting tired of all that Brexit, Brenter, Brequit, Brejoin and so on.
Rakhia(ракия)it tastes like fruit flavored fire to me but otherwise its fruit flavored vodka
I think that development of the rover and sending it to the moon cost more than the prize.
Also Turkey despite have land in Balkan Peninsula I wouldn’t consider them as that
In fact, as i worked in several western countries, you're ignorant about our region.
Definitely have a hot bowl of shkembe and a few kuftes.
"No I will not" or just some random sentence for greeting someone
Many in the teaching profession fear that continuous assessment will kill the prized national standard, and in effect bring in a two-tier bac, with more prestigious grades being awarded by top teachers in top schools, rather than by national markers
I rent a small apartment with my gf, but we are both registered at our respective parents homes
I'd love to argue but
I could be wrong though
Dark Humor and memes had a couple millions (if I remember correctly) and the site they made was more inactive than the discord server (which the mods abandoned one by one and eventually one of the new guys on the team nuked it
In which case .. why bother the theatre with the wallet and not straight up beat you
Wish i could upvote multiply times!
I bet you wouldn't have said anything if it was Moldova instead of Somalia on the map.
yeah, but there seem to be a lot more
Russophiles celebrate it as Victory day, some of them go and put flowers on old Soviet-era monuments
Plus we refused them soldiers for attacking Russia and we refused them any of our Jews
Employees everywhere yet no one is doing their job or wants to work, might as well not have them
My home town Dolna Banya (Down/Bottom Bathroom ) have 5 mineral water springs,  one of which was used in the roman bathhouse , after which the town is named
Maybe if you were able to understand what and how he is talking (which is not his only problem) you would know what i mean
Time will come when the Western part of europe will start to understand the Eastern part of Europe :/
Mind shearing how was he damaged?
Yeah, well there are already Switzerland, Lichtenstein, Luxembourg and Ireland for that purpose.
What about what other countries think about your country having certain statues
The National Palace of Culture in Sofia at night
So, to summarize, today Poles will stuff themselves with as many doughnuts as they can eat and grow fat.
Can tell there is a difference.
The country that emerged after the unification of the Principality with East Rumelia possessed only a portion of the territory inhabited by ethnic Bulgarians as proposed in the [San Stefano treaty]#/media/File:Bulgaria-SanStefano_-\(1878\)-byTodorBozhinov.png).
>How is war in Yugoslavia connected to Kosovo conflict
So any reform be it education,labor or tax is met with unions,students or residents stopping it
I don't think that the Romanian police will come at your place and will beat the fck out of you because you're living with another man, whom you married in...
Lol
Cool, we have the same custom in Bulgaria.
it is actually nothing in these times.
And the government shouldn't provide social housing for them, some years ago Bulgarian goverment did it and the gypsies sold their apartaments and went to the streets again
For example, I can write "Yesterday I bought my first dildo" and you now have no idea what kind of mental image to have about it
That may actually be a terrible idea
And they are around 7.5% and decreasing.
The oligarchy will just become more powerful and entrenched
The president will welcome them with open arms.
Summer time
Can tell it apart from Slovak and Polish, though, so there's some degree of passive knowledge I have in it just from being a slavic speaker, which is the only notable part
Under his new tax plan more people will be included in free healthcare and more money will be given to hospitals
The truth is always the worst
She's more Canadian than Bulgarian.
Bolsheviks or the other parties
Once/if this ever changes, they should'nt have too many troubles getting in
hahahaha
"Cultural appropriation" is complete bullshit.
WE HAVE MOUNTAINS
The fact they then use the wealth created by their wholly capitalist systems to fund large social welfare states is in no way indicative of what their economic systems are.
Nope, i advocate the exact same for Bulgarians, and did it in a different post before you wrote me this accusation, here's the link:
Each and every single of these regions has an indigenous population with its identity.
If you want to go to a good restaurant then you can totally walk through the little streets that lead to Vitosha bul
> One simple analogy: The Bulgarian state passes a shitty law
German Minister defends Lausanne Treaty, says Turkey can benefit from migrant deal
Speeding on the highway is not an issue so it is resources spent on something that has no correlation with accidents
the way everything works here
We’re talking like 1 or 2 years tops
Regarding the West Bank, you are not correct.
When you point out that the carbon lobby is way more rich and powerful, it doesn't really matter, they just change the subject
To forget pity personal conflicts
Sometimes both - as a result, I have friends and family all over the world
Also political correctness is not a thing here
And it's not even feel-good messages like "Jesus is coming", but crudely drawn devil faces with "Don't be part of Satan's play" and similar
An APP
You need to flesh out your arguments more, simply saying because I think so does not allow me to understand your position and opinion better
But Crimea was russian for more than 200 years.
70 €) , one way,  whitout discount
Lol so even Lithuanians acknowledge the Polish character/history of Wilno?
Now it's probably speculation whether they expected or hoped something like this to happen, but at the very least there was gross negligence
From the two options, I would say it's closer to "make sex
Even more so in the context of a post-communist state.
Most are very respectful, learn the language and adopt local customs
All languages can be written in all alphabets, for example:
had a layover along the way, got promoted, nbd
The best Bulgarian beers are "Stolichno".
Like it or not, it's what peak performance looks like
I prefer Bulgarian because it isn't "soup with grapes" and I think this mainly comes from the fact that it has been perfected and revised for a lot longer than English
One simple trick if you don't remember those pesky irregular past tense forms
Italian is hands down the most beautiful and especially musical language I've heard
You're applying liberal ideas : we should loosen workers right, lower taxes on companies, etc
Another hour, another retarded Erdogan remark.
Three good examples are a Russian sexologist who has been living in Bulgaria since I can remember myself
>One friend was using her toilet before she realised it was different and escaped without being noticed
> IT should be focused on more, not everyone goes to college
Wait, what
>We've added the word equality everywhere for a reason, we aren't a liberal country and never will be
UK sees EU as a single market to do business.
Things would be so much better if it weren't for so many voters being gullible and stupid
I'd rather have some terrorist attacks happen than risk the fundamentals of our free society.
Do you think someone cares what you believe mate?
I can't agree with you on this one.
I do not think the problem was cutting in public services, i think the problem is efficiency.
Meaning you can understand those languages to a certain degree
We consider them bulgarian, never had a rivalry with them.
After six months and two exams - i got my paper.
They appeal mostly to nationalists, who often overlap with football hooligans
many revolutionaries and so on
However that poor friend sped up and reached the desk before me and already had money on his hands and already ordered the tickets
I can tell you what they're getting- lots of Russian gas and money.
As far as I am concerns that gives them considerably higher status than that of a terrorist organisation.
Lol shout out to Bulgaria when they fought every neighbor at the same time
As in just meaning "people"? If I'm not mistaken in old germanic both women and men were a form of man
Country: The impression I've gotten in my 21 years of living here Bulgarians seem to favor dogs
Call it banter if you like but in that case we could at least diversify our banter to include other countries
The French gave them bunch of brand new caravans to live into, like...
We have elections literally every year now.
The language isn’t xexxe
В гъза на географията. In geography's ass
I've done that a few times (in different bars) and there was no reaction, the barman was just " here you go boys, have fun" . So , I don't think there will be a different  reaction than this .
2.2% was the declared growth a month ago but the revised statistics showed it was actually 2%.
You haven't been to Bulgaria, have you
Every young person, I've talked to, that were too little to remember life before 2007 consider other EU nationals as foreigners, but they are not as foreign as someone from outside the EU
Sure it will not be as comprehensive for the economy for both entities as it is now, but something can be achieved if emotions do not prevail.
Serbs would give you a good run for your money too
They struggled more than the others, of course, but they definitely caught up way faster than is normal
Really depends on what kind of stuff you're into
) but these are still left to be exhibited properly
And almost no articles from Spain or Norway, both European countries.
(It's not "racism", it's just statistics.
In Bulgarian it's similar - the word is пищов (pishtov)
India, Morocco, Argentina, etc
Yes, of course
Hypocritical
One more and we are back to our ultimate form
Investors open jobs and improve infrastructure, they don't help a family of 10.
The Greeks in Greece are called Ionian(s) / Yunan(lar).
After growing populism and nationalism in Western Europe, what do Eastern Europeans think of the West?
Ahhhahahahahah...cigarette butt water.
You just need to have a strong gut to work this kind of job
August-September is full of tourists, especially Russians, and it's too crowded.
Huh...Celts did not know about coal.
Чичо / леля for adults, let's say....
And yes, Russia can vaporize Germany in a blink of an eye.
Bulgaria, Sofia, very roughly, as order of magnitude
If you don't have Europe as an ally you would be far less relevant.
We should keep up the great work, Europe
During nationals there were three rounds - 1st round is spelling a word from the list, 2nd round is the judges giving you a word in bulgarian from the list and you need to translate and spell the word in english, 3rd round is unknown words from a separate list you don't receive
I want to thank all our neighbours for trying to forget our history and live in peace+food
From its own national security point of view, it simply does not suit Bulgaria to defend such a position.
^(wait)
What I'm trying to say is that for the average uni graduate, moving abroad makes little sense, other than collecting some life experience.
China puts out 10.967mil tons of CO2 with a population of 1.3bil, while do EU puts out 3.470mil tons per 510mil people.
The housekeeper is in shock, because from her point of view there's some unknown gentleman that just entered and started undressing himself.
For example my dad found some old weapons
Yes absolutely
Happy independence day Latvia
*Shubler*, *shaiba*, *shina*, *shur* and *shantsa* (ski jumping thing) are also used in Bulgarian
Trust me on that subject, i am a carpenter, i know what people order and what they buy for garden furniture.
Homogeneity does not cause falling birth rates.
I remember constantly playing a PC game about them when I was a kid
Where can I see who voted for what
So one thing led to another and I won in my category (the girl from my school didn't win), so I was basically going alone to nationals
Otherwise, we too had an empire
Did i write "when other countries start invading Britain"?
Tavener
we're 1 step ahead now, as there're plans for another one on *an island in the Danube*.
All my money goes to taxes and bills
To be fair when Macron was sliding we also got daily updates.
Ha, jokes on them, my country has no chance to qualify for the world cup anyways
It's really messed up, most teachers in public schools get less than 1000BGN (about 500EUR) a month, then there's the constant changes of how school works then there's the НВО after 7th grade which changes every year, 7th year itself is hell, and much, much more
Still can't wrap my head around it
Wait
Sarcastic ones
Anecdotal evidence, technically, so don't take my word for granted, it could just be the people I know
Forget this map
I was always curious, are the Swedish speakers in Finland regular Finns who just happen to speak Swedish as a native language due to history (Finland being part of Sweden for a very long time, similarly to most Irish people speaking English nowadays) or actual Swedish people whose ancestors moved to Finland and they managed to preserve their language
I would say the person standing behind the idea of such advertisement had a sense of humor.
That's interesting, because I'm a Bulgarian, I speak Italian and I passed a Spanish test having never studied Spanish in my whole life
>Also, why would Turkey try to attack us
Mashing them together creates chaos and war.
But honestly, I'm happy we even made it to the EU, there was a lot of opposition here, and we all know we are far from the most deserving member state too
I don't see anything on him approving a 40 billion law
They can't and I think this article is a pretty good example of why.
I don't trust Boyko's data
Promise to not backstab us with the serbs this time and finally GIB MACEDONIA?
Yeah, it was embarrassingly expensive
It's got a pool now
Lidl has different strategies for east and west
You regressive leftists have always resort to personal attacks when the arguments are against you.
I love the union
Even some danes and norwegians.
**Serbian** I would say 55% to 60%. Written I can understand the meaning almost all the time
I'd rather not tell you cause no matter what I say greeks and turks under my comment will argue whether Greeks or Turks made it even though I'm talking about the Bulgarian version
Before that the law simply required proving mismanagement.
2 days for your marriage, and we have 45 days sick leave to take care of children per year
American bbqs tend to be very large and outdoor only
I'm not aware of him doing anything against the Greeks
United Patriots (VMRO + Attack, I think they split lately) - far right, with visible traits of fascism
They also have a funny accent and drive VW Golf 3
If you think Russia would want a solution to the Kosovo conflict you are mistaken.
Do I get the right to a weekend at the Bahamas because I work 40 hours a week
I don't know why this picture has two rows of Africa but most of Sweden, Norway and Finland is missing, even though they're as big or bigger than Germany.
What the hell
I kind of thought Americans are likelier to do that, in addition to spelling some "conventional" names in more *kreatyve* ways (like the 10 thousand different ways to spell Katherine and it's variants)
On the contrary with their arrogance they even help accelerating it.
I don't know any Germans but even I would know immediately that he is German
No, Bulgaria is not 100% comprised of gypsies who will steal your TV
Another example is something I find with translations of English source material
Communism brought forth a high level of urbanization.
Smells like bullshit EU propaganda
Marriage name (I don't know how to call it) - It's optional and it's appended to the last name using a dash
That looks like the drink of dreams
Additional things you might want to check out is boza, a wheat-based creamy sweet drink, banitza, pastry filled typically with cheese (balkan cheese, not that yellow stuff), and tarator, basically what the greeks call tzatziki but made with bulgarian yogurt, garlic, and it's a soup instead of a salad (it's ideal for hot summer weather)
Personally I don't know what the answer could be or why anyone would be interested in an impoverished shithole like Bulgaria, but apparently that's the situation and that has been the situation for the last ~1400 years
I'm not going to argue with that, but do you visit other places with better level of discussion?
We are trading with the USA after all so we can't say we are that much of a human rights champions.
^(wait)
I personally already stocked white and green teas.
* the name must be a real human name from any culture - it can be a Bulgarian traditional name, Slavic, British, German, Muslim etc
I was hoping to be the first Cyrillic-bro to answer and confuse them, but you beat me
No, they were allowed to change them back after communism fell
Europe isn't the world's refugee camp.
Nothing's bad
Bulgaria
I don't trust Russia or the US at all and most people in my social surrounding don't either(I am 25).
It sucks though because it's not   objective, cause it's widespread and because it's not some harmless little myth but something big that actually affects important political decisions and ends up hurting our chances at prosperity
The state negotiates medicine prices and pays for them entirely for most chronic conditions, children and the elderly
Closest I can think of is banitsa, but it's more like a dish, than small serving portions
None really, although there is a province in the southeast part of Bulgaria with Turkish majority but those don't seem to be inclined for independence/integration in Turkey
> Viking-Magyars
That map doesnt show the whole story tho.
You have no idea of the kind of people that populate this planet.
One of our biggest problems in my opinion is our huuuuge inferiority comlplex
Probably the most cancer tv show i have seen.
In Russian it also works like this
I went to a sauna in Helsinki and it was so fun
Americans don’t take these things seriously because they’re not serious
Swedes seem to have figured it out about heating
Don't put your hopes on the metro, so you'll be surprised if it actually opens on the new deadline
Dude I feel like this was the longest winter ever
I'm a teacher by university degree, but I'm typing this from an office
The Prime Minister's daughter progressively got more jealous and one night it escalated to the point where she reportedly grabbed his gun and pointed it to her heart
There's a huge difference between say The Guardian and RT.
removing a genocidal dictator and restoring freedom to Iraqis and Kurds
And the bad children he takes with him when he leaves
Правите - you (plural) are doing
" дааеба"
They want debt written off and after that new bailout and to continue like that as long as possible.
But borisov has to go, 10 years is more than enough for you, snake
Scotland will probably break away if given the opportunity for another independence referendum.
Oh we have a shit ton, not a city or village in Bulgaria where you won't see some sorta stray animal
Maybe describes the population
Good for the city administration to improve to pedestrian and cycling infrastructure, since with the decline of public transport, the Plovdiv citizens certainly need an alternative
To defend my profile from what happened to Iberia.
Pyrrhic victory means a victory that came at such a cost as if you had lost
Um in Bulgaria we have very tight regulations right now
There are also some heathens in the middle that call them "sackche", but I pay them no mind because that's preposterous - there can only be two names for it
I've never been but it's where everybody I know goes to the beach, because it's better than ours
Hope there are not many casualties.
Should be the station on Cherni Vrah (highest peak in Vitosha mountain overseeing Sofia)
Sorry but as i don't live in BG i do not know the prices and what sort of packets they offer.
There is no the West vs Russia.
Did I miss something
With such a salary we could commute with a private jet :D
Then again, I haven't tasted my home's tap water for quite some time - I have been using a filtering pitcher for a few years now
That's the perfect way to commit suicide by cop.
Yes, it should have been liberal, instead of libertarian and you might even be right that this is intentional, but you can still use if if you know how it works.
Hey isn't it true that old Bulgarians live in Banat
Another section of Bulgarians can't pronounce w at ALL, so it gets replaced with u. So it's uindou (window), uash (wash), uear (wear), etc
I just wanted to note how italian is Italy's search
Well you are doing much better than us.
From most mentioned to least mentioned the top 5 would probably be:
Now I know why
Its usage is more common in words describing beer manufacturing
Cyrillic was created by Slavs, for Slavs
They can be eaten raw, pickled, baked, fried and boiled
Right now the former communist states within the EU are making sort of alliance.
Nah, we have it in Bulgaria, but I also have seen it in Italian forums, as well as half of the English-speaking ones - US, UK, Australia, etc
Clubs and bars were happily selling after midnight.
Japanese abilty to combine tradition (clothing and architecture) with modernity
Reality is, that nobody cares about Brexit.
cool
I like appelflap with coffee
I don't know how much of it was fiction but I remember reading about Stalin and Churchill quite literally dividing the Balkan states among the west and the east on a piece of napkin; one would write up the names they wanted and the other would correct, if necessary
For Bulgaria it is chervenkov
And I sincerely hope that "soon to be Norway" isn't because you heard Americans call Scandinavia socialist, because you'll be very disappointed once you go there if that's the case
Balanced is not misused at all
So in my case it was 6 months, and after that i had to take 2 exams.
Latin, though it isn't used many languages have their roots set in Latin
Israel just happens to steal the land of Palestinians, while claiming they are not
Cameron got way more than any other EU country
As long as it doesn't happen every couple of months or so, why ?
Pretty sure that guy is ukrainian.
Losses like that create generational holes that can never be filled
Yes, sadly
Sure, but there has to be at least somewhat thorough vetting.
He then went on to mutilate and rob the demonesses and later had to feed the undead in some grave to get some answers
That one is great too
But there are regional variations and they're sometimes called different names
It somehow is still popular, but I would not call it overrated.
So around a thousand people
[These two probably] In all seriousness all pictures I've taken in the last few years were done with a smartphone(I know, I know).
##ANANAS MASTER RACE
Half the population actually want PiS in charge
(Jokes aside, I got that thing about Iceland and seafood)
World - Here the sound for me is closer to Woorrd,  that danm L
Funny how a referendum that has nothing to do with the euro could lead to "Europe waking up to an immediate threat of disintegration".
No that is really bad actually.Bulgaria and Romania have a deficit in population growth and that is with gypsies who are in a huge+++++ having and average of 5 kids.This means that for 10 people that die in Bulgaria 9 are Bulgarians and 1 gypsy,they are replaced by 6 gypsies and 2 Bulgarians.If this continues in a hundred years Bulgarians and Romanians will be a minority in their own countries.And thats without the economic burden they cause on society because they live primary on welfare and on petty theft.
My closest people - we hug out for greetings and for departures
Things change when you're close to midage.
This is why many Brits retire in Bulgaria
Only if USA accept to rewrite their constitution in order for EU to appoint them a King/Queen on rotation principle form the EU country members
Yes
Politicians were always tools for business.
The island is not producing sufficiently enough food for the population.
Well it's hard to explain
I was born way after '89 so this history is nothing to me
Aha, I see what you mean now
I did, but few can afford it
Not that dense in some cities
I would visit them all
The cap would be zero, in a perfect world.
Americans don’t take these things seriously because they’re not serious
If someone decides to end his life there's no way of stopping him, so there should be more dignified ways to do it.
Car
on a stuffed deer
It's also a significant part of why he's popular.
There is however someone very, very dedicated to religious posters about hell here in Varna
>**Art
I don't know why I keep it for myself to be honest.
But what this guy stated is not diplomatic at all.
100% Obviously Turkey, like i wouldn't even be surprised with the recent bullshit they've been doing they might just turn their eyes West
This is the first time I see this word used in English
I mean a lot of your food is pretty "hearty".
This is true if you speak Bulgarian "correctly". If you speak with a thick dialect and for some reason haven't listened to standard Bulgarian much, maybe it will be harder
We have it both ways, haha
He was heavily influenced by the French revolution and the American revolutionary war and organised resistance in Bulgaria
But we have many heroes in our history:
Tesla is still an up an coming company
Yeah,gypsy growth is never good for our country.
Name days
This what having stronger ties to Russia gets you.
Antique were pretty big in Europe
As i said i haven't been to Romania but from what i see here, I'd assume that Bulgaria and Romania don't have the same living standards
Tbh I think they will have no deal because Eu wants to flex so no one else would think  of leaving
None
Even China that plays cocky with all of its neighbors avoids any direct or indirect clash with Russia.
They also state that the children regardless ethnicity are welcome in greek schools.
* Krum - the Khan that made a drinking cup out of the Byzantine Emperor's head
IDK what these people will do when he finally dies
Sofia (the city I live in) is 550 meters above sea level and it's the third highest European capital after Madrid and Andorra la Vella
It's no business of the state to meddle in free transactions between free individuals.
EDIT: What
Whoever claims the opposite is delusional.
Can't you come up with something else?
Increasing military spending got nothing to do with Trump-the-Clown, it was an agreement which NATO countries signed more than a year ago, my guess calculations already have been considered, plus that might boost certain part of economy.
We have 10 [UNESCO world heritage sites] 8 historical, 3 natural
What folders
They didn't liberate shit
Typically, 6 - 7 classes a day is the norm, and now they also have shifts
Tom Hanks did a decent job in [Terminal]
Especially in already socialist-filled Europe.
[Serious] What is the claim the Romanians have of it?
Yeah
Yeah only 2 million migrants coming into EU from ME and Africa
Russia will rise as Russians are pretty good at pressing small or weakened countries and your favorite USA or should i call it TrumState must step in.
Macka can mean cat in Bulgarian as well, or a girl/"bird".
It's like a person advertising a funeral of someone at another person's funeral
All such examples in world history that lasted for more than a few months/couple of years, were Marxist soviet-style regimes of the 20th century.
„Можеш ли да говориш така?“ - Can you speak like this
It literally costs *thousands* of leva (our currency), more than an average salary, by far
>Meanwhile, I saw a whole two people wearing a mask when I went shopping yesterday
What bullshit do your countrymen believe through fake news currently
Anyways, hope the Dutch won't lose their mind today, unlike what some other developed nations did recently.
Socialist promises are still powerfull in the minds of the masses.
It is not in the news in my part of Europe for months.
Have
They are allowed to vote in local elections (also to be elected in local elections).
Despite all the comments in this thread, there are many more Europeans who move to the US than vice versa
His house is heated by a wood burning stove- electric heat is too expensive
Germany
None really, although there is a province in the southeast part of Bulgaria with Turkish majority but those don't seem to be inclined for independence/integration in Turkey
Why would you go out with a bike in that weather
It is the best part of being in the EU.
Regardless, we arrive at the entrance and I walked up to pay
Starting from some level owning foreign language vice versa - some things thinking on foreign language and transate on own
Diverse societies can have low birth rates and homogeneus ones can have high, there are numerous other factors.
4 percent in the fourth quarter to 48 percent, a level not seen since before the global financial crisis
They are closer to Middle East
Furthermore, we are one of the countries with the highest amounts of cigarette consumption in the entire world
That's for constantly blocking us from Schengen
Killing their leader and fuelling a civil war was ok, but turning migrant boats back is impossible?
There is the EU, which Bulgaria is a part of, and Russia/USA on both its sides.
itself becoming an oppressive force is going to be counter productive.
No one gives a crap about Bulgaria and no one will attack Bulgaria, it's just a way for the US to have easier way to act in military/humanitarian interventions in a 3^rd country, since I am against the humanitarian/military interventions of the US, I am against the existence of the bases.
In the future we should probably focus more on the effects it would have on social media and wikipedia, which FAR more people use and care about
And according to another bulgarian wikipedia page we only have 2???
We're kinda good at it (at least in comparison with other sports), so I would say it's above average in popularity.
What is ethnicity and how is it being defined?
Bulgaria
Can someone explain what are the consequences China "buying" European countries and why it's so bad?
It's fine, this ranking barely gets a mention in the mainstream media
Antique were pretty big in Europe
This thing is very "modern " in the Balkans and in Eastern Europe . It's absolutely disgusting
You can get something way better for around 10 euros.
there were more questions but the supreme court ruled them unconstitutional.
I could not give less of a fuck what you would rather see.
It's twisted to think Russia has the right to destabilise these countries just because it was slighted by the West.
Other visitors to Bulgarian beaches are more than welcome to share their findings, I haven't been to the beach in too long :(
Spain showing the Americas who's the boss
Or at least delay all payments for like 5 years until they can stand on their legs.
I hate this narrative
The real question is will ISIS pay for it?
I love them soft boiled with a bit of paprika
And the EU is what, a bunch of cottages that noone cares about?
Hi, thank you for your contribution, but this submission has been removed because it is low effort.
Let me try to clarify - people were not banned from entering the country, we have a few far right parties, which are not agents of the state, blocking the border, and they are preventing actual Bulgarian citizens from entering.
We're at 200-300 atm
My grandfather taught me to write like that, he called it Blockschrift
KEKWait
02€ per month versus 286
it will cause an eruption
I am sure the parents of the children being raped and murdered in Iraq and Syria because the local militaries were underprepared to protect them from ISIS and the other Jihadist militias would spit in your delusional anarchist face if they could.
Don't know why Turks and Greeks don't get along and each nation claims other nation's land or resources.
What are you on about
No cases slavic language master race!
Guessing someone's nationality is more generalisation outside of that
Dipping garlic sauce does not really exist, or if we do, we put it on the top of the pizza
However they implemented minimum wage policy.
It's considered one of the Yugoslav wars and besides if death and destruction is what you care about then it's only natural we don't only focus on NATO's part in those conflicts
Poor guy, can't catch a break from bullshit
Istvan, one of the coolest names I've heard
People from Mali and Niger are still having 5/6 kids per family.
No, taking advantage of and attacking an unsaported kurdish people, who have been trying to get independence for God knows how long
I'm completely okay with the ordinary people, with the tourists and so on, but recently Russia keeps doing only bullshit on the political stage.
As far as I’m aware we don’t have one
Since you seem to be rather slow I will try to go easy on you.
Unfortunately it would probably be impossible to translate them with perfect quality to other languages, because their style is so typical and rich, you can almost feel the narrative with all your senses.
>Additionally, event if that is all free money it is not even close to amount Serbia lost and is losing on the actions of EU
The English are usually piss drunk at a bar or eating a kebab right across the street
Romani culture is very opposed to integration, the communists tried so hard and failed
Do you really think most people in real life give a shit or have an opinion about Scotland's independence
We have the second worst demographic crisis in the world, behind Lithuania
Edit: Am blind, didn't read title
Instead it would seem you have no problem with this, but a problem with the other, hence divert to Merkel even when she's not the topic.
Creating a stable economy with a good middle class via investments and attracting business is way more sustainable than just employing a bunch of people doing inefficient work on minimum wage
Bulgarian mountains are amazing and looking massive as hell but the Carpathians are so much more edgy and feel a bit like the Alps
China is still a communist country.
Well, you seem to know your stuff.
Because it's not its primary objective
isn't that something that's behind us, now that Trump got elected?
China eyes nuclear project in Bulgaria
One year after the accident he drank poison and shot himself in the head, this time successful
How can a country with such a high tax rate be great for business though?
2020
That would mean in 5 years they would have swapped countries 4 times...
I post there every now and then.
It means "pistol".
When you make one mad, they tend to call all of their relatives and friends to come beat you up.
The data that shows up is from July 2019
If there's no one at the address, most delivery companies just return the package at the warehouse, give the client a call and arange either a new address or new delivery date
If the Thracians existed today, and were a majority here in Bulgaria, they would have all rights to want the Bulgarians gone from their land.
We made it boys
It sure has same effect, but it is not the one and only cause, like people make it to be
Such people are extremely conservative indeed, as metric is completely legal in the UK, and secondly it is not European, but international system, recognized and accepted in almost any country in the world.
Goulash - the first thing I ate in Prague in a restaurant called "U Parlamentu" in Stare Mesto
Did he say anywhere that they were polish?
[Rila Monastery]
I don't think media has been controlled by the government and its friendly oligarchs since the end of communism
With the exceptions of few subs, reddit is mostly left leaning.
And Eastern Thrace from Turkey
What a surprise - if they were really the mafia (as protesters claim) why dissolve such a lucrative business instead of stealing it
The Black Sea froze near Burgas, Bulgaria
The maps are great, but what about [the Alcohol Belts of Europe] :)
In 9th grade, all other subjects were added back, along with Russian
Only they do it in [conference rooms Q&A style] not big open air demonstrations (probably nobody would go).
Expecting to get fully downvoted
Lots of italian machines are produced and exported worldwide.
Are Turkish people really this blind?
Yes absolutely
Your newly elected president Trump-the-Clown can change the name of your country to TrumpLandia or Utrumpia or...if you prefer Trumptopia.
Lmao sorry North Macedonia idk what came over me
They are better than BSP, who are the successors of the communist party and are even more corrupt, The third party are patriots, which are also corrupt, but not as much as the former two, they have some really questionable figures in there.
What exactly did we try to conquer/take from you
Definitely one of the first places on my list to visit eventually
I'm not sure I've met it somewhere in the stores, but you could probably find it in the bigger chains...
The average net salary is about 500 EUR, giving you 200-250 EUR to play with after bills.
> -Your language is a dialect of Bulgarian
And yet, somehow we've decided not to use those and buy some from abroad, at a vastly higher price
Why would we
Transylvania and the Carpathians are an awesome site to visit and hike
You are of the same mindset as the people who pushed for this Poseidon statue to be censored because they didn't like it.
Pretty much the same for Bulgaria
The guy that does nothing and almost no one talks to them, but he asks for money
Oh my bad, you're completely right.
funniest thing ever hahhahahahah
Honestly, daylight saving time was a good idea and does more good than harm
But in this case in particular I can see how someone might think that
Younger people speak English and older people speak Russian
Greek tribes came to the Balkans as invaders 1200 BC.
The alternative is lame
There are people in need all the way from Brazil to Vietnam.
It really is a reason for happiness ;)
Cause our industry is dying since communism fell.There was a factory 10 factories in my city,now they are none.Its actually a bad sign.
Lowest GDP per capita, lowest income, highest corruption, worst infrastructure, most polluted air, you name it...
" would have been worse
Might as well stop calling anyone European then, it might be offensive to the German Turks and French arabs.
Nobody mentions Bulgaria
Which would not make any sense in any case, seeing that the party was registered at the end of July:
Wasn't 1920 before the purges
tricky
It's like the divider between the old world and the new
I was just never taught, and never owned a bike past the age of 5 or so
Companies usually pay a rather symbolic sum (around a third of what you would normally get as a junior employee) to interns
The party simply won't let him run
Employment and wages both rising, with more full time jobs than insecure part time ones added
Wouldn't you want to be able to do most things other people can do
The last part is always the most important
I also dislike Sofia and think there are prettier cities in Bulgaria(Plovdiv, Burgas) but saying it's the ugliest capital in Europe is hyperbole.
I'd rather not tell you cause no matter what I say greeks and turks under my comment will argue whether Greeks or Turks made it even though I'm talking about the Bulgarian version
When we do know I am all for wrong doers to go to prison
That's interesting because very few Bulgarian words end in -u.
Nope, pineapple on pizza is more important to r/Europe than the state of a major European country.
So, this is a funny one
Yes, cars and smartphones do not, but that's a pretty small chunk of total consumption.
[Hristo Botev] \- one of our national heroes
I meant that me (woman) is married to another woman but we both  are bi so I don't like to call us lesbian couple
Bulgaria, Sofia, very roughly, as order of magnitude
I find this interesting
There will be many problems with the so called refugees.
In the village that out vila is in, our house is the last one with running water.
All of these topics are very interesting and I feel like it's an overlooked nation
You'll be treated as all other non-EU members.
White people have the luxury of not having their skin colour tied to their origin
Last poll I saw, on the question "which country you like the most" something like 45% of the asked people had picked Romania as their first choice
I know all this because two years ago I went to have myself tested and the test came out possitive, so I went through hell for two months before the refference laboratory confirmed my negative status with the ELISA and the WB tests
Saying I live in a bubble is rich coming from you people
Today nobody, even the most liberal segments in the EU, believe in such a possibility.
Isn't it the same here in Bulgaria
The students that get good grades in school usually start to go in 7th grade
The US is much less densely populated so of course the concentration would be lower but as know America pollutes more capita.
Though I’d be burnt out from Bulgaria in different ways
What are you talking about weirdo
Let's wait a bit and see how this situation will develop in a year or two.
So yeah, that's one of the reasons why some countries are afraid (or dislike) of Russia
So far Bulgarians have never kicked out a President.
How does that not run afoul of freedom of speech?
Amongst languages I don't speak, I'd say Scottish Gaelic, Italian, Turkish
I personally can live without potatoes, but I sure as hell can't give up on my dairy intake.
Much love
The crisis put them back down to earth.
Otherwise why bother to go and vote in elections if later 10 000 people can demand resignations and change the government as they wish
Policies were largely liberal-centrist, not without major corruption scandals
That's how a civilized capitalist society works - property rights are *indisputable*.
You're not allowed to hope that, it's reddit
Maybe in other cases, don't know, not in ours.
If those were separate, i don't think a pro-US party would get any votes, especially considering the other half of the country is pro-Russia.
It's armenian, I think
Не се сърди човече.
Sometimes they even do little ritual re-enactments of the everyday lives of our ancestors as a blessing for good health, good harvest and happy family
Would be great to see a whole season of this unique beautiful project.
Macedonia (region)
Dirt cheap
China is the last country to be transparent with something
His name is "losangelesturk"...
I wish more people focused on parties like RB and Yes, Bulgaria, where the main issue is reform, and not parties where the main reason to vote for them is out of loyalty.
If you're a EU retiree, you can live like a king here just from your pension alone
It looks like the kitty loves to pose for pictures and knows how to behave :)
They really are
|Arts|National Academy of Arts|
That's such a shallow view of how a democracy as large as the EU operates
Due to shoddy edution most people think Cyril and Methodius made the cyrillic alphabet but they made the glagolitic alphabet
I always assumed poorer countries get more funding per capita.
It's a sample they show potential customers
Euro zone factories started 2017 with fastest growth in nearly six years - PMI
One I enjoy: that the women are gorgeous
I'm not blaming only them, but their rule has it's influence on us and it's a shitty one.
Yes, their problem is that they don't have the financial capacity for an advertisement campaign
I'd guess Kurdzhali province, since it's right at the southern border and it's populated primarily by ethnic Turks
I was trying to find a justification of me going to work sweaty and with messed up cloths but I just cant, we are not there yet, not even close
Sure, I dont say Rome was nice.
>(2) The entire power of the State shall derive from the people
>This isn't about Erdogan, I hate him yet still support the operation - opposition parties support it as well, it's a matter of national security for us, not politics
So can germans idolize nazism because it's their history and past?
Knife
but the younger generation man...
Cause you know what, i do not really believe the girl on the video actually have enough strength and experience to hike to all those places.
Like people randomly slamming the phone at me with single word answers
They have close ties with America for decades.
Very wide spread and derogatory term for gipsies is 'Mangal'. It means а vessel for transporting ember, fire or coal
Is this a joke or something
Basically gets just cold enough for snow in the winter.
They are the soul of the Internet
The part in Bulgaria wasn't that bad (did 140km for about 2 hours) but Serbia honestly has third world level of railways
It is not really incorrect, it is simply a more archaic form not used in everyday conversations.
Never heard of it, I don’t think there is a Bulgarian version
Like what
Haha when you do not accept new government or wanna kick government, usually protests start and if it don't work - revolts.
According to Wikipedia "Merciful Angel" wasn't even the official name but a Serbian mistranslation
And the British wonder why foreigners take their jobs ¯\\\_(ツ)_/¯
They sound like they hate everything around them
In Bulgaria, "бира/bira" is used most of the times, but I've seen "пиво/pivo" used to describe an old-fashioned beer
>I wouldn't call it primarily defensive
Just to remind you every day about the criminal and primitive regime that you had and the (literally) human cost of sustaining it - GULAGs, repressions and wars
Taking it away was the one gift too many
I thought Germans don't make jokes ;)
Our first representative was a socialist lol, but he wouldn't have lived if the socialist dictatorship he lived under had their way
Even if Geshev is organizing all these bad things, I still do not understand why the government should also resign - what did Borisov do wrong
Bulgarians eat snails too
I am sure most of them are joking
I was surprised that 34% of us study German.
Same country tbh
We have tons of pictures and documents from the time, countless witness testimonies, including people that were in the camps and are still alive, mass graves, the buildings
I suspect the motives for the assassination of Julius Caesar were probably many and varied among his killers
Do you think she's prettier than me?
I loved the idea, sadly [my Photoshop skills aren't exactly top notch...]
So far only the Turks do provoke their neighbors.
There's an oversaturation of English courses - every second Bulgarian that's my age that I've met has gone to some course
This article is right about one thing, and that Europeans are waking up.
A literal translation could be "mute
Islamic revival which started around 15 years ago, radically changed the views of modern day muslims.
The Netherlands, UK and Germany have lower benefits, had labour reforms but at the same time below 5% unemployment, so is it a coincidence that these reforms correlated with a decrease in unemployment rates
> If they were still on the Drachma instead of the Euro there'd be more options available to reduce debt pressure
I had to either walk a lot or spend a lot of money on Uber to get around
einz, hier kommt die sonne
You can't **make** gypsies do anything.
It's possible that's where the Latin root was taken from.
Well maybe we should send them to you cuz we don't want them here, there is no reason to treat them better
Once you're going to the south, beyond melnik is the middle of nowhere for me
Because they are a complete fabrication
I remember I hated it when I visited 10 years ago, totally different picture now
Boyko is not the only one the protesters want to resign
Pronunciation is a big reason for that, it sounds very confusing and the orthography is equally puzzling
They were volunteers
He is clearly biased in favor of the Turkish occupation, but you should attack his arguments, not his ethnic origin.
But internet culture is in many ways inherently derivative, and I don't just mean memes
Phone/tablet - bing and internet explorer.
"Meh, [as if] I care".
Spelling Bee finalist here
It was aired recently, but I cannot recall the exact date.
If you take shots of flowers and you're in Europe, please post in the sub.
I am not justifying anything, I am merely putting things into context.
I answered the Swedish guy instead.
Literally every country punished dissenters in some ways 200 years ago.
What I meant was that due to the heavy government propaganda, North Macedonia for decades claimed parts of the history, culture and legacy of Greeks and Bulgarians
"Po dyavolite" means pretty much "Damn it" or "to hell with it". Something like that
If a grown man put his penis forcefully in children until they died a horrible, agonizing death - he *deserves* nothing but pain and death himself.
Yeah, that was the same in Bulgaria with that song
But where will you get your doctors from then ?
And why is it in Latin characters
Saddam was definitely not as theatening as SA was in 2002, 9/11 terrorits were from SA and till this day SA is still funding terrorist organisations and spreading wahhabism, which is still radicalising muslims in Europe.
Why does everyone think it has anything to do with religion
I've seen worse on a Bulgarian highway
Professional property was always exempt from this tax which kinda says a lot of it's capabilities of being an anti rich people tax
I see, thanks for the detailed explanation
hey Brexit we at least know how to drive and stop acting like if you don't do it I've been there I've seen you
) that, I reply with how I'm doing
Logically, I'd expect your relationship to be more stable (as you mentioned)
/'katɛrit͡sə/
\- trying to move towards parts of the crowd where more people wear masks
" Pretty much any degree from a 3rd tier university anywhere in Western Europe is praised more than whatever education you can get in Bulgaria " - definitely not true, at least not for third tier
For example: my friend was retelling a conversation with their grandmother, and the punchline was that their grandmother was asking them  something, and the final answer was "I don't throw beans
No way
In them the translator was like “Hey, what if I translate the Bag in Baggins
In the 90s and especially in Communist times it was either frowned upon or people were straight up told to shave it by their boss
Why did you guys stop vetoing the UK after he died.
It’s mostly a nice and humorous rivalry, tho
Fake for sure
This is not even remotely true for Serbia (outside of some fantasy where the Russian army teleports to Serbia and uses it as a base of invasions) .
Hello, dear Ferdinand, where have you been all those years?
He has to give mandate to the 1st party, then to the 2nd (GERB and BSP in that case).
Never could imagine there so many unspoiled spots in Europe.
As far as I’m aware we don’t have one
Or the very existing of the euro?
Do not know about Greece in general.
I would not mind if Sarkozy won, maybe he can help reduce the immigration wave which would be good for Europe as a whole.
The three ways of saying it are almost the same, but have a slight difference
that would explain the massive recruiting campaigns in Bulgaria 1-2 months ago.
The first article of a state's Constitution usually reflects or rejects the spirit of the last one
I still need my vacation and my gifts - not ready to give up on these :LOL:
Bulgaria is full of seventy-something retirees who do nothing but drink rakia, discuss politics and play these two games all day, every day
A plane should always have enough fuel to reach to a secondary airport.
and ughh
I feel like this has been posted before
The Cyrillic was created after the brothers already died and their Bulgarian students named the new alphabet in honor of their teacher Cyril
Also, it may not be perfect, but literary all but two countries agreed to it, before Trump decided to do what his father never could and pull out
Sadly, today it’s pretty much dead in the cities and only lives on in some villages
[Finally we can go it alone
Used as a topic for speculation and by populist politicians, thought it's indeed impossible to be renewed.
If this keeps up I don't want to imagine what July will feel like
He also increased the government share in Renault
Well
Well i learned basic phrases from school
our entire government is a fucking meme
Last in Europe
To Bulgaria
We're holding the door
Last in Europe
I always thought Germans were the most
Imo the system should be revamped a little bit like this:
All words ending in -a are feminine, all ending in -o or -e are neuter and the rest are masculine
And the fact that they weren't stopped has made them thirsty for more.
The table and benches are actually suitable for cheap hotel, or hiking cabin for rent.
Nice 0,5% quarterly isn't half bad.
Getting tired of people from the other side of the world commenting of topics on which they are clueless.
&#x200B;
Linguistically and culturally we're extremely similar
Northwestern Bulgaria (Vidin, Montana, Vratsa, Pleven) and the Kardzhali region
The sticking point is how much territorial concessions need to be made to the Greek Cypriots and whether Turkey can remain a guarantor power.
And, listen, even if we agree the EU is nothing but a framework which corrupt politicians exploit, none of that would have been possible without that framework
In this case the people do not want a tax on them because, well, nobody likes paying more for gas
Socially you're either "in" or "out".
Someone from Sweden smuggled it for me!
That is the reason, why Russia so easily buys politicians.
It's so great to see things like this
Can tell it apart from Slovak and Polish, though, so there's some degree of passive knowledge I have in it just from being a slavic speaker, which is the only notable part
Older people are massively pro-Russia though, and there are many of them.
The extremist governments should have had their last days in 1945
We saw the same BS exactly one year ago when one guy committed suicide by cop.
Or we can do bouth by using the Chinese money to fund our solars
There was an election and they lost.
I mean in theory i completely agree with you.
The new president hasn't said absolutely anything about leaving the EU or NATO.
We have been dealing with the problem for years and will keep dealing with it in the future.
It's pretty much "OMG this person studied abroad, let's call him for an interview
Go on, guys, show us all how to do it again and again, fighting for your country and all your achievements by now!
You can also see this in your conclusion
Basically any name that ends with iu
I tried to summarise the entire right-wing, of which quite a few of Israel-friendly groups are a part.
Who would have thought
The average English doe wants to hear arrogant statements cause it makes them feel important as they are the center of a glorious empire.
Allegations that never made it to court by the way
Russians do not understand other Slavic languages AT ALL, in my experience, with some of the people I've met (who work with other Slavic people all the time
In Bulgaria, well the population is rather divided on this topic (young vs old)
Spain is already doing a great job.
Yeah
Only rarely, Bulgarian is too much of a phonetic language
Children as early as 12 years old are smokers, and this is not being regulated at all, or even addressed
Where were you when mere weeks before the referendum newspaper were writing "Leave" was leading?
Societies where such liberal views have been implemented are more likely to be less patriotic as people see themselves as individuals on the first place and member of ethnicity on the second.
There is a clerk at the baby registry who is the ultimate decider
Anyone have nicknames for Bulgarians
Denying asylum to Anis Amri worked out great!
BRUH
Lithuania has almost passed the 30k mark.
Both of them suffered significant adverse effects as they made their systems of government more democratic (in Rome civil wars followed by tyranny, and in Britain which I guess was luckier the loss of the Empire).
Many in the teaching profession fear that continuous assessment will kill the prized national standard, and in effect bring in a two-tier bac, with more prestigious grades being awarded by top teachers in top schools, rather than by national markers
But what i have noticed with the home appliances in BG is that they not last as long as the ones in western europe.
I think they changed this to only one year now but I still think that's pretty good, especially comparing to some more developed countries than only offer a few weeks at best
You obviously are lacking in the second department.
These are actually *big* villages
For decades the village was under water but recently the water receded and the only piece of art in the Church that survived was an image of the Devil
The general rule is you need to respeond with the same level of aggression, which is insane
A lot of people get discouraged very quickly when they come here, and they just get by, usually with English or Russian
China does  incomparably worse stuff to them and Muslim leaders sing it praises despite China not even being as relevant for their investments as Europe is
I've read that PSD is still with a lot of support
Bulgaria:During the comunist period the country was better and they ruined the country
As a Bulgarian I feel pretty embarrassed by our role in this one
This was the best Yugoslavia documentary I have ever seen
Richer than Czechia in fact and 38th in the world.
When I'm comparing the sizes of some countries' economy I think of it how much economical power they can project.
I fell that two things are almost identical - darker, self-deprecating sence of humour and the way we speak
It is a song from the early days of our pop folk or as we like to call it chalga
But is supermajority of your population russian and wanting to become a part of russia?
I believe that this is a workable state of affairs - certainly a lot of work is needed - but with a couple of elections going in the right direction we can fix that
Neither was justified, but people in the West know remarkably little about the latter.
Don't we need some way of discovering domestic terrorists who are in the process of preparing an attack, without having to resort to methods such as mass surveillance?
The schools that I have studied at and am currently studying do, however I personally don't use them as the the breaks between classes aren't very long and there isn't enough time to do anything else but grab your books if you use the locker
>One must be careful about allowing wishful thinking to outweigh reality
What are 5 interesting things about your country
I would've been equally as triggered if it said "Greek feta is the best
Why should the EU concern itself with the affairs of the British public at large?
See it like a family, you love your family and want their best interests, but you don't hate other families.
I felt as if I'd accidentally agreed to go on a 16 hour fast
The Blue Mosque across the street
Milk here is always refrigerated
In fact [exporting gypsies to western countries like Sweden] is a real thing in Bulgaria.
Even in many (most) European countries if you invite someone home at meal time, it is assumed that there will be a meal - otherwise it should be stated explicitly
Oh, i guess it'll be easier to get drunk in Finland and Finns no longer have to travel on vodka tours to neighboring countries.
We don't have any monarchistic groups.
A tax on what exactly, which part of the sector, how will that influence the development of that sector, will it destroy more jobs than it will bring via government spending
Same as why the rich arab states have huge obesity as a result of their culture, predominantly lack of sports, not what healthcare plans they have.
Russia has terrible relations throughout Eastern Europe.
Well, Ukrainian being a Slavic language certainly helps, some of the words are identical to Bulgarian, but overall it’s a difficult language to get when you have to exposure to it (it’s no Serbian or Russian, with which Bulgarians are way more familiar)
He was incredibly lucky to have been caught in the west
So many rich people, must be easy to get rich when you steal from 7 million people at once
I was told that the Serbs used the opportunity that our army was on the turkish border and attacked us, taking land all the way to Sofia.
I couldn't think of any stereotypes so i asked my grandparents.
The leaders of the Western world without exception enthusiastically supported the Annan Plan.
Don't think i like the idea of a hedgehog living in my pants and inviting its relatives.
Turkey's strategic location and skilled workforce - a business winner
YOLO mate, YOLO
You said the US happened, you're gonna have to be more specific.
Fucking rednecks scam money out of EU funds, buy BMWs and then talk against refugees and praise Putin.
Im from Bulgaria and Sex ED is normal, multiple parents complain because they're still homophobic communist pieces of shit but that doesn't change anything because Sex ED needs to be mandatory everywhere
Kalmykia, autonomous republic within the russian federation.
Made a cup out of the dudes skull
Nahh, I prefer black ones
Well, our former head of states and kings/tsars have been born in different countries and they have done decent jobs, so I think the majority will like him/her
Do you know when the article is come to use
And of course someone mentioned cossacks
Century, Bulgaria also received a major population boost by Bulgarian refugees coming from every single neighbouring country
Stand for your rights
Your point is about macedonians, not about bulgarians
My tongue still slips every so often and ruins everything.
British section of and American magazine wrote an article for the UK economy, and Brits, obviously very proud, post that on r/Europe.
Why should we help the UN when are preparing to Anschluss Macedonia?
I have very fond memories of Spelling Bee, but it wasn't because of the competition, I just made a friend that is still one of my closest friends to this day (we went to high school together)
Was surprised to find out they had it in North Africa though
I've literally been to Venice and didn't even know it was an island until now
I must admit I have few adidas tracksuits and they are really comfortable for everyday use and sports.
and ughh
I don't think that would be better
For some reason I am reminded of
It really sucks as it obviously shouldn't be happening but I have to admit I am enjoying all the sun and warmth we've been getting in Bulgaria
If you asked 10 people in the Balkans 10 of them would
I must let you know that things have changed around here quite a bit since the communist times but yes, racism and certainly corruption are still a huge issue here.
The USSR agreed to supply the Nazis with vital materials and divide Eastern Europe between the two of them
The state is putting a price ceiling on most things tho, so there are no absurdly expensive procedures like in the US
" and he said "The ones that come here don't." Based on the percentage of people I've personally met who study their classes in English there
Oh, this, absolutely this
> only a beacon of hope to their own citizens
The euro dropped like 1%, the losses after the referendum were much bigger.
And even more, Australia has never been in such migrant pressure as Europe is in recent years.
I think porn itself is banned
Something about female equality I think
It would provide us with better security at a relatively low cost, both in terms of civil liberties and plain finance.
Next elections don't fuck up please
It's based on socio-political differences since the problem they have with Islam isn't its theological messages, at least I haven't seen European politicians entering a theological argument with Islam or opposing it based on the question if Allah is a God or Mohammed his messenger.
Granted usually at the detriment of say food, but hey appetite suppressant
In this case there was no such sentiment
The National Refference Laboratory works with HIV/AIDS cases and each patient that goes there to be tested can talk to a psycologist on sight
Sighs, aren't you guys tired of all that Briquit posting?
my thoughts exactly
Sofia - Ruse is 6 hours
Somehow you seem even more bitter and butthurt than him
Everyone knows about our press freedom and no one belives that shit
Why would someone convert to the ideology he opposes?
No thank you
It's the same as here, the capital is not one of the best cities.
A1 but I think the offer was temporary and has expired since It's no longer on their website
The only Bulgarians I know who would object to Ukraine joining the EU are delusional Putinistas who don't want Bulgaria to be in the EU either.
People with their own restaurants and cafeterias in New Jersey etc.
What are you observing in particular?
Idk I haven't heard anything about Czech being hard or Bulgarian being easy
I remember looking it up and so many countries have it all over the world and I cannot understand why the fuck its a thing
The Netherlands is definitely not big in any metric
Also why are you following a dictator who led your country to misery
Instead, it fell apart without its enemies having to actively conquer it - precisely because it's problem wasn't the lack of economic, demographic or technological strength, but political such.
You usually put white cheese on chips.
>The government hopes to overhaul an ailing university system, which international students have previously voted the worst in Europe
Also, when was the shot taken and what is the dark spot on the left side of the frame?
Thanks
Even better if they are irreligious.
Some from Bulgaria that I noticed:
>No, because economics are a hard science about rational actors
Russia has muslims because it conquered territories filled with Muslim people.
But then, any recently renovated house will have these advance windows
It's even more awesome when we share some of the same customs.
No offense to Batumi locals but it looks extremely ugly
If their objective is to further Turkify the North, woulld it not have been better to send actual Turks rather than people with Arab or Kurdish ancestry?
Well maybe, problem is our electricity bills (from what I know) are much higher than our neighbours, which considering how much we produce should be te opposite
Or, the populist wave wins in Europe too and the exact opposite of what you talk about happens, and I think that is more likely
I'd get that in writing though, if i were you.
Most popular - Zagorka and Kamenitza
What's going on
Oh well
Свещената римска империя. The literal translation of Holy Roman Empire
Oh right, i forgot about it :D
On topic: 17 total for me - Romanian, Greek, Turkish (if we count it
I will take you to their neighbourhood and let you live there for a month.
Whatever mate, I saw your comments about "brown people" and "the third word".
We had a very cold and rainy spring
Birmingham, although it's not a tourist place at all but it's a very industrial city that I'd rather not visit again
No, taking advantage of and attacking an unsaported kurdish people, who have been trying to get independence for God knows how long
Which side of the Syrian conflict would you rather win?
Thrace is one examle, but there is also the precedent of Crete.
I guess that is true if you give credibility to Trump's claims.
I think I understand the word
I have never seen a real gun firing - I've seen gas pistols and firework guns fire tho
Albania did not annex Kosovo like Russia did in Crimea.
Hell we have excess to sell
All of those are true though, especially with the primaries there's even proof
When I was little I just watched English cartoons, but boy German is way too complicated
And as you can see, Brits continue posting about their Brequit.
I am unfamiliar that the term - pakis, has offensive properties.
I haven’t heard that they are starting to work on it tho
Someone help me add the flair, please
The whole thread become very interesting (for me at least).
This depicts my feelings towards monkeydonia very accurately
Wasn't it owned by Chelsea Clinton?
" дааеба"
Wasn't as easily preventable
4 hours in school and you're gone
After all, ALL of the white Americans came from Europe.
That doesn't cost money
USA is evil - they have chemtrails and haarp and shit
I think it is proportionate and fair
I don't think I have had a meal without at least one of those.
Continental Europe will still be neighboring for Great Britain even after a hundred years.
The great powers at the time couldn't afford to have a combination of Bulgaria and Romania because it would absolutely dominate the region and throw off what they thought was a balance of power at the time
My whole comment is about Bulgaria's interests?
If this report was to rank France or Germany as it did the UK you would get different responses.
We're at 200-300 atm
Thank you
Another one comes from the Lord of the Rings Books
Simeon I held the title "Emperor and Autocrat of all Bulgarians and Romans" and we used to claim that Tarnovo was the third Rome
But gursts who aren't really my closest friends won't even consider going anywhere near my fridge, nor I - theirs
In Bulgaria i would say...e-cigarettes are not popular.
Erdogan Says Turkey Faces ‘Economic Sabotage’
I don't know about Slovakia, but here they don't need to.
In Bulgaria that number would be around 25-27 if I can judge by my own experience
I wonder what went differently in Romania
Oi, mate, are you going to give me 1000 euros if I provide a proof that they are organised???
If you're talking northern Greece, that has historically been Bulgarian a lot more often.
God damn it
>...pizzas, I recommend seafood
Our own cultural context is *very* rich
It seems that a stalemate of the French social contract has formed, where reforms are wanted but not accepted
Nah
Everything else about it I view as a negative.
>Berlin
But the thing is that it was one thousand years ago, so it's not a political matter in present times
CTRL + Shift + P on Firefox, and I think it's CTRL + Shift + N on Chrome.
But we're not in the invaders list.
Entirely nude is *very rare* for either sex, though there's usually small more-or-less designated areas for that
Yeah i can confirm about Bulgaria.
Don't go to a country with a completely different language without knowing some BASIC sentences, like asking if they speak English, being able to ask for help, or even "thank you
The same
No amount of development would've saved Poland then and the partitioning would start well into the 17th century instead.
Don't know about first, but we do have the most free paid days for mothers that just went out of labour successfully
So Tuesday, 04
Actually I was supporting Trump, still can't fathom that this is actually reality though
I've had some literature professors tell me about Botev something along the line of: "Thank goodness he died before the liberation because had he survived he'd probably end up with a tarnished legacy
I don’t think that’s true but I guess it might be where you live
The way Poland has been going, I'm willing to bet they're going extreme far right
>The EU protecting is a joke and the Americans and the Chinese laugh when they hear that a strong EU will protect European markets
I remember asking dad if Aachen was in East Berlin
I am not even being sarcastic - how much more can we create and advance our species if we all work as much as the americans as opposed to waste it.
500k is too few for its own site
Please, provide a certificate for the specific 3 Oranges in that jar that they were not GMO.
She has two Bulgarian parents and was born in Sofia, how is she more Canadian?
This is war mate
Also, don't forget штраф and вокзал.
Wooo GO FRANCE
And marijuana addiction is closer to an internet addiction than a hard drug addiction, in terms of severity
It is, but I was writing it as the Czech Republic is written
We talk shit constantly about our government BUT that does not mean you can join in, you can't.
I'd guess Hungarian
I'd rank it better but  I think we're kinda talking about different things
Interesting that the flower i posted picture of is actually native in Crete, hence the name.
Last/Family name - The name of the family, sometimes a profession or a name of an ancestor
People don't emigrate because the economy is small, they do it because the economy per person is small.
Italy on the other hand declines.
If they had felt strongly one way or another, they would have voted.
Defensive as in like I've explained this over 3 times now
I would not be surprised that despite protests, majority of voters will again vote for Borisov to avoid risk of getting someone way worse again
Transylvania and the Carpathians are an awesome site to visit and hike
Exactly
Yes, I've been a one-man yogurt-producer many times before, thankyouverymuch.
Ye, the Germans have to deal with quakes and tsunamis every month.
If you're right I'll apologise for being wrong
But they are obliged to do something in case a NATO member is attacked
FYROM citizens aren't descendants of Alexander the great, they're Bulgarians.
Thanks, what on earth abbreviation S.
A bunch of overpaid **and** easy to buy dicksuckers
I personally think that this stuff should be said at 16 and not 7
After the veto the whole hell broke loose on the European media - how come such a small state blocked decision?
The fact that Germans were persecuted in the States after WW1 (also by the KKK) is not really funny imo.
в две хубави очи; - музика - лъчи
Also, defence is more of a NATO thing, so Brexit shouldn't affect it.
Personally I wouldn't mind EU sanctions if there are misuses of funds in Bulgaria, and there sure as hell are
AND MAKE SURE TO UPDATE US ON HOW IT GOES
And then 10% - thick rhodope dialect
Let's cranck it up babaay
My statement was not to justify the killing of Armenians by showing the chronological sequence of events and to say that they were at fault, but to underline that killings happened on a massive scale against the Muslim population as well (Turkish, Kurdish, Circassian).
Yup
We have the same in several cities
I'll just keep my opinion to myself
And that has happened centuries ago.
The Moon is always depicted as a woman
Sometimes more or if I leave at 17 30
Well yea, the far right morons do care, but they are a minority.
Here in Bulgaria we have a lot of them [wiki] . Even in my small town there is one of the few intakt roman bathouses [link] .
Not interchangeable
Reading some of the replies here makes me think we don't have it as bad
Source
Governments and parliaments on the other hand had experienced the wrath of the people.
In north-western Bulgaria we use some Serbian words, like "ja" for "I" instead of "az", and even some Macedonian ones like "sakam" for "want" instead of "iskam".
Many
they tried the ethnical approach
Erdoğan to banks: Ease loans or you’ll face us
As i work and live in a foreign country, everytime i get back to my homeland i got problems with finding liquids and other stuff for proper vaping.
Dont know how
Sure you can talk about how large their salaries are, but there arent that many, a LOT less than there are researchers
If you mean America as in the USA, Portland and Seattle are the only cities I can see myself living in.
This is why many Brits retire in Bulgaria
Dude, Karpathos feels like summer for me.
But if I had to decide right now between 20 more years with the same "EU framework" that you talk about, and the dissolution of the EU, I'd chose the later
Romania - we respect the will of the Romanians and I must say you've pushed me to set the bar high when it comes to fighting corruption
It's funny how this thread is mostly upvoted yet the majority of comments inside mock it.
No one forced me to live here, why don't you admit Bulgaria is a shit hole instead of attacking me for honestly thinking that?
>Будапеща
You just weren't the nicest in history to us so that's why we're friendly, not superfriends
Firstly, if the average voter doesn't understand how the system they participate in works, the problem isn't with your average voter, but with the system you have in place
Nobody stops you to move to a non-EU country, right?
It's different in every school though - but it's usually between Math, Biology, Chemistry, History, Geography and Physics
You really should have a better attitude to our newly conquered territories
Strahil comes to mind but it's not very popular actually.
That has nothing to do with NATO members being forced to participate though
Children today have no incentive to learn
We probably got them from German in the same time period
The thracians weren't killed of, they assimilated into slavic culture.
In early March and late November we can get -5 in the morning and 15 in the afternoon
This is for oven cooking, has a few hobs on top and can also heat the entire house by heating water which is circulated to radiators using a pump
We only have one word for lawyer - advokat (advocate but pronounced a bit differently) but English has tons of words - litigator, barrister, attorney, solicitor
the way everything works here
There is a government committee that sets the price of electricity
Ahh, irredentism
That's kind of aesthetic
Yes
Luxembourg is an outlier so far out and so weird that giving it as a model for something like the EU shows that you oversimplify your views to the point of false equivalences not even phasing you
No, man, I think you got it wrong.
Veliko Tarnovo
Romanian history - rotated, edited multiple times, added lenses, voila.
Nice landscape and scenery pictures, really appreciated.
"A Romance language" i still alive in Ceuta and Melilla.
>judge it as according to the times he lived in as opposed to the times we live in now
In any rate, I won't even think about going to Sweden in the near future.
I spent most of 2019 living in Germany and Austria
TVs and in general home appliances in Bulgaria are more expensive and last less than the ones in western world.
A moratorium on executing death penalties was introduced when the comunist regime collapsed but the actual Penal Code texts, perscribing the death penalty, were completely redacted to drop it, on 10^(th) of December 1998
That's hilarious
IF any company on the world, and I mean any has to choose between access only to the UK and access only to the EU, not a single one would choose the UK.
Good job guys, I wish we took a page from you.
For example the Wolverine(the hero not the animal) is called the Wearwolf, which makes no sense
In Bulgarian, "Fitness" is used to refer to a gym or a fitness centre
If your logic was true, FN would have weak following in the Mediterranean coast but it is one of their strongest areas.
Funny, but a lot of these are a joke, with the real etymology being very different.
Didn't hear about this - do you have a link?
His son vows to buy a cheap 4x4 to be able to go up there and check on him
Don't know if any other american parties actually make it to the congress or senate.
It comes from the people, you are literally saying you want to rob the people so that you can give it back to them
I can hear the [Hallelujah]
>This paper evaluates the effect of fuel prices on new vehicle fuel economy in the eight largest Europe an markets . The analysis spans the years 2002 – 200 7 and uses detailed vehicle registration and specification data to control for policies, consumer preferences, and other potentially confounding factors
They should if they want but why haven't they done it already if they so desperately wanted
And now the newly developed "Covid-19 doesn't exist, it's the Satan's deception" and the like
Basically, UK wants to eat the cake, every day, and EU to send 27 more cakes, every day
In addition to that, the mob presence is stronger in everyday life than other cities, from what friends have told me
- Being openly interventionist and with a long track record of actually working towards US military interventions, including arming rebels who spark civil wars, or wahabi jyhadists who do worse.
I haven't included the second Bulgarian kingdom or anyone who participated in the many liberation movements and many of the people listed below can be switched with other equally known people
" To lie naturally, often and with no remorse
I guess the same rules will apply between EU and UK once the Brexit is accomplished.
People thought that he is dumb and jokingly or not started saying to their kids not to even think about marrying their teachers
The bleeding dry argument has no merit if you actually bother to check the statistics
Tsar Boris III,
But you should definitely destroy the ugly Lenin statues and create one big statue of the great Reagan in front of the Kremlin
Fuck your faith and fuck your Mohammad
Especially when the Russian interests are at odds with our national interests, for example weak vs strong EU.
Lol
Our schools typically have shifts - half the school comes in at the morning, then the other half in the afternoon, and the following semester they switch
Other than SU Kliment Ohridski, no universities even feature in QS international ranking, I wouldn't really say higher education is particularly prestigious in Bulgaria
By the way this is the first time i read something about that problem.
Littering is very commonplace here and with such beautiful nature, it just breaks your heart
I'd love to take some shots with my zenit in a place like that
Did Mongolia pay for the project
If you're gay you can't shake women's hands either because you're getting  executed
I dont have any general view of Latin America.
From a neighboring country: "Aah
What works there does not work for the whole union, you give a baseless statement
Here in Bulgaria for example they may ask for your passport and such even for a silly prepaid.
Well it's NATO, the most powerful military alliance to have ever existed
A friend of mine went to Uni abroad for 4 years and then came back and lived with her parents until they were 26
We're in, nice
Only one, when my ancestors came there was only the Byzantium Empire (who were our enemies till the Ottomans came, and then the Ottomans became our enemy) and some slavs who are our only friends
Naval history, amazing fortifications, beautiful mix of old and new architecture, a pretty church, lovely people, tall ships, historic Dutch barges, delicious food, awesome locals, free parking, a yatchs on the lake, even the police were cool
How is life imprisonment barbaric but the death penalty isn't?
And Geshev's efforts were in vain - what a pity :)
But I am tired of seeing the same article from the Torygraph posted in every thread as proof of the future condition of Britain, when there are as much if not more sources, showing a very different picture.
There are no spare parts for the human body
I'm not completely sure, but I think recently Germany changed its laws to have similar requirements.
Well Bulgaria is in the top 10 with the medals but I will get called names if I start explaining the results.
Or as my Danish friends like to call it, radiator fluid
[This was actual ancient kingdom of Macedon] - in modern day northern Greece.
Legit hope Biden is going to keep Trump's demand for NATO members to spend 2% of their GDP on defence
When typing on a keyboard in pinyin, you will be suggested different characters that correspond to the pinyin and make the most sense
it will cause an eruption
>Pupils’ chances of escaping their socio-economic background are smaller in France than in any of the other 71 countries surveyed
If we're talking more viral and recent ones, I'd say [this photo of a girl and policeman during 2013 protests] agains corrupt government is also one that made the rounds
I thought Germans don't make jokes ;)
Wish i was in Bulgaria and Sofia at the moment to join the protest.
-ski and -ki suffixes are often used for family names
Besides, I would be very far away from my family
Yeah, having the same identity and name, that's the whole point
This was step 1
For: Ademov, Ali, Hyusmenova, Kouroumbashev, Malinov, Mihaylova, Pirinski, Radev, Stanishev
Even if there are more Turks in Germany that does not mean that turkey is a European country
Sarcastic ones
"Nice beer
The gypsy minority - pretty much so.
You are repeating your blind rhetoric without actually reading my original reply
The problem is with the perception people have of integration, and even more so - of assimilation.
We survived 200 years of Byzantine rule, 500 years of Ottoman occupation, and 50 years of Soviet-imposed communism, so if anyone should feel guilty, it is not us.
It never was yours you megalomaniac madman
How on Earth and Moon, that clown sees protectionism combined with weaker dollar?
big bang from geshev - fabricated audio tapes haha
Ah shit yeah, that's right
At what point did they inhabit Southern Dobroja even at 20% of the demographic?
"To feel like a white person" - Actual Bulgarian expression
a nationalist wants individual states to have maximum power in setting their own policies
What if it's a bit harder to get in to university if your education is overall better
One of the cities I lived in
I think it is proportionate and fair
Part of government
I think it's been going up lately although the increase is quite slow
Well, "duda" in Bulgarian is sometimes used as a slang for the female...
Children today have no incentive to learn
The the 6th of January is Йорданов ден (Jordanov den) day of the name Jordan, also knows as Богоявление (when God has appeared)
If that doesn't count then during the period with Khan Krum
Boyko was something like a boxer or something
I felt the urge to just say that not all 7 million of us are part of these protests (in fact is a very small percentage of the population) that do
Every highway you traverse with every modern car to get to every modern home that looks like a pallace to your ancestors barely 5-6 generations ago and has luxurious gadgets from all over the world.
We had a thing in the past with John Atanasoff (a guy who played with computers before it was cool) and more recently with Dilma Rousseff before the scandals, but nowhere near as much as the serbs and Tesla.
The message definitely wasn’t lost, tho, the video made it pretty clear, too
Lucia, environmentalism of Sweden, military capabilities of the USA, nuclear arsenal of Russia, energy production of France, corruption levels of Norway, crime rates of Finland, religious piety of Greece
It's just not the same
It remains a bad thing in any other context.
Thx Mr president of Norway
Some people put their games and lots of other things like TVs,Car menus etc in Russian so they can understand it better especially older peoples who learned russian
The article says the coalition has a majority of 1 seat and of the 3 parties, one is right-wing, one is centrist, and one is left-wing.
If you're not aware what CP 2077 is, it's a highly anticipated futuristic video game that is being developed by CD Project Red
Until one of the countless drunk driver scum crashes into us after our corrupt police let him drive
It is not offensive or something just a "smart" way to talk about Germans without using the word Germans
None, i have been a vegetarian my whole life.
"Due to unforeseen difficulties, the Genghis Khan exhibit will be replaced with Winnie the Pooh exhibit
From the top, breaking the stem makes it uncomfortable as fuck, I can't understand how can people prefer it.
You can google that too, you know.
We have the second worst demographic crisis in the world, behind Lithuania
Hopefully this will send a message to the Muslims in Europe that barbaric customs such as the niqab, burqa etc.
it’s a special kitchen appliance for cooking/roasting red or bell peppers
Dark Humor and memes had a couple millions (if I remember correctly) and the site they made was more inactive than the discord server (which the mods abandoned one by one and eventually one of the new guys on the team nuked it
Yes, and the Soviet "military might"was also based on a quick sand.
He constantly agrees to sign ANYTHING he is given by the corrupt prosecutor like a moron (if he were such moron how he made such a big business)
The tax
The weird thing is also that the letter 'c' doesn't have a unique sound to begin with
(or going from Sofia to the province, still the same)
No worries - honestly, I don't see Erodgan having as much success here as he has had with the newer diaspora.
It's weird when I see a British person, for example, say it the same way now tho
FYROM has way more things between it and the ew then just the name.Mainly bulgaria and to some extend greece probably wont wagree whit FYROM membership
She trying to imply that football players are more valuable than researchers
Isn't it funny how everyone pushes for us to accept third world "refugees" but not actual refugees from Ukraine, which is European?
Such as:
- Six one-bedrooms (~70sqm) in a poor area - [example]
For a country of over 95% white people?
And he's the one that got himself there
That's when you really need to go
Maybe a Venezuela scenario is exaggerated
I want more of them, especially after last year.
There are two prepositions, TrumpLandia and Utrumpia.
We learnt it different
7th one is "how do I make my own sanitizer"
People downvoting you and comments related to yours are truly pathetic
There's a solid rock/metal scene in Bulgaria, a couple of classics are  [The Black Sheep by Ahat] and [Diamond and Glass by B.T.R.]
You can only find it in translated books or movies
The Kurds are not fighting against either side, so how can they win the war?
I imagine it'd be very hard to integrate them without some very
The average ISF payer, paid less than 2k of tax, really the tax was symbolic at best
They want change but change won't come from the leftists, only destruction
I just hope the bulgarians can learn something about standing up against injustice because our situation is not too different from yours.
This is speculation and I doubt I could ever give you concrete proof, but in my experience sport hooligans fuck shit up for 2 reasons: their team won/lost or someone payed them to fuck shit up.
Wait this is an option
Your local version of brexit
And also I don't want to tell people what to think about my country.
Pretty much all slavic countries say "снег" except Bulgaria where it's "сняг" bulgarians don't give a shit do they
Mesto (place) has the same root as the verb to move.
It is nothing more than vandalism.
Why is the economy a factor here?
People who run from war don't start one.
I think they don't give a crap just like every religious hypocrite in history hasn't. Christianity says it preaches love, Islam says it preaches peace, meanwhile all they do is murder people by the millions
Or maybe we can also start penalizing people who market themselves unfairly to the opposite gender and "deceive" the partner of what they can actually offer before consumption?
Never got to the point where they take off the training wheels
We're having elections almost at the same time with the Americans.
Gee, thanks, I didn't know
My choice would be „уйде коньо у реката“ translating to "horse went in the river", and meaning "oopsie, shit's fucked".
Fairly sure mass murder and torture is illegal in the UK without the ECHR.
It's part of NATO and as such has obligations to help militarily any NATO member who triggers article 5.
Yes, as a Polish person whose half family was deported by the Russians and currently lives in Bulgaria, thoroughly destroyed by the Kremlin's oligarch ties in the past 25 years, i am deeply disappointed.
Putin's response was that of a tyrant, it was not adequate and attacked the sovereignty of Ukraine
I thought this was a constructive conversation with a person who has a well-thought out and complex reasoning for his position.
Not very bad (someone has asked me this before)
6 years is a lot of time to figure out a more effective approach than "Let them do whatever they want and then sanction them".
Wow beautiful
And what about Eastern Europe which has been much closer to that status when it entered the EU?
Okei, furst yoo niid too rimembur dat we ar nót Rashan
I can imagine them riding horses over the water and lobbing arrows, no ships or anything
Bulgaria invented the Cyrillic alphabet used in a big part of the world
Ok it's might be about time for that continent-wide revolution
This is just a bluff by Erdogan.
Definitely one of the first places on my list to visit eventually
Im still waiting for the real summer here in Bulgaria
Most people have their stuff delivered to a delivery company branch office near their home and pick their stuff from there
Curious facts: Simeon II was one of two monarchs in history to be later democratically elected as head of government and he is last living person who bore the title tsar
They do not count under Radio Equipment so probably not
Guess which party was caught running a corruption ring for selling  actual legitimate Bulgarian passports
The Romans knew what they were doing when they built it in the first place
Just happens that you see a minority of romanians - gypsies.
But that’s my thought
Villages and small towns are very depopulated
Politics is all that happens within the system of governance of a country.
Can not even imagine how Greeks will manage with cold and long winters with considerable snowfall!
As I said I've done only one and it took something like 13 hours to do the ~450km route from my city to Belgrade
Otherwise, in Geography we studied different religions
Edit: I just remembered [THIS] about the current president as well lol
There are so many other emperors who were vilified more by contemporary historians
Does this need to be marked NSFW?
My dog cuz otherwise the world would be dark
If you want to make it in the west, sure.
It's a huge luxury as stated above
Although
Also the airbags in the cars (which saved a lot of lives) and the first aerial bombardment
Didn't only some NATO members bomb Serbia
The Napoleonic wars
The food was delicious by the way.
Minor party is Da BG, that claims to be liberal, and The Greens, who are tiny and claim to be green
It feels weird to follow an election where people get to choose the greater good rather than the lesser evil.
It's probably the most expensive commercial street in Sofia.
Million = милион (milion)
Well I've lived half of my life abroad, so my accent doesn't sound anything like the eastern European one
When I was in school, we studied Ancient Cultures in 7th grade
Yes, it will be stronger and more federalized.
Attack the problem not a symptom
And yea , the castration is more active than it was years ago
If you want something cool to read you should check out Bulgarian and Byzantine relations, there were a lot of wars, peace treaties, and some very brutal battles
Yeah, same in Bulgaria
I think OP is just making a pun/reference
* the [vampire grave] in Sozopol - a grave of a 35 years old man, who was buried with a metal rod pinning him to the ground through the heart;
I don't understand this, the baby needs a parent during these crucial developing first two years
The Bulgarian Communist Party was hell-bent on appeasing the Soviets, but that doesn't make that participation any less excusable
I love EU, it allows me to travel anywhere i want within the Union without any complications.
I recommend Bulgarian Mountains, Pirin, Rodopi and Stara Planina.
This is an extrajudicial action by private citizens, and by no means actions taken by the Bulgarian state.
I just never heard people define the Balkan peninsula around 'vibe'.
In any case, "shitposting" is equally worhtless, be it as an answer to someone else.
And where have you seen me typing in my comments that Greeks do not work?
If this happens really it will be awesome!
They've been at a solid 0
At least Eastern Europe is full of ridiculous politicians, and Erdogan is almost there too
On the contrary, the increase of the CSG hits the wealthy because it taxes CAPITAL gains, which is something I'm sure you're very happy about, right ? What about the "poverty plan" ? It's seen by the social sector as one of the best social plans ever written by a government, because it really tackles the root issues of poverty in France . Why are you ignoring that
We live in a society where Left is right, right is left
More info here:
Meaning i could just as well support Nazis as i can Marxists or Liberals openly, and the state can't punish me for my views.
Kuznetsov can be seen from miles away thanks to the extreme smoke coming out of her chimneys!
It's wonderful food filled with cheese
Is Russia included in the numbers?
Come on, don't act as if your education isn't a shit show
there is no way they will leave again
I've heard of Paros, but obviously it is not the same island.
Greece went through a lot and it is during such times that nazism rises
Ours used to be on second to last, mby still is.
It's national treason basically.
The poor brits are so oppressed on this sub, lmao.
The street is more pleasant to go, have a walk and enjoy the beautiful day than going to a mall or H&M.
Name days
Just wait till you see his brain
Then, anti-gay propaganda law passed and everything changed
Its how different we are that makes us so interesting and great
" And the added picture of a goat underneath her (killing in Swedish means the child of a goat or something like that)
You have to admit tho, that's a pretty gangsta move
I would like to see them cooperating in Syria to destroy terrorist groups like ISIS and Al-Nusra.
Also politico has a list of the 42 demands, that I think was first shared by the economist reporter on twitter
Hard  to believe this picture is real lol
Like
What do you think my point is
You can almost always hear the difference when a foreigner is speaking Bulgarian for just a few days, so when somebody says to me "Hello, good morning" or whatever in Bulgarian I always say "nice
The president is irrelevant, but the way people think isn't.
It's not all bad about Sofia, but some things you just can't really argue with
But I would probably say somewhere in the Rodopa mountain range
Even though I hate the commies, political censorship is never okay.
Probably the stereotypical average office worker who is never satisfied and is always looking at their options, trying to get the most out of every interested party
Some get poisoned some get shot.
The language is indeed Slavic, but the genetics and the origin of the Bulgarians is still a "mystery".
So are we allowed, in accordance with the technical data, to call Romanians peasants?
If you enter like a criminal expect to be treated like a criminal.
Personally I identify with Europe (i.e. it's values), culturally I also identify with Balkan and Slavic states, we have quite a lot in common (listening to the same kind of music, laughing at the same jokes, having similar folklore and traditions, etc)
This should be celebrated
Vasil Levski,
Can confirm
By the way, I kinda have a prediction that in about a decade or two, poorer people from Western Europe will start to move en masse to Eastern Europe, because the wages here will be closer to those in Western Europe, but the prices of real estate, for example, will be a lot lower, especially because of the mass exodus (demand is low, therefore prices are also low)
Aren't these spots meant for charging electric cars?
Did I miss something
In our language just about every name has several nicknames
I fucking love my country
We pay bigger energy bills for renewable and CO2 tariffs, which makes EU goods less competitive if compared to countries who hasn't implemented such environment regulations.
It is the Greeks that don't want that even article states it.
ignorant waitress
Used to be a center of Orthodox Christianity and currently the center of Islam in Europe
No hard feeling towards any neighbor, but I love warm, salty seas
А - whereas
You sound like Boris-the-Clown.
In our constitution it says "between a man and a woman" :(
Other than that in the southwest province of Blagoevgrad there's a NMacedonian 'party' which makes a fuss about secession every now and again, but their number is a few hundred which compared to the 320 000 living in the province is nothing
It's really interesting :) We never actually think about our yearly salary...
Russia alone would have probably had a population of more than 200 million nowadays if it wasn't for the brutal losses
History and religion also have no place from  grades 1 to 4
You've labeled us a single party issue, which is probably true for this election, since we didn't have the time to develop properly detailed platforms for other issues, but this will be the first thing we do after the elections, no matter the outcome.
Germany needs them Arab "engineers" and "doctors".
Completely forgot what it was
The most iconic ones would then be of our national hero - Vasil Levski, a Bulgarian revolutionary, known also as The Apostle of Freedom, he ideologised and strategised a revolutionary movement to liberate Bulgaria from Ottoman rule
Daddy Macron being an alpha as usual
It's been a while since I've heard it but here's my attempt
The exception being Poland, which gets massive funding.
You heard of Covid
In Bulgarian the sun is neuter, while the earth, the moon and the stars are feminine
I do, since i value fundamental human rights such as private property.
I’m pretty sure we have one of the highest percentage rates of smokers in the EU it’s extremely common but a lot of people are switching out cigarettes for other things such as IQOS
Stallone's fake Bulgarian passport found in a recent counterfeit bust in Bulgaria
And btw what is FT
Those further from the centre than ours use only the ground water.
~~Sunny beach
A brawl broke out, but staff from both sides managed to separate the players.
Shows that you haven't paid attention in [history classes]
I see your point and maybe you are right
Not sure if that is the article, but it was the first link google gave me.
It's preposterous that in 21st century Europe the government can seize the private property of people like in some marxist distopia.
Neither is really popular here but when we say hockey we mean the one on ice.
Sunny Beach
Like all people who harm others.
The US has a massive problem with government-enabled monopolies of various corporations and firms through lobbying.
Never seen anything similar anywhere else I’ve been
It's even worse when it comes to the highest level.
By the way - this is [said gate] It lists the names of those of the 29th Infantry Regiment who died in WWI and the Balkan wars
Well it strike the nostalgia bone, but I have not seen one in 20 years, and 2 leva note is still seen here and there
Thank you I'm also learning French in school I'm doing so great
The first digital electronic computer
EYE-RACK must be a nice country.
Why China is on this chart
Wtf and that's in the capital
All the news about Russia, Putin or the EU got (and still get) couple of hundreds comments, while the articles about Bulgaria get just about 30-40.
Which is kinda stupid because that way they would know who had test on that day and find who was the caller
His argument was - we are supposed to be leaving Europe, why on Earth they used European measurements for the road signs in my town.
You see their brand on a lot of elevators and escalators in public places
It's really hard
Never heard of anyone drinking tap water (maybe some after it’s filtrated)
And how much raw coffee goes into different types of hot coffee drinks?
Pop folk- a.k.a. chalga
[I still remember Trump threatening europe with terrorists] Good riddance you stupid bastard
What the hell is this Guardians of the Galaxy extra lmfao
Supporting imigrants in Turkey is way cheaper than supporting them in Germany,so if we keep them in Turkey we can help more people or create better conditions for the same amount of people
But i know what is the situation in Greece and the Balkans.
We still have to make sure this doesn't pass in September
You'll be back just in time for the cold war.
Why does EU supports Kosovo independence then?
I must say, Sofia
To make every participant strong, for the greater good
About GDP: first of all, that map is wrong.
In my country it's less than 5%. Probably because of our culture being much more hostile to nudity in public than other Europeans'. Whenever I go to a public beach, there are always 2 or 3 topless women in sight, but no more
Anyone who distributes pornographic material by means of information or communication technology or in another similar manner shall be punished by imprisonment for up to two years and a fine from BGN 1,000 to 3,000
I nowhere wrote about the fascists killing russians.
She's been part of the ruling party for its last two mandates and she's been chairwoman of Parliament for 7 years.
It's not really a parallel situation because here the government is reducing corporate taxes to encourage firms to move in, which will bring jobs with it (hopefully).
Oh man, Eurobonds and no deficit limit, we're all gonna be rich!
They have a beef with what they see as a push from the left and liberal circles towards ever increasing dismantling of the pillars of what these people consider "The Western Civilization" - things like Capitalism, Nation-States, ethno-nations, Christian roots of culture and identity, Nuclear family and gender roles, homogeneus communities, Natural Rights concept etc.
), Serbian, Croatian, Bosnian, Slovenian, Ukrainian, Russian, Belarussian, German, Dutch, French, English, Spanish, Italian, Portuguese
Restrict who you can trade with maybe?
Literally, runaway bride, in the wedding dress, a few hours before the service
In all likelyhood it was an ~~incident~~ accident
Imagine having not only little money but when you go to the store the shelves to be almost empty
Never would have thought it would be a slur in Russian
So as far as the Turkish minority focus goes, they can be like Denk, but knowing our history with DPS, you probably never did or will have anything similar in the Netherlands.
Sounds like terrorism to me
I saw on the news 3 Macedonian guys were living for 10 years in Bulgaria and they sound 100% like natives, I was impressed
Every newer generation uses less and less of them
I hate labelling people and the whole left-right divide, but this truly sounds like the stereotypical far-leftist Marxist who has problems with countries having borders and enforcing them, but no problem with giving the government insane powers within society to break basic citizen rights and force them to "integrate" or "disperse".
To continue in the same vein of giving pointless examples and counter examples from both sides without any actual thesis?
Like
And Mexico borders Texas but you can still picture the stereotypical cowboy and the stereotypical Mexican and they're nothing alike
I bet he was so proud to be a socialist as he sat at the open casket funeral of his burnt and mangled friend
Did not see any of them celebrating - they were working hard.
We're poor, drink strong alcohol, have a seaside and a really great cuisine.
Also older cars that are more likely to malfunction and have less safety features
For people not speaking Bulgarian - RSF says in their report about Bulgaria that critical media is often under attack by the state and is discredited by judicial system and faces constant pressure such as asset freezing
Once a Bulgarian, speaking English, presented a Scotswoman as a lady "from England". She got mad and shouted "Scotland
We are a rapidly ageing nation, so we need serious reforms in our healthcare
Also during that time period we managed to besiege and capture the Odeon fortress, which was deemed impossible to capture by the Germans - and we did it in 3 days
The names of the countries in English aren't the "official" ones
Gives me hope that European cities can maintain and even restore their beautiful architectural heritage
Mostly wheat, grains, grapes, sometimes fruits or potatoes.
It's much more efficient than waiting every year for the tax revenue, then store it in some vault, count it, and only pay directly from it like we're in medieval times.
When it is question of loans responsibility is shared by both lender and borrower.
Some rain here and there, but for the most part nothing
Hence if this truly annoys you you would express that annoyance here, and the annoyance of Macron visiting Merkel in their respective topic.
Doesn't matter where you are, the price of your box of smokes is the same in every store, even if everything else costs triple
Правите - you (plural) are doing
Blows my mind every time, and we all have them too
Oh, and good old racism
Call it banter if you like but in that case we could at least diversify our banter to include other countries
If Russia with it's 2 trillion GDP can influence Syria why do you think EU with it's 16 trillion can't do the same?
Don't forget about the [western outlands]
So we can't be mistaken for the wrong nationality because there's no way to guess.
Here in Sofia it's a little less bad judging by the pictures, although it's still pretty hard to breathe for the last month (minus past two days when it rained).
Your country is g(e)orgeous !!!
Human history is one of cultural exchange of ideas and artefacts, so the whole concept of CA is laughable.
Are you the speaker of the British people?
Bulgarian Turks are releatively compact in [the regions that they live in]
...as Europe will no longer exist and there would be a huge, two-continental Russia in its place right?
The people who believe that also believe he used Emperor Nikephoros' skull as
Our [ID cards] are pretty regular - they are as big as credit cards and they have a picture, our names, permanent residence address, our Personal identification number, height, eye colour and some biometric data that allows us to travel with our ID within the EEA without a passport
Sorry i didn't understand that.
Most of our parents and grand parents have had to study Russian at school and some speak either German (because of East Germany) or French (France has always endorsed smart people and culture and some people during socialist times could use this to migrate there)
There is however someone very, very dedicated to religious posters about hell here in Varna
It's their best bet, what do you expect border guards to do when they see a bunch of people who've crossed illegally and are running away from the guards?
Oh My God, those bastards are taking our good gypsies' jobs!
But 80% of my English is from Games and Youtube videos
Phoebe must be cringing hard right now
It has a great map of the main cities in Bulgaria and their public transport
But they still can be seen in old manuscripts or church frescoes of calendars and I find them very poetic because of their links to seasons and changes in nature :)
[Sirene] (white cheese), [kashkaval] fried potatoes (french fries), cucumber and tomato slices, lettuce.
Een volk een rijk
Yeah, and that's a good thing
However I have never gotten a tax exception of any kind so I am not sure about what other services you mean
Before the referendum it's for the best to keep silent, after that we should answer him
Con: language barrier, low standard of living outside of big cities
" in English and from there we either continue speaking English or hand language if they don't know it
Currently, nobody is doing anything about this, except maybe giving people from North Macedonia and Bessarabia citizenship because their great-grandparents and grandparents were Bulgarians, but those people immediately move to Western Europe, because they can't as Macedonians or Ukrainians
To put it in layman’s terms, this was done by procrastination
Lol in the early stages Bulgarians mess up the other way around and will call a chair "he" or a table "she" and so on
I don't dislike the idea of being a teacher, but it's a lot of work for not a lot of money
It's safe to assume that if you delete Facebook and Twitter, people would literally become more thought free.
Just toss that shit into the backpack and search for it the first 15 minutes of each class
I feel this proves that one good thing came out of the Soviet occupation of eastern Europe, literacy
The economy is Erdogan's Achilles heel.
Thus we've not seen an increase
Most popular beach is probably Sunny Beach - it is also the trashiest
>This isn't about Erdogan, I hate him yet still support the operation - opposition parties support it as well, it's a matter of national security for us, not politics
He said them not cutting rates would be treason.
Because I've seen ample evidence that in Russia many laws are made so the powers that be always have a legal reason to do what they want.
Do you think that would be less irritating?
Scotland stronk in referendums!
Misschien genoeg voor een Nederlander maar valt in het niets vergeleken met het strand in Bulgarije
The Bulgarian-Greek conflict started after his death
Its sad that your proficiency at your own language is so bad, I can only hope that the problem comes from your young age so you can improve on it in the future.
I couldn't agree more
When I smoked and lived in the UK, I could somehow always figure out a way to afford cigarettes and coffee
So, you basically invaded Serbian and Bulgarian lands to fight against the Ottoman Turks for the liberation of these Christian nations as well.
For example I've never seen as much disagreement as I've seen inside the Tories and Labor in regards to Brexit
Its hard to justify it if the authorities do it in a democratic country.
The moment they go out almost everyone in the northern hemisphere is dead.
my thoughts exactly
BNT looks like a model of fair agendaless media compared to that
Swedish viking were heading East, Norwegian and Danish vikings were heading west and north, so mot likely irish got a lot in common with norwegian people, or with the danes.
He controls the Prime Minister Boyko Borissov, receiving millions of euros in official state and European funding programmes
Actually you are wrong Proto-Bulgarians weren't of turkic origin you should check [this] map.
You mean Bulgarian pop-folk singer [Milko Kalaidjiev]
We think of Japanese as highly educated and advanced
2 million €, which was surprisingly high for something sitting in a storefront
I just hope that Bulgaria can stay inside.
The increase in capital gains
А - whereas
Names, by extension, are very versatile - you can have *Ivan*, the default name
I... honestly don't know
I said Soviet-Bloc, Yugoslavia was not a part of that
* Dancing bears
I lived with my parents until I was 24, during Uni and about 2 years of working
Юр уелкъм
БНТ1, the state's channel, followed bTV and Nova
5% outside the EU, i.e. bread crumbs
So now we have Bulgaria on 2 seas
They're just fucking with him because they're cops and cops clamp down on anyone who hates cops and expresses it publicly
We both come from the Balkans, we love our war crimes, and both our countries combined still have a better track record in hundreds of Europe than the USSR did in less than a hundred
Now I must find and try some
Until our health declines and we need quality medical care that we can't find here
Why people tend to exclude Greece and European Turkey from the Balkans
I don't remeber my parents giving me "the talk" neither my school offered sex ed classes
What if the AR-15s and AKs are of local manufacture?
Todor Zhivkov
Space so they could rile up support for giving money for the (then) space race and 2
I’d say it’s 28-32 in Bulgaria
They do ther best, bless their souls
Cheers
I feel like that's the best description of the Balkans so far
For anybody who wants to copypaste
Is it not enough they're pretending to be doing anyone a favour with their investments that are actually loans paid to Chinese companies
We need restart of the system but that won't happen with Boyko
The vulgar suggestions are not the original and "edgy" comebacks you think they are, but merely an indication of what cultural and social level you come from.
Saying stuff about killing white people, about "white tears" and so on.
It is funny but people do it, slice some cucumber on top and you have a light lunch.
"На къде душата ми да бяга, и къде да скрия своите сълзи?" from "Ice Queen" by Vasil Boyanov
Same
Sometimes I wonder if my country actually exists or is just a fever dream
The girls got the menstruation talk, no idea about the boys
Sure, and you are pro-Trump-the-Clown.
In Bulgaria we have so many words for every family relation that I feel like I don't even know half of them.
Turkey itself is struggling under massive amounts of "sand", and that "sand" wants to go to Europe - it is not being thrown by Turkey.
Slavs invading Western Europe, colorized
That 8C° must be from the weather station at Musala peak (i think it's the only such case on the map), but I've got no idea why it shows 15C° near Sofia (the capital)
Could have emphasized on strongholds and walls, and also on the old joke about all the empires that conquered us and later vanished, but quite good after all :)
Is the sea too cold to swim in it?
The old city is very beautiful;
Since 1st of February, the minimum wage in Romania became 320 euros, an increase of 130%.
It's ridiculous
Literal goat maybe
But some of the Swedes said - "naah, you're not Bulgarian, you're a racist Swedish guy and the beggars are poor, poor people.".
But honestly, I'm happy we even made it to the EU, there was a lot of opposition here, and we all know we are far from the most deserving member state too
We don't want to live in some random country far away from home
I explained why contemporary muslim wave of migrants is very different than the immigration coming from islamic countries 30 or so years ago.
Is it a coincidence again I ask that we rarely see anything posted about sights from Russia in terms of photographs?
Edit: mistakes fixed
and specifically, the Frankfurter and Hamburger drifts
In this case prepare to sail away with the British navy for re-conquering former Crown colonies that were so arrogant to break away from the glorious Empire.
Also, it was very late in my opinion - by age 17, the more socially active people in my class were already sexually active
He's not a member of BSP because the military is forbidden be members of any parties.
What made me thinking about Russia was the type of nuclear submarines used in Europe - 5.
[Hristo Botev] - also a revolutionary and great poet
On the other hand do not expect any strictly local news to appear elsewhere on i-net rather than your own country.
Elections are in a couple months
If this government doesn't go away, or if GERB get reelected, most of the young people supporting the protests right now are going to leave the country and not come back
Especially considering how many minor languages they did include.
These were all poorer historically than, say, Bohemia.
It would be a catastrophe
Divided Cyprus' leaders conclude 'historic' map exchange
More people work in Luxembourg than live in it - many people work there but commute to Germany or Netherlands where they live, thus the state's GDP is benefiting from that
Yup
students) .
I do it often myself
- According to Sofians, the rest of the country is either a Sofian suburb or backwards underdeveloped unpopulated countryside
* Ivan(a)
Even if you learned to read Cyrillic, it wouldn't make much difference if you didn't study the languages
4 percent in the fourth quarter to 48 percent, a level not seen since before the global financial crisis
Wow I didn’t know that
That so funny, one event, fake news accusations from all 360 angles!
Anything from their administrative/religious/cultural/etc aspects is studied regarding these two
The gold standard
Also Turkey have to be in orange category for sure
But internet culture is in many ways inherently derivative, and I don't just mean memes
Or Scandinavia, which went from somewhat poor to very rich.
Fuck this policy
Guess it is a regional kink
Unsurprising, but weird: Гадже (*gadzhe*, dzh sound like in judge) is established Bulgarian slang for boyfriend or girlfriend, and it comes from the Romani word for "non-Roma person". No comment on how it probably ended up that way
For Bulgaria it would be the Bulgarian empire under Simeon in about 900 AC
They're denying the existence of a unified "white culture".
Boyat nastana to me is a song that could have been or anthem
Thousands are хиляда (hilyada) for 1000 and following the same pattern
I haven’t had this case but an acquaintance of mine said he had an online friend for a few months or years and the two didn’t know the other was Bulgarian till they were playing a game and after a loss my acquaintance cursed in Bulgarian
[The UK has already lost more money from Brexit than its cumulative multi-decade EU contributions  ] and the whole thing has barely even started
No they don't, they are engaged in a real war with casualties from regular troops.
Somehow got back and did everything all over and after Waterloo was sent to some island in the Pacific and died
Err
Bulgaria signs deal to buy 10 Russian engines for aging fleet
My petition got closed without any comment this week.
Facts ultimately rule over feelings.
And the fact that you weren't stopped has made you hungry for more.
* if the parents can’t or won’t agree on a name by the third day after the birth, the clerk will choose the baby’s name for them and their choice can’t be appealed
I visited Romania a few months ago and all i needed was my ID card.
There are alternatives to these idioms, but all are usable
I would say that thats certainly a lot less than the euromaidan
Джон мейд хис уей ту а тавърн тру дъ дарк форест, онли ту файнд аут дат хи форгот дъ мъни.
You can't force teenagers to spend 7 hours a day craming worthless garbage in 12 different subjects with no real use and expect them to care
But then again, many people have recovered from alcoholism.
Still
*the whole city*, without any water
That's why I said I admire the romanians.
I can't afford a yacht hence there shouldn't be yacht spots at marinas?
Will they use electronic cigarette, even though it is vapor not smoke what you inhale?
Only relatively new states like Finland, Belgium or Bosnia are multi-ethnic and/or multi-religion.
If he mentioned those there would be no argument.
Don't be ridiculous
And I'm mindblowned
In my case i made a plan which i am following until this very day.
There may be questionable practices by one ally that merit negotiations, but if it really is a NATO base, open for use by all NATO members, I'd rather keep it.
A shame we can’t get some *better* American fast food here, like Taco Bell or Chick Fil A. I think Taco Bell would be wildly popular here
Great
and I am sick of paying to Syrian refugees.
It's instant Balkan scenario literally
You can tell me how much is the population of that region.
Warsawo walcz
The trigger is the red carpet - this is given away by the EU hero who is awkwardly trying to do the gentleman thing
An entirely irrelevant comment regarding the architectural look of various ex-Prussian old towns in Poland.
Serbians have amazing barbecue and alcohol
Of course not
Pardon, I may not be well aware of him to argue with you so I will concede to whatever notion you have of that person, but do I correctly understand you imply a society ought to be organized like some kind of corporation whereby “one of us” is a person of good “quality” or “content of character” and success, as opposed to his ethnic, cultural and ancestral origin?
Other wise i would of suggested Moronstopia.
Tripe soup is actually quite delicious.
As a kid i hated German, but now i kinda like it.
The greek people did that when they protested any cuts on Sintagma for decades or when tehy elected again and again those who promised them even more welfare and state expenditure, and outed any government that at any point mentioned the possibility of cutting pensions, sallaries or the public sector.
I've heard some Germans were working for NASA.
And while yes there have been multiple revisions on Type C (5 total so far), so has the previous one
You need to start collecting taxes properly, to invest in education even if you don't have the money to pay government service.
surprised pikachu face
Similar to how cultural, even non-practicing, muslims from one end of the world – say Pakistan, express solidarity with the Palestinians vs the Jews, or with European muslims, or with muslim refigees in the US.
I'm really really skeptical Russian would annex any of listed regions.
[EU citizens] Would you support a EU initiative for high speed rail network to reach Bulgaria and Greece
I was about to say Hesburgers but we have em here In Bulgaria
) but I personally rarely see that happen
From where you come
Even better - choose a different time
Talk about Northern Macedonia
The legal system is pretty inefficient when it comes to deciding slander or libel.
Of course: alll Turks on Reddit hate Erdogan and all support everything he does
You are repeating your blind rhetoric without actually reading my original reply
If you're saying the cyrillic alphabet was inspired by the glagolitic alphabet because that's the alphabet the Bulgarian literary schools were working with before, then yeah sure
Bulgaria is about two and a half Netherlands the size so I'd argue Bulgaria would be the smallest big country
Fucking seriously, how is SNL supposed to sound more ridiculous than Trump now?
We're not taking any of you in.
Imagine countries with distinct Aramaic or Coptic languages, identities and cultures today, instead of just this big bland blob of Arabic dialects from Morocco to Iraq.
Honestly, why should we serve anyone?
There are hundreds of abandoned villages
It's Delyan Peevski
Due to fake news currently a subset of the Bulgarian population believes that Bulgarian child protection services will steal their kids and send them to paedophile gay couples in Norway
The Spansh cards look like the large Arcanas of the Tarot cards
The message is not outrages in any way.
It was used as a sample that counterfeiters show to the clients
Gotta admit it's funny, tho
You'd be surprised, but it actually kinda existed in a theoretical form.
Trump-the-Clown favors bilateral trade agreements with foreign countries, as such treaties will give the US advantage to negotiate better deals cause they will talk of the position of the bigger, richer, stronger and so on country.
The Turks fucked with us centuries ago, there is brief period around the end of communism where it was the other way around but that was last century.
For some reason, people just decide to close their eyes fore some completely obvious, completely unacceptable facts when they decide their own and everybody else's future.
Because all Hellenic and Balkan history belongs to the Macedonians, it was merely stolen by the likes of the Greeks.
"Po dyavolite" means pretty much "Damn it" or "to hell with it". Something like that
No one even bats an eye
Ughh, the biggest problem of all
For weoman remained women and whatever men had as a prefix was removed
Really, about 2 millions stormed European borders 2015?
I can disagree, I can't JUDGE, because that makes me a hypocrite.
Help WESTERN Europe
I used to hate dairy, and we're pretty notable for our dairy products, especially yoghurt
He uses good arguments on why any revolution of the people follows a strong leader race where only the worst can win, making all forms of communism or more precise all governments saying communism soon^tm to be a dead end
Oldest friend of Bulgaria
Only Finland still holds but i guess it is because one of the governing minorities is less than 10%.
But we still remember what you did to use in the 80s, I am actually old enough to remember.
However I have never gotten a tax exception of any kind so I am not sure about what other services you mean
You're changing places with Norway.
The order of Malta are the Knights Hospitaller, the first crusader order.
That conflict won't stop anytime soon, and Russia already showed its increasingly aggressive nature.
Update: After wide public disapproval and condemnations from the President, ecology minister reversed the decision "30 minutes into the Monday workday".
The courts since refused to hear other cases arguing the matter is decided
I don’t think Bulgaria has one
I doubt one can be anti-nuclear in France without being considered to be a lunatic, France relies on it for the majority of electricity
They employ young guys, they come with their own truck, they carry your stuff, load it, move it and unload it
I am afraid we pay way too much attention to that lunatic.
Not if you learn a few of the above subjects in your second or third language.
Thus, I'd say, if it wasn't popular then it wouldn't have been maintained that much or at all if it was at some godforsaken place where the society is poor or doesn't give a damn about culture
What  bothers me is that all this activity - Dwarves, Rosenec, Borisov room photos - happened exactly when Bozhkov was charged
However, once you need to go somewhere (like down town, for example) you need to upgrade to jeans because wearing a tracksuit there will earn you the reputation of an "uncultured peasant".
I heard that is the case of many small Greek islands.
Beautiful eyes on the right
None, his way of talking was just a bit more informal, like "ain't". The way everyone talks but no one spells
4 million come to the streets to protest, then  the situation will be quite different and resignation should be immediate
Hell yeah
After that support can only go down.
Can someone explain to me what it is about southern countries in particular and unemployment?
The other team didn't do anything to you, but you must support yours by disliking the rest, right?
You can use " Prez kura mi e " witch literally means It goes through my dick
So, naturally, the Constitution of the Republic of Bulgaria starts with the dissolution of the People's Republic of Bulgaria:
I don't know for my current city, but the name of the city I where I was born and raised translates to loud/noisy
Looking back on that, i'm rather salty that the system is only concerned with dumping large masses of information in a compacted time frame rather than trying to optimize for comprehension of the material
Serbian and Greek music is also commonly listened to here, as it is quite similar to our own.
Doesn't that just mean "goodbye" in German
Brexiteers were particularly keen on it.
I don't respect someone fucking with my life.
Hissarya
USB 2
Funny thing about Bulgaria is that our name is so consistent throughout history that there are no other names for Bulgaria from other countries
I just found out about this yesterday
That was part of what I was trying to say
Once I was in a cultural event in Yalova, Turkey, and they hung the Bulgaian upside down, which is an understandable mistake.
Mostly political bargainer without own agenda
It's imperialism through immigration.
How can so many people be so stupid as to elect Trump...
English
Same with rights - they are a made up concept that you just can't say "this is a human right and you have to accept it".
I dont think its a popular food but I absolutely despise mish-mash
Will be interesting to find out what happens to both the EU and Britain.
Not with these roads
the rest of the country
It's pretty much expected that if you have a **full-time job** (after graduating) and live with your parents you'd chip in for expenses - either covering specific bills yourself (phone, cable, internet) or helping with the total expenses (buying groceries, paying part of the electricity bill, etc
Than what you said was even more stupid
50 - 70% - Serbian tends to be very slow and kind of deep, so that makes it easier to understand, though the lexical differences are solid
Maybe today they teach it
I believe the Turkish people there pronounce it more like КърджАли
I just can't believe how this stupid retard is sitting(bulgarian PM)
That's not a thing
What
I'm afraid several more countries in Eastern Europe are going the same way.
In politics only content i've even seen for the last 1 year is Trump bashing only, absolutely nothing else
The same model was overpriced by about 400 euros in our local Apple store
[EU citizens] Would you support a EU initiative for high speed rail network to reach Bulgaria and Greece
When I was a kid if I disobeyed the teacher I'd either eat a slap or they tell my parents who would slap me at home
>Have you seen the size they wanted Bulgaria to be after we gained independence
Eastern Europe be like: "Yeah, we poor, keep scrolling "
There's nothing stopping him from rigging the referendum.
Apparently last week Turkey put tariffs on Russian wheat.
Fuck women, I guess
School just explained the cellular level of things
9%.  We're not fat alone
I had paid a bunch of stuff for all of us before that so I assumed my "debt" had been sufficiently paid
But nowadays most part of Ukraine doesn't have Russian ethnic majority does it?
The former singing about friends, the latter - about language.
Russians also so speak
And that is exactly the issue in Bulgaria - we have a rebranded communist party (ran the regime '44 - '89) that still keeps in line with Russia, not a normal socialist party that just pursues left policies.
The villages are even worse
I was about to say Hesburgers but we have em here In Bulgaria
Yes i know that, but as you can see it did not solve the problem.
You skipped everything I said and how the poor aren't actually taxed more
Sorry ours isn't all *octagonal-galaxy-nebula-shaped* like them fancy Dutch forts.
Rock-Hewn Churches of Ivanovo - A complex of rock-hewn churches, chapels, monasteries and cells developed in the vicinity of the village of Ivanovo
Hitler considered Turks,Mongols,Iranians and Germans to be of the same Indo-European origin,making them kinda aryan.I have no idea why he was retarded in a lot things.
Which city in the Balkans do you consider as the most important and why
Here History is just one subject (aka we don't have World History), so it's pretty hard to cover a lot of cultures
same
they tried the ethnical approach
Another example is a Croatian guy who came from Bosnia like 25 years ago, he was a child around 13 I think and he still to this date does not speak perfect Bulgarian, I can clearly hear his accent and he is from a very close language to Bulgarian, gives you an idea that anyone else will be impossible for them to speak like a native
But they changed their name
For example women are coerced into shooting much more aggressive fims, than they are willing to
I mean, I mother-bomb pretty much everything
after 4th grade we can write the way we want
I don't know, there is a long way to China.
This sad
The west created the narrative of Islamic extremism when the problem was always fundamentalism.
Members are free to do that, other NATO members just aren't obligated to follow them
One thing the Eurozone has done differently than the US is to take in a lot less debt.
That is why many of the interviewees confuse White Walkers for Erdogan supporters.
In Germany
I just want to confirm it for myself, you know for science.
Nope, plus it is pretty easy to make at home.
Anti-British sentiment is spreading all over Europe, and Brits themselves don't do anything to try diverting that trend.
Most of the time we celebrate name days more than our birthdays
В гъза на географията. In geography's ass
Yes, UK tourists are very global in drinking.
I fell for it 5 months later
ours is so peaceful :( The old one was really cool, though.
> Bulgaria  - We are in a very good relationship at the moment but there is still controversy around Dobruja
You have not actually answered any of these questions, the proposal lack depth or actual though a part from a shallow pointing of the finger, it will not lead to reforms, it will not lead to prosperity
Most of the problems will disappear if our politicians disappear
It will be so funny when automation starts killing jobs on massive scale.
Or something
High school should focus on the student's individual abilities in the fields they are best at
Moving out into the countryside is cool if you have a family and kids, but as a young guy, it sound terribly boring
What about semi-soft, upside down, purple Brexit?
I think it's a valid statement to make.
> The airplane tickets are too cheap as they are not factoring in the true cost of all the externalities that the carbon emissions are creating
That is, you appeal to this rebellion ideal that doesn't actually manifest in these protests
If it isn't, it shouldn't exist there and must be replaced with whatever can be most efficiently produced in said region/country.
If we're talking more viral and recent ones, I'd say [this photo of a girl and policeman during 2013 protests] agains corrupt government is also one that made the rounds
Both were relatively free and liberal given the time and age they operated in.
Turns out his wife was pregnant with twins and after some quick calculations prices for care were ridiculous according to him
I am lost now, can not comprehend your words.
Every day there is something connected with Brexit on this subreddit.
**Slovak** 10-15% - Mostly gibberish, but noticeably more understandable than Czech and Polish
Germans always wear sandals with white socks and carry a camera
Our new president is literally Stalin (except he's bald and thinks Stalin was too liberal) so hopefully our relations improve
Yeah sounds amazing
It's kinda sad we didn't keep the [old Slavic names of the months]
I only kiss on the cheek my parents and immediate family when greeting.
Who will pay attention to British different attitude?
Pyongyang - Pkhenyan
How hard is that to figure out?
Прави - he/she/it is doing
For context I am a social democrat civic nationalist from Bulgaria
(Erasmus game)
It said I should bypass levels A1-A2 and should begin a course for B1
The shooter claimed self-defence but he was convicted for attempt at murder regarless
Both written and spoken it's quite understandable, and we only need a little bit of learning and preparation to be able to write and speak in it too
hey Brexit we at least know how to drive and stop acting like if you don't do it I've been there I've seen you
It's very possible it has happened before.
I may become your colleague :D
A spokesman for Jeroen Dijsselbloem, the head of the Eurogroup - the eurozone finance ministers who have been negotiating with the Greek government over its massive debts - said the Greek government's action appeared "to not be in line with our agreements".
I love your optimistic outlook on almost everything
Tyre is metric + inch for the rim.
It is first when it comes to change since 2008, so we really are first at something.
What the hell is this Guardians of the Galaxy extra lmfao
We weren't really a dictatorship until 1934 when Zveno couped the government
No, but I do feel extremely annoyed by the deliberate insistance of English speakers on not learning or even trying to learn how to pronounce names in other languages
I disagree
First time seeing or hearing about this one.
In the last 5 years Canada has achieved 3.5% growth only for a single [quarter.] Also Canada has a higher population growth so it's expected its economy would be growing faster, but it also means its GDP per capita is growing slower than compared to a country with a more stable population but same growth.
Even today, there are still many people in those countries who hate anyone from the so called "Eastern Europe".
Finally some good news
Austrians are obsessed with thievery?
I hope they succeed
You see EU as a single market to do business with.
Should have mentioned I wasn't aiming to be 100% factual, I guess.
It is the price the young ones will have to ( and already paying ) for the excessive spending of their parents.
I've actually had positive experiences with Americans and there was only one case of a very annoying guy, who, after the landing of the plane, stated screaming "Hallelujah" and "Thank the Almighty God" and then wanted that everybody sing with him some sort of gospel song
My guess is - due to unhealthy lifestyle in the Balkan region, people get sick more often, and due to government underinvestment in healthcare system, the health services and education are not of good quality :P
We used to learn about the Yalta conference as somewhat of a 'bruh' moment
Many
However, it's very common for kids up until puberty to be topless, until about 11 probably
I wonder what went differently in Romania
You don't really think about your own language's grammar a lot(except in school), but that's a very good explanation.
My personal opinion is - Moldova should join Romania, and all minorities residing on Moldavian soil must be granted special rights in order to preserve their identity.
Beautiful scenery, with the mountain tops in the back and the blue water combined with green grass in the front :)
Your ratio is one of the better ones.
Tried charging me 50 leva for a distance that's normally worth about 15 at most
Wow, if we just jad a good snow in Southern Bulgaria
Oh boy the things I've seen
Although with mandatory FPTP voting,which we also voted on in a retarded referendum today, they still win
I don't follow
Example: I want to return to Barcelona
LOL, that actually cracked me up
This is going to become a trend in the coming years
Infrastructure level Godlike
The title of your post says Russia.
The authors Bulgaria would consider its most significant like Hristo Botev and Ivan Vazov have at this point been dead for so long that their work is most likely in the Public domain
**Macedonian**, unsurprisingly, I understand 95% to 100%. It's basically the Southwestern Bulgarian dialect, but dialed up to 11 and with special orhography and random Serbian loanwords
Belarus police is torturing illegally detained citizens
Damn, Turkey, what the hell
It's a reddit thing, nobody gives a shit in real life
Doesn't that put you in the ex-soviet camp?
One is biased the other is literal state media that is saying what the state wants it to say.
Your country first became independent in 1918 and certainly never included Pskov
That is perhaps the only kind of lie in the media I can forgive
[Chelsea] logo always looks noble to me
What does Norway get out of not being in it?
"Who can deny that the latest fluctuations in the foreign exchange rates are not based on any rational reasons and that the main point is to slow down the economy?” Erdoğan said.
However, it is not only my opinion about the low quality of goods in my home country, foreigners living there say the same.
Does the US need to be mentioned here
Why would you go out with a bike in that weather
At least we're not lagging 20 years behind now, we've caught up to the West!
The report is speculating and the article is speculating on whether the report is right, but there's no debunking.
I'm curious
basic mathematics, basic science, Bulgarian history and basic human history, a foreign language (English to be exact)
The case that ruled ДПС constitutional is fascinating
Once you break it it goes down a slippery slope and eventually ends up to a point where people are ready to commit violence to protect/restore it.
RT would rave on and on for weeks how they are restricting freedom of speech.
Or even more, sometimes media keeps silent about important events in order to do favor to...politicians or business, or both.
What a scam lol
Nobody invaded Bosnia, you started civil war.
She wouldn't even be in this statistic because she is too young.
For most Belarussians, the Soviet times are more important and meaningful than the memory a German satellite state that didn't last a year
To be honest, can not recall of meeting any irish people.
What about [the 1 lev note]
Thus the birth of one of the funniest memes I have ever seen - the Chinese woman shouting "This is killing
I am very much in the right thread.
Yep, the EU has been calling for a specific reform since 2009 - make the Prosecutor General accountable and take away his ability to stop investigations by his subordinates
The whole world should get rid of these fucking (non-cosmetic) microtransactions
The English speaking countries are flooded with them, though.
The bolshevik revolution of 1918 put the mensheviks and SR's in jail right
This calls for an EU-wide company that should regulate this project
Great movie
I remember my father telling me that a friend of his who is in the police complained that the only way to do his job there would be to call the Gendarmerie, but then he would have to do a ton of paperwork.
church services
Wearing tracksuits
Think the English name is moose.
The refugees are indeed a big problem.
This reminds me of *The Good Place* and how they said Fork because they couldn't say Fuck
For an outside learner it is really close to Italian, trust me
Having a hard slavic accent is so comfortable for me to speak and I believe it sounds cooler rather than trying to fake a British accent which kinda makes me choke and spit
Military might, as you can see got nothing to do with being economical superpower.
She was used to getting all she wanted in life, so it wasn't something unusual
In addition to gerginborisov's answer the rules for reading them out have nothing special 12489 would be read as twelve thousand fourhundred eighty nine
Sadly i can't think of anything in english.
If only there were good candidates?
Again, there is no continent Europe.
Still far better than communist Bulgaria or Romania, despite having similar output in the 30s.
Well, they considered you enough of a threat to have [nukes aimed at you] Only Yugoslavia was considered neutral enough to be spared.
Nevertheless witch trials had like 100000 convicted over a couple of centuries for whole Europe, mostly in war zones, so while terrible, they are far from the biggest atrocities
Your point has nothing to do with the subject and does not change the fact that Turkey is not a European country
If the US can have an ambassador in the EU, doesn't reciprocity demand that the EU should have an ambassador in the US as well?
We have a very similar language, share an alphabet, and the Bulgarian liberation was a result of the 1878 Russo-Ottoman war where Russia was the victor.
This is some kind of a joke, right?
And we also can't do anything useful with the current parliament
Not surprising considering the mongrel that I am
I got curious before commenting so I checked it out.
I think they count the campaign led by Wladyslaw III Jagello and John Hunyadi in the Balkan parts of the Ottoman Empire in 15th c.
So if you don't count the two centuries it was part of the Roman Empire and the five centuries it was part of the Ottoman Empire, Bulgaria has existed for 1339 years
Old English is a lost cause though
The fast food variant is mostly Banichka, what means little (portable) banitsa
Mainland Greece is nearly a quarter of the total area of the Balkans
15 - 30 minutes by car in city traffic
I've actually heard the comparison made that France and Belgium's relationship is comparable to that of Bulgaria and (North) Macedonia
If you don't already own real estate (and real estate ownership is very high in most of EE), yes, you could buy a decent house or apartment if you save up a few years of average Western Europe wages.
I don't know what they tell you in Russia but it makes no sense.
Uhh .. the quality is shit actually
Anyway people often say that Bulgaria isn't in the Balkans
My point is that there are huge differences in the markets
But I've seen foreigners (Austrian and Scottish, specifically) absolutely killing it, to the point I couldn't even guess they weren't native speakers
And close schemes for neighboring buildings.
Just respect the local culture
He took even one kid - school drop out, and wanted to teach him to work with machines and all skills needed.
And the preamble is:
We must stand by Ukraine against Russian aggression
Then it's the socialists (Bulgarian Socialist Party) and ABV (splinter from BSP) who are successors of the commies.
Interesting values we have in Bulgaria
Which country doesn't have a controversial government?
You have to, at least partially, be assimilated by the culture of host country to be considered part of it.
In bulgarian news, it's quite entertaining
My country's infrastructure is really depressing
The bad children get taken away from their families and taken to Spain
Taking all these refugees in Germany and Europe in general, is like putting a hedgehog in your pants.
:) See you in 50 years when they are 25-30% of your society.
Is it something like out of 5 nominated, 3 are "criminals"?
Can't have a Portuguese history video without Lord Eder.
These aren't exports in the EU, they are total exports to the world.
Sure, that's all that should be expected of banks - to follow local law.
He's the main hero because he had very social political ideas
most ppl older than 45 here are just close minded
If I remember correctly it's forbidden to shoot porn in Bulgaria
Might as well have nice nature
There is a favourite alternative rock band of mine from Bulgaria which is called Hayes & Y. They sing in English so that would make them accessible
One registered in Bulgaria and opened an administrative office stateside and the other registered as US startup and opened a development office here.
A colleague of mine used to say "I am going to ride the porcelain horse"
You were conquered long time ago, and you did not manage to become independent.
The literary part has no purpose anymore
For that matter the second one abolished that institution.
It's the West fault that it didn't shower its former (current?) enemy with money?
At the absolute worst we'd have a repeat of the 90s UN funding crisis
Apart from a few fringe Romanian nationalists claiming southern Dobruja as part of Greater Romania, I can't see any  controversy there
He said Canada is closer to Europe than the US is.
They just slap shitty unreadable piece of paper with Bulgarian translation on it and call it day
But use your own flag, not mine.
Do 30 odd words really matter this much that it discredits the facts presented in the article?
Four:
I always knew rocky was one of us
You can be proud of the Roman republic or empire, while not being proud of the genocide that Caesar performed on the Gauls or not being proud by the slavery
I just hate anything remotely Catholic
And here's a song made from a rapper in 1 week, which is somewhat of a parody of retro chalga/kyucheck:
And we're part of a positive list for once
It's a Dutch tradition and you guys are entitled to it,American SJW's be damned
And that's fine - many countries have right wing parties and it's not like Jews are gassed either, yet there is an obvious and stark difference in how much more accepting people are of leftists and the far-left, than they are of the right wing, despite both having the same history of genocidal regimes.
Did he draw parallels between religion and genocide?
As for IT, yes, you'd expect most to have a working knowledge of computers, but most young people use smartphones nowadays and I've definitely noticed that only certain demographics (gamers, programmers etc
If the trial is in Bulgaria I'm thinking few people would bother just to testify how they lost a wallet with €50 and the thief is acquitted
But ours can easily survive aerial bombardment and possibly a tactical nuke, so it is therefore superior and glorious.
Why is this map showing our 4th largest city when other countries are either missing a city or have their capital and another
Any organized groups with guides?
Is it just me, or did the Tories literally put the interests of their own party over the interests of the country with this referendum?
There are alternatives to these idioms, but all are usable
should the rest of us be worried
In Bulgarian it's worse- Litva, Latvia, Estonia
Fuck any authoritarian party
Jesus fucking Christ, would you stop repeating that already
Eat so much fast food
If you want to convince me or the whole of Bulgaria that the 1st Bulgarian Empire from 681 has only the same name and nothing else in common with the present day, good look with that haha
You guys are tougher than I can ever be
It's not hilarious when it becomes government policy
Dude...supporting Russia is not recommended in Eastern Europe.
Fertility isn't uniform in a country or an ethnicity.
In any case, Macedonia is like creating a country out of Southern Poland called "Krakowia" that insists those "tatar poles stole the glorious Krakowian history, language and identity!!!
We have lots of caves
The rest would need Big Tech to scan the content
In a small city a while back people actually didn't let their kids to go to school out of fear
It's not that purchasing power was low, but that supply would often not catch up with demand, resulting in shortages.
I've tried mountain biking in winter and it's the most fun I've ever had.
The real trouble for me starts with Czech and intensifies with Polish
Greece is doomed with or without refugees.
However, there are plenty of fundamental things aren't being done.
We have 90 parties, some of them with similar platforms that try to take votes from the disenfranchised voters of the other party.
I see, thanks for the detailed explanation
I don't know the name of the job but its about those guys who prepare the dead bodies to be buried
Oh, and good old racism
Especially with that fat Dutch money :P
I've seen teachers leaving the bathrooms reeking of weed
There might be a few exceptions but it isn't common
Far right voters don't care about dirty laundry.
>Never in our history have we had an expansion war
Erdogan raises his tone and flings insults for just about anything including things that didn't even happen
