This is your brain on terrorism
But it's okay, I like to think I live in this political sitcom universe and all will be good
iPhone 11 definitely has a better camera than the S10 according to
But is there a case where bomb from WWII detonated decades after?
uh, friend
>and you could end up in prison yourself by accident
So enlighten me what has Merkel than in her last term to stop islamists endagering not only Germeny but the whole union?
Elections are rigged, but even people that voted for Putin could detest the injustice and assassination threat that Navalny is facing
In transition officials’ calls with E.U.
Because majority plus one is 50% +2.
I'm from Slavonija and we don't say that here
Sure, that's just my point though.
Sometimes you would end up with bloody knuckles, hence the name
1€ is waaaay to much
There are not many sources online in foreign languages about this sad story
It is also (imo) a prime example of how to be patriotic and truly love what is our own, but still be part of the bigger family and respecting that aspect of it as well
First past the post is kind of irrelevant when you have only 2 options.
Well I think for us it is obvious
Never heard of a "Yugo-Slavonia", Slavonia is a region of Croatia, and there was a [Kingdom of Croatia-Slavonia] but it was a part of Austria-Hungary.
nehany probaljuk, but it's hard af for croatians (there are some few shared words).
Don't hate on me
Well, read the contract better then, because Croatia will need to take care of 50% of waste and bear 50% of decommissioning costs
This is how Dubrovnik was united with Croatia
It's basically impossible to get full proportionality with any reasonably sized body, however, the big difference is that we nether implement first past the post nor winner takes all.
1) We trade Romania for Istanbul.
The UK strategy also isn't to get 60% of the people infected, that's just something that keeps getting bandied around the subreddit
You're not thinking about this comprehensively enough.
Belišće Slavonia :D
I can read italian quite fine and understand spoken (at least when not spoken too fast)
he was an american
Goat part of the coat of arms of Croatia is the coat of arms of Istria.
Yeah, I know what you mean
The renovations should have been completed this year I believe, but now after the quake, they say we’re looking at a long time before it’s renovated
Holy shit, just look at Serbia and the Ottomans ...
Vox populi u Hrvata je 'I got the lowest IQ' competition.
In Zagreb's lake Jarun there is something like a Loch Ness, it is called " catfish Jura" which is a 300kg heavy catfish
Spongebob has a distinct northern/Zagreb style of speaking, Squidward speaks in a bland standard dialect, and Mr Krabs has an infamous Dalmatian islander accent and vocabulary, that group is most often stereotyped as being greedy in Croatian jokes
Very similar
Like, really silly, what did she expect
I don't if this counts but south slavs have Hajduks and Uskoks that fought against Turks
I don't have much knowledge on the subject of Rijekese (?) autonomy
-Nikola Šubić Zrinski - he led an army of 2,300 Croatian and Hungarian soldiers against the 102,000 Turks in 1566, to protect the fortress of Szigetvár.
That was uncalled for
Just type in Google "old croatian coat of arms" and you'll see that most if not all of our coat of arms were first white field
Sure, every local tourist was in split once i guess but local tourist prefer smaller and quiet places
Also, some would say, [fileki or tripice]
U r welcome
If sometgings wrong with the baby, ok
Sorry I just read the title of the post, saw Religion education and started ranting
In 2019
Thats a brave man
Brits always hated it so brexit didn't come as too big of a suprise.
I was never so scared in my life
Zagreb- Split
Can confirm
We don’t hate him particularly, I mean there’s many, many others in our history we could hate more, but in the end he was a dictator and we are not crazy about Yugoslavia now because of recent history
If the walls are concrete, you can't open those doors with the pneumatic claws, since they won't bend
Thanks for being a nation of jokers and poets, offering everyone around you a laugh and brightening the mood of sometimes cloudy Balkans
You can also take any number of other exams if anybody's wondering)
If English wasn't the default language of communication we would have no idea who these people are.
Isn't that like, breaking the law or something
oh man, i'd say i'm pretty good at it, being from a tourist popular place in croatia
But it seems weird to me that you would trust Parliament to make laws and with appropriate majority have near absolute power but you don't trust them when it comes to immunity.
We learned mostly about how some noble Croatians (mostly ban Jelacic) fought and won the Hungarian uprising and then a bit how the German language was pushed onto us while a couple of politicians fought for Croatian language
Official data says that [over 60 milion Serbs died in WW 2]
But if you're looking for a serious answer probably French or German or Spanish
Yes, but did the majority and how many of them did it out of fear of being branded anti-state elements?
While the tricolor intentionally has pan-Slavic colors it isn't just that.
I'm talking about my son, who exists, not a metaphor for the future
Every year before Christmas, there's a group of these anti abortion morons 24/7, praying and holding billboards along one of the entrances to a hospital near where I live
The mountainous regions
No, pol just stole it from the internet in general, from youtube to facebook comments you could find it anywhere, it was just mocking the way leftist are running out of positive adjectives to describe multicultural areas without offending anyone.
You can see it in many different areas of life, not just drinking
leave the bieb out of this
Hm, let's see
We killed some serbs in ww2 and they killed some croats in croatian homeland war 1991-95
In Croatia we've got two, always one of them wins and then there's smaller parties who just get absorbed and do drama if possible (eg one party not getting enough votes and all so then mini parties go all patriotic and shit just to turn out to be a bunch of money hungry retards who do complete opposite of they promised the people to do etc, we even had one "new" party one elections, upon realizing they have actual chance to influence the outcome of elections their dumbfuck leader went to sign a public document stating they aren't going to be bought by croatian democratic party and that they will do everything that interests Croatia as a country only, to form a government with said party a week later, the same government that turned out to be the most embarrassing group of retards Croatia has ever saw, and trust me, we get out yearly dose of retards in bulk)
See, I was under the impression that the EU was a European project - and that includes all the member states, not just France and Germany
the only one that comes to mind is kukac(bug) where if you turn the second k into an r you get kurac(dick)
Country is Croatia
What about Grinzing in Vienna
Not really in the whole country
Much easier
Yes, in buildings like this:
I disagree with you
Do you also refer to your parents as "stari/stara"? It's a normal thing here
Just because it's a news article, doesn't mean the numbers are right.
didn't the English call it "the great pox"?
Why not be one of the first ones
I don't know if we broke all ties with them in 1527
If someone wants to hear more, there is also this song that is originally recorded this way
The Turkish advance wouldn't be halted, as the Turks involved were mainly raiding troops from Bosnia, and not any serious central Ottoman military formation
Even our most known anti-war poem is called [The Pit] about people being led to their death in the pit
It played a large role during our national revival in era of national awakenings in form of literary and cultural works
The city centre is pretty nice, but I didnt feel too safe in the other areas of the town
That man has no purpose for society
Yup Sirnica is Bosnian
Romeo and Juliet is 8th grade of elementary school
I'm not familiar with the law in this case so you might be correct.
It's another thing their politicians aren't as corruput as ours and that they prospered in the last 30 years
It is last in the EU
He has also been accused of forging the signatures of his fellow party-members to keep him and his lackeys in control; and also of embezzling funds.
Thing is if I travel to western country  Italy is always a country that I need to pass, so after being in a state of half hunger after Spain or France Italy is a first stop where I stuff food into myself
Dude, you are just like all the tourists coming to Croatia and telling us how we are living in a paradise, only to be visibly shocked when they learn we work for 2-3 dollars an hour while living a stone throw away from Western Europe and just slightly lower living expenses.
Wtf just wtf, did French soldiers annex a part of a european country?.
And i suppose the fanbase wanted it back.
Long dark winter mornings or early dark summer evenings
Yet you proved us right
He's obviously a hobgoblin
They could go for days with arguing in circles.
Who do you refer when u say "you people " when responding to what 1 guy said?
But as for the country with which I've had the most fun
I’ve never really heard of reporters here being biased
Thats how it should be
Really
The borders in that shape are older than ottoman invasion
Don't know, think yes sometimes could work
God dammit, now you've ruined it
The problems of rising Russian oligarchy were well known
+ Cradle of Western civilization/thought, Socrates, Plato, Aristotle, Pythagoras, Diogenes :D
But yeah, that makes sense
This Looks like a space station not a metro station
If you have any questions ask in the sub.
Billion = milijard
Yup, when one regular died, a candle was lit in front of the bar and everyone that could went to his funeral
Not directly, but it is more or less accepted as a truth that bosnia and herzegovina is a keg of gunpowder once again
Still waaay behind the US media machinery
And here's one I've seen only once, but it worked:
1 for Croatia
Best part of our culture
It's also nice to do it in rural areas
Absolute brainlets
I just explained myself
It is seriously naive to think they will stay out of DE.
Schmarov (center) and Russian Ministry of Defense ltgen Grachov (right), celebrate the completed dismantlement of silo 110 and the Ukraine's completed nuclear weapons arsenal dismantlement
Croatian national thetre (HNK)
Today marks the 70th anniversary of the Abolition of Prussia
Anyone from Monaco here
Wonder if that underpass flyby was actually done like that.
That being said, there's an obvious problem with corruption, health care and other stuff so yeah, you win some, you lose some
Don't worry, we can sense the smugness coming down from Triglav ;D
Ours should do something too, then.
(It was probably not called that through it's whole history
I feel like the geek culture is not that popular in Croatia
you typed h insted of j my guy
There should be more cross-states banks
Patrick has a normal accent but its just very deep to sound idiotic, and my memory is bad but I think Luna also has a Dalmatian accent
I feel for both girls
but tell me, how much easier would it be if they went away
Tesla was an inventor
Okay
He claims he rang the bell, but we think he pressed the wrong switch (we have two switches next to the door; one is the bell, the other is the light switch for the light above the door)
To ti i govorim
Suddenly, Croatia’s population decline makes sense
This isn't a sub organized around some male-dominated topic, you know?
For 75 years, Finland's expectant mothers have been given a box by the state.
feeling all that "I can't even" wafting in my direction.
All of that points to the Russia being somewhat unpredictable and agressive towards the nearby countries at the moment.
It's not, no, but it is common for cuildren to financially help their patents due to low pensions
Your point leads to my comment, in which my i stated my own personal conclusion independent from the media
Well, I consider it a separate act of genocide.
It's actually a baby food that everyone eats.
Lots of drugs, crime and corruption
Oh yeah, that would get you shot in Croatia
"but American oil jokes are surprisingly accurate, "
Most of historiography, to my knowledge, now considers them a separate Slavic tribe.
Most of the people on the street that count as anti-gay aren't so in the sense of *actively* hating them, it's more like "but but why the hell are they so obnoxious, always parading around", like a - sweep it under the carpet.
Hoping that other countries will follow in your footsteps
I wish there was a more successful movement to preserve our heritage
The company is owned by Heineken Croatia
Since me and my spouse do everyday communication over IM (messenger, hangouts, Viber, whatnot), if I get a *call*, I know it's serious, so yeah, I'd answer it, but in a hall or common room, so as not to bother colleagues
Daj se skuliraj
so did the other guys also set their neighbourhood on fire with their bonefire or did they decide not to set it alight
Though mind you, while it's fashionable to blame Putin for the world's ills lately, I think he needs to do pretty much *nothing* for EU to either fall apart, or transform into something else that's less useful.
First time I'm seeing this particular triggering (you don't seem to be the only one in this thread).
Hitler came in to power legally.
Ja to nikad nisam ni vidio ni radio na tome
Hrvatski -
“Boli me briga” literally means “my concern/care hurts” and it is *only* used sarcastically to denote you really don’t care
I am speaking in past tense because not sure if that can be applied to Hungary now with Orbans administration
Literally the country bumpkin stereotype of "Haha crude stuff funny"
It might just be the case of not knowing what to comment in a situation like that
Of course, there are a lot things that are special in Dubrovnik, but I wouldn't say that amounts to a wholly different experience than living in Zadar, Šibenik or Split.
Subspace hostel with space pods opens in Zagreb, Croatia
Rijeka and surroundings were later influenced by the Austrians but remained still distinctively coastal cities
No, non-swimmers are not common.
kurac - dick
The flu shot is optional and I may be missing some other vaccines, not sure
The actor who plays Bucky Barnes is Romanian, IIRC
Hello Druže Tito, how did you get Southern Makedonija (trigger greeks) and some parts of Austria and Italy?
> Effectively it's the result of a EU-wide race to the bottom combined with increased globalization
unless you're a hunter or whatever
Just think about it, the Mongols came all the way to the Mediterranean, insane
Pozdrav iz Hrvatske
Tourists that come to Europe for the free money?
what every body is saying
For some it's a mark of pride
Liberland, a country that may not exist, says it hopes to build close ties to Trump White House
*B O I*
Prices are normally 8-10000K euros per square meter
and even if you do learn it pretty good, chances are you won't understand what I'm even saying
ide krava pustinjom i pogodi je tepsija
Hmm, pretty sure that there are older businesses in Croatia
Also, I started laughing at the final scene when the police shows up and everyone is dead silent hahah
I nearly choked on my breakfast when I read how much it costs to rent an apartment.
We have no long lasting friends :(
I learned a lot of czech words that way as well
We have zero standards
Male names are glorious sounding and sometimes even usable/used
We literally had that queston in our version of The Chase (tv quiz) yesterday
Free trade is plenty and without the single markets anti poaching rules it's in our interest to get you out of the Single market, in to an FTA to remove tarrifs and just grab any industry we can.
(Special sniper company of military police brigade)
In Zagreb its a 50/50ifhe will let you pass orjust go his way
Sure, with a decent wage life is pretty damn good here
Remember the world cup
Lol, wtf, who likes guns and weapons
I demand version 2
That means over whole year (including winter and summer) average temperature is X.
The main shopping street in old town Split is even named after a general, August Marmont
Man, why did that fall out of fashion?
It took centuries to mix newly arrived Slav barbarians and civilized city folk.
You excuse misinterpreting facts, but outright falsifying reality cannot be tolerated.
Idk why is it but my eyes teared up looking at this
The only option UK and France had with Germany was war, and the only real way to stop Russians is war, difference is the disparity of power then and now, and existence of nuclear weapons
We and the Nato are by far the most important allies.
Article 1
• roman - novel
Here it's not just tourists, locals do it a lot too.
Is hetero person eligible for adoption?
I remember one time, She claimed to me that Austerlitz, with modern day borders, was in Austria
Thanks cunt ;)
Anyone thinking he isn't establishment is a fucking idiot.
It's also nice to do it in rural areas
What do you thing they are looking for
( Is it just the sending of people to the Gulag
Poland in pickle over a multi-speed Europe
We have them but they are really, really rare
By that "hate them cause Ottomans" logic, most of this sub should hate most of this sub.
What differs from what I personaly considered:
Strongest one in 140 years
or is the other one the "rival city"
you asked for it, baba milka was internet star
It can take much longer during summer though since we have a lot of tourists here
That is quite fascinating actually
Or some other band/author, hell now I remember them all, one by one, even Pepel in kri
If you don't understand it look it up and again learn something new ;)
Condoms and pills exist
And that is exactly what happend
Not so sure about women, but men are fine
Don't forget how Bandić handled the terrible earthquake that struck Zagreb this march
We hava a lot of diversity in Kajkavian dialect
If onli ju kud hev novn vot anholi retribjušn jur litl "klevr" koment vaz abaut tu bring davn apon ju mejbi ju vuld hev held jur fakin tang
Unlike in English, in Croatian(and some other languages) there are formal and informal versions of ''You''.
First of all take a dictionary and read what universally means.
They've got curved swords
Yes, they all had a jolly time.
Here's an earthquake, morons
Rijeka:
Their music works similarly to what I wrote about B&H, except it's more intense, fiery
Especially if I had a daughter, because of the status women have in that society
For a decade and a half it's been abandoned and decaying
I didn't say Zagreb pronunciation was perfect, I said the *standard* Croatian language was used for the perfect pronunciation
past tenses
If we want to provoke/tease Bosnians, we start talking about burek with apples/cherries :) Coup de grace is "burek with potatoes". :P
This one is normal, white rice but you add cuttlefish ink which colors it black.
Why do they not state how much money that is?
He even twenty years filmed an erotic movie [Ann and Eve] here
The drive between the Ljubljana and northern croatian cities is around 2 hours, so not a long drive at all
I really wish it gets more prominent and pushes out the whole "Rome and Greece created Europe" narrative out of our textbooks
EDIT:: second one is 5
There isn't any poll or research on that topic that I am aware of.
Turkey was modern and progressive just a few years back.
Christianity is the foundation of Western ethical systems and political philosophy
This perspective is important because it means that there's very little that can be done better, but there's a world of ways things can get worse.
And it sucks
I'd agree with you if you could prove they established legitimate country with popular support, not a mere puppet state
3 minuses and you get an F (1 in croatian, cause grading system is 1-5)
other slavic languages have it for sure, but i like how there are 3 different words for "where" in croatian
Denmark is a cool country and seeing one more country in Europe, except my own, to be so proud of their flag and nation was quite amazing to me
Are you German, if so, then yeah, why not!
if the EU risks losing access to a market of 64 million Brits, Britain will lose access to a market of 440 million Europeans.
[Tomislav Horvatincic (results on Croatian)] local crook and businessman who has friends among politicians, killed older Italian couple with his boat
There was more stuff like that just trying to make us hungarians
IIRC in the survey we were able to give our suggestions for improving /r/europe.
How is uk so low
-Petar Zrinski and Fran Krsto Frankopan,leaders of the movement against Austrians
I don't know about the Hungarian Index, but the Croatian one is trash
Literature goes on in croatian, everyday communication goes on
We fought bloody for our independence and it's annoying how uneducated you are about the country you're visiting, especially if it's in the Balkans
I love two Serbian patriotic songs from World War 1, despite the fact that Croats fought on the opposing Habsburg side
2 cm long
And then I tried it with eggs and it's a hundred times better.
a) What the Republic of Srpska is
Sorry about "free to leave after 21 years" part
Međimurje in the north of Croatia
Countries on the continent are obliged to join Schengen.
I know someone with "Anamarija" as their name (not sure how it's spelt though, together or apart), so i guess it could work
"oh my god how could they have possibly won our data predicted 95% chance of Clinton's win".
I'll be the one to ask
Or you could have, you know, paid attention in geography class.
Shouldnt the roots of trees be problematic
at a time where we're all relaxing vigilance towards HIV
Ban Josip Jelačić, 1848
Doesn't help them, wouldn't help us.
I don't think we have any stereotypes about us specifically
Dražica
More land for Serbia, that's why
they just went half-arsed thinking nobody is going to dare to do anything
I dont know if you think of mcdonalds as fast food or local private business like kebab or cevapi vendors
Because you can't tell by the uniform who's rich and who isn't
Croatians are mostly poor (compared to you) but live in a beautiful country with amazing, well-preserved nature
Oh and the mermaid is shit, don't ever go there.
Add the fact that Germany has quite the reputation of sticking to principal over raw economics and you have a problem.
cool to see Croatia green
We were taught both
Its likely someone at the city office where you register your child would talk to you if you wanted to use some inappropriate name, but AFAIK, you could name your child anything
even the one over zagreb had more casualties
Every single party in Croatia is a really weird joke
Just tax them like a mofo and enjoy the fresh air.
Self explanatory since its on the mouth of the biggest river around the area
I'm guessing you wont be able to join without recognizing kosovo, right
Kosovo is recognised by half of world (not from most of the states who have their own problems with secessionist regions) unlike RSK (which even Russia didn't recognise), but I don't recall that you had that political stance back then.
And obvious one
It's OK you guys can start to fuck with Kosovo or Albania as soon as you're in.
To be this abusive towards me for talking about what I think
We have commitments to NATO, something some people in Serbia don't understand.
It will then be Germany's problem, not ours
I used to like KFC as a kid, but nowdays they suck
There's a bunch of them who came to pula, looking for a better life i guess, and people dont like their backwards mentality usually
Why wouldn't it be
According to the last census (2011), Croatia had 4.284 mil people and out of those 300k said they are skeptics/agnostics, atheists, do not want to say or unknown...
By making the cost of doing business just marginally slower and slightly more expensive, they can steal huge amounts of business from their competitors.
Each class section has around 30 students at the beginning of the 1st HS grade (so 9th grade in German and English system)
Not in a country with a working justice system
Poor Kolinda, she's been getting a lot of unnecessary criticism this week, first from Bosnia and now from Serbia :'|
Dayton accords are not working as they are now
Or at least, Southern Germany and Northern Croatia - we were influenced by Habsburgs a lot in these parts.
You want some catholic approved rakija
Sure, but I'm saying that European bias is to be expected
*Croatian hymn in the background*
That is one mash of situation.
We see the benefits he brought with him
EDIT 2 :: one 15 year dead in building collapse
Isn’t there a stereotype that we drink a lot of coffee and smoke cigarettes
While not entirely comparable to nuclear MAD of the later 20th century, there was a significant fear of war and the devastating effects it would have on a very financially and economically interconnected Europe
It's not exclusively the mountains, Czechs always get hurt.
Wow, just amazing
I mean syriza had good intentios but it crumbled under pressure and Varoufakis left and is critical of Tsipras.
Wow, didn't know München was so high
sva srebra, sva zlata, svi ljudcki životi
That's temperature, not air pressure.
It's not their most common search, they just search that thing more than any other country
Then there is east of the country, Slavonija
I would rather play in Croatian if it's possible
Best part is it will never be over actually.
We truly live in the dankest timeline
There are no Apple stores in Croatia, only licensed sellers
In high school you choose between religion and ethics, and most people take ethics, whereas in primary school you just have religion and you can either take it or write to the school that you want to drop the class (mostly kids who are not Catholic do that, everyone else takes it because it's easy)
Same goes for SDP - social democrats, but its all being replaced by younger people
Hey, i have a question
It's almost as if they are a problem in Europe
If said like "Greenland with rise 10/10?", OK (but that's the point of the earlier rice-comment anyways), but I thought /u/gormhornbori wooshed the whole thing.
You do realize that Russians also have their 4th/3rd generation tanks?
Familiar
Serbia
For example, Paul Verlaine's Chanson d'automne is melodic and cool in French but not in Croatian.
That one day we'll be as prosperous as Switzerland
You also sent 4 planes and you left a few months ago.
Class 1-4 would eat at cantina after 3th lesson while class 5-8 would eat after 4th lesson
Your loss
[And another one with seasonal greetings]
Adolf
Bachka Small Town = Bačka Palanka
Cutlery
> but do windows computers and androids even connect to each other
The EU does a good job, first time hearing about robocalls
We don't want to encroach on your "sovereignty".
+/- the countries which used to be in the Habsburgerreich ...
Istria non existent, 8
You can imagine my Montenigrin friend getting some very upset reactions from Croatian girls when he asked for a number so he can "turn them around".
love this weather
"Just for good measure" hahahaha
There were lingual purists in Croatia back in the 90's. Luckily the trend had faded away since
As in, you have enough size in area and population, your economy is OK and same goes for internal resources should you go into isolation, your army is OK too (especially the nukes).
So there's that
Why do Croatia Montenegro and Greece and Spain stand out so much compare do rest of west and south Europe
Im a chatolic and we go to churches on sundays and we have no difficulties while muslims go to dzuma on fridays and they work or are at university.
Woah wtf
Morbi purus lorem, porttitor ut massa feugiat, tempus scelerisque mi
In 5th grade about conception and 8th grade about types of protection and std's
No mercy for them
Split: Dioclecians palace
That means over whole year (including winter and summer) average temperature is X.
Not wanting to shake a woman's hand, sexually assaulting women in winter coats, machete attacks is considered "anti-feminism" now...
Mostly because everyone's decided to forget every bad thing he's done since Trump is worse.
Yeah really, people need to learn about the foundations of western civilization by reading Locke, etc.
It's just a good anger language
However, we should always give people the right to do these things, because if you take it away who gets to decide what can and can't be criticizes and satirized
Waffles are shitty sweets to me as well
You don't because without EU anti poaching rules to protect your industry from moving to the East or South, tariffs are the only thing keeping people employed at that point, but still, you want it, you got it.
It was federation of republics: Slo, Cro, BiH, Serbia, Macedonia and Montenegro + two autonomous provinces: Vojvodina and Kosovo
Yeah, you shouldn't look down on people, but defending this desperation industry
It is actually pretty nice considering that they are like 7 Million and we
The reason being that at the time overwhelming majority of Austrians absolutely felt German
It is extremely sad
Thought I was in /r/spqrposting
Well, he gave in to anti-semitic policies of the late 1930s royal government and supported its authoritarian turn - best seen in the formation of concentration camps for communists and communist sympathizers in 1939, which were then simply handed over to the Ustaše in 1941 with most inmates still inside (for instance Kerestinec)
Whoever is writing the script for 2020 can kindly fuck off
99% of the time
• sir - cheese
I really like Varaždin as well, a much smaller city northeast of Zagreb (my extended family is from the area, and it's a really nice place), and Rijeka
You give them 500 euro that can only be spent on cultural shit like theatre or museum and transportation, not on weed and alchocol.
And they'll ignore you because why wouldn't they.
What's the best Eurovision song from your country?
This is utterly depressing and gross
Nice brother :D
Selling out Americans, having them lose their jobs just to give the British a better deal goes directly against one of his key messages.
Also having an American protagonist calling it Yugoslavia in modern times would be a fun stereotype of an ignorant American who still thinks that country exists
UK Submarines will have to report to King George Bay in the state of Georgia in order to be regularly inspected and serviced and armed with the leased missiles.
"but American oil jokes are surprisingly accurate, "
Pros: beautiful nature and architecture, safe, low crime rate, food, clean water, free education and healthcare
Italian + a dash of something that's more similar to Slavic languages?
Kekkonen Kekkonen Kekkonen
Oooooo thats right
What about the more "unofficial" rules?
It wont work because of American "1999" model.
That's foreign right
Germany has goal for 2020 of 18%.
Many companies were, and some still are extremely competitive.
meni je osobno najtužnije kad vidim nekog mlađeg od 35 kome su njegovi isprali mozak pa propagira mržnju bez da zna ikakvu pozadinu priče
What was your country's historical moment that was so ridiculous you couldn't believe it when you heard about it
I'm going to fuck this city with a huge grin on my face!
More beaches=more tourists
And somehow slovenes are more fluent in croatian than vice versa
“O beautiful, o beloved, o sweet freedom,
Well, I hear it all the time ...
History articles are heavily biased and are casually trying to show that nazi puppet state was a good thing
The point is in equalizing of ideologies that were never and will never be equal.
They ended up being called Uskoci, and after a good run they were disbanded by Imperial authorities for being more trouble than they were worth (once the Emperor wished for peace with Venice)
QUERTZ with šđčćž on the right side of the keyboard (if on computer/laptop, on the phone i just use QUERTZ bc i type without these letters)
Well, yes, we were under austrian or hungarian rule for almost 900 years
april Anno Domini 1776 some serf known as Jakob Verček was carrrying water in a bucket around the city of Varaždin
It works fine how it currently is IMO ...
I would say that Italian is even easier than Spanish to pronounce because of the simple fact that it lacks the "th" sound like in "cerveza".
booo mitteleuropa nerd here
I can't find that journalist's sources in the article.
Vas dvije - the two of you (girls)
You have to open the file to get the direct gif link.
And now, as his prize, he lives a better life than 80% of world population
Third gender Sweden now Norway ?
Regarding poetry, I think loose word order does help but Croatian has a significantly smaller word count than English for example, so I'd think that represents a limitation as well
Maybe I am biased but I really expected everyone to know
You guys keep you windows wide open on a hot summer's day
Well shes german
b) [inventor and the home of the first quarantine]
Yeah, I've been with my girlfriend, and it's kinda amusing I guess, but nothing special
Thanks
yeah but they Banned alcohol at this year's Sarajevo city centre new years celebration.
amid lingering difficulties filling the ranks on a voluntary basis
Most probably not, but I'd find it funny
Kind of a metaphor, isn't it
> I also loathe the kind of people, most commonly found in Dalmatia unfortunately, who have this know-it-all attitude
Usually google.mn because my laptop has Mongol under "Regional settings".
Pretty sad
Rijeka has some problems, and can look boring from the highway, but once you get into it it's quite interesting city
Bohemia, Low Countries, Slovenia, northern Italy, Burgundy
“What's so white upon yon verdant forest
That's all we got :)
would anyone take any notice of it?
Croatian here
They are seperated by river Sava
ovaj stol (this table)-masculine
Quick, how can I make this about religion
Street attacks/muggings are very rare
over 3,000 crimes were committed against refugees in Germany last year
"people must trust us" speech deserves an honourable mention
I think the civilised countries are starting to give up on religion , and what i have seen agnosticism is increasing and not decreasing.
Vinkovci: the Habsburgs built us a Gymnasium in the 18th century, now it's the most elite school in our area
He was a Nazi puppet leader :(.
any accent can be "uneducated" if you emphasize it enough but mostly it's the rural accents (of which there are many) that take the role
Poor Europeans want to google their great leader and it auto-corrects it to this fraud, it's probably rigged.
OK, I agree there
most cities arent even french anymore, their schools are overrun by migrants, whites are about to become a minority.
Plus the other two foreign languages (English  + another one) that are mandatory
Tank: "I am foliage"
Ali hvala ti, i vjeruj mi, jesam ponosna :)
Europe which is fundamentally subservient to American geopolitical interests.
They lay many eggs so the numbers replenish fast
If the only thing a stock has going for it is the price constantly going up, that's what shareholders are going to demand
Bulgarian food is fuckin' awesome.
Who doesn't love a good old sarma mmm
Yes, I am 16
2014 - 45%
Citizens of some countries percieve "Muslim" as an racial category, while in the former-Yugoslavia it is a concept that has almost nothing to do with race and everything to do with ethnicity
Around 80ish (according to Wikipedia)
Maecenas eget eros leo
Ask any Croatian during the tourist season
One in Zagreb
And it seems like immigrants don't get deported even after commitng horrendous crimes like the rape of a boy in Sweden today.
Don't you have your own problems?
I can confirm you can buy it in Croatia, but only in Müller stores
:D I'd love to hear opinions of Dalmacija natives here
Everyone's hospitality is really wholesome to me
Imagine scrolling through reddit and you see your own house
I like how your police drive AR 159 <3
Pretty much on point
I was, multiple times but I wasn't salty about it as everything else was 10/10 in terms of hospitality so it was easily forgiven (this is a massive compliment when it comes from a Balkanese)
I do have the option of going by bus but it takes way longer (45 minutes between cities and then catching the local bus to the other side of the city - I'm guessing it would take me about 90 minutes, if not even longer)
It's chocolate flavored wheat flakes mixed with milk.
QUERTZ with šđčćž on the right side of the keyboard (if on computer/laptop, on the phone i just use QUERTZ bc i type without these letters)
but "can't" stop people from getting out
I didn't know there are subtitles on video.
Edit: I just remembered, we also have another way to imply something being far away and/or in the middle of nowhere, we'll say the place is "u pizdi materini", which means it's "in mother's cunt". XD
It's not evil, it's a matter of opinion
It consists of several buildings for housing soldiers, staff and administration and several hangars used for ammunition and military hardware storage
Funny how no matter how much one has, them always seeks for more
There's just too much shit
Similarly, the Irish are well aware of their neutrality - but you can't really blame them
Every French person I met spoke english and was very polite
Kinda like Bavarians in Germany
What is bullshit
Is that normal or something
I was actually never in the Technical Museum
What is beyond me is how did parents overlook something like this, I mean they should know what their child is doing.
So I looked into it - tried to figure out why Croatia in particular needs a visa.
Yes, people call it like that here also.
They made some choices leading to the death of many people on both sides including some horrific ordeals like the Srebrenica massacre
Since you are our neighbours
Curabitur finibus justo quis risus fermentum elementum
I still don't know the answer to that question
Like "it will be minus next week"
I think these are mostly rural folks
Also, the scenes for ''Star Wars Episode 9'' were filmed in Dubrovnik and ''Robin Hood: Origins'' is currently being filmed there, so we're yet to see if they'll have the same impact as Game of Thrones.
I did not say it is dead, merely not as pronounced as in the East.
Russia was developing modern-era propaganda to change it
Lithuanians are epic gamers, change my mind
St Peter's basilica and square, Rome
What does size have to do with it
To add, it's also the classic "northern" Europe vs "southern" Europe rivalry, with Zagreb being colder, and people being stereotyped as quieter and stuck up, and Split being warmer, and people being more wild and passionate, but lazy at the same time
I put Zagreb, Zagreb by Ivo Robić but that is pretty good too
Well, it has been 700 years of listening, they probably got used to it.
Croatia always has a soft spot for San Marino since the guy who made your country comes from one of our islands
Those are just some interesting facts, I am sure Croatians could continue the list
Russians don't particularly like us.
Perhaps you didn't notice it or you were born in the 80s, but Croatian language puts much more emphasis on maintaining order inside the language
You get a saint, you get a saint, everybody gets a saint
That doesn't mean that people didn't wear their "Sunday clothes" for the sake of photography.
I couldn't find any HD pics using reverse image search
We will call it ze "Flüchtlingsschreck".
Do you know how to differentiate between Slovenian and Croatian camp sites?
Who knows
"The book mentions the details of the nuptial night.
Still not _nowhere near as much_ as Samsung and Huawei
The big ones (FB, MS, Apple, ...) already are companies registered in Ireland
Just to note here, in the past the languages were much more diverse than today
I'd say it's the '40s and ustasa regime
Historical determinism is BS
They bailed out Deutsche bank and pretended to help greece and now the whole debt is on taxpayers to solve
Maybe my impression is wrong, but that has triggered the other side of the spectrum to become more protective of the European values, which are being disrupted by the right-wing populism.(Macron, Schulz)
* Euro 2016
I recommend watching Goran Milić's documentary series Tada i Sada:Hrvatska, BiH i Srbija
Modern monarchs except Elizabeth are refered in their original
These were nation states, who's explicit goal was to unify their people by forcing a common standardized language in schools
Ne ne, Estonija je baltička Slovenija
But its more likely because Austrian border and Slovenian towns are closer to Zagreb then Split is to Zagreb
Also, we have different names for months
It is impossible to precisely calculate exactly how much food is necessary and those who tried a top down system like that starved millions
Something is wrong here
It looked pretty sick you know
>Also the camera blows any Apple phone out of the water
*Prosto* is on Bosnian, *ne komplikovano* is on Serbian.
IDK maybe he was ignorant about the differences between US and German laws when it comes to expressing yourself joke or not
Boring, we didn't have a suspension railway
Of course they should, I remember reading these same articles 5 years ago, why they still haven't done it I have no clue.
The Irish yet again win, I wish there was someone to analyze this
I must share my grand grandmother  daily routine, and she lived hundred years
Also, I've heard about the possible connections of the Brabant killers with Operation Gladio, right wing government and all that
P I Č K I N    D I M
The only thing you can hear is the driver’s radio playing and its like everyone is staying quiet just to hear the radio
I still have issues walking alone in the dark, even through a very safe and familiar neighbourhoods
is there anything controversial about that
it's pretty much what the Serbians did in Srebrenica when they took over, they promised to take care of the civilian population, saying that they're treating them fairly during an interview and now that place is known for the biggest genocide and war crime that happened during the Yugoslav civil war
deliver us from our bad connections
Basically most people are apathetic and won't bother doing anything about a politician they don't like
Sure np
He didn't mean in that way
I lived in sarajevo until the war, first 6 years of my life, and then i moved to croatia
Dividend stocks have shareholders that prefer steady returns over massive gains in share value
Regard to laws and rules from Nordic states
It's necessary for a single market.
10 years ago there wasn't one wind turbine around me, now there's 5-6 mountains/hills that have 8-20 wind turbines on them.
For chicago to be "polish" city in its loose sense it needs to have polish majority
Pljuc
I tried to spell it in English
There's also another word for that, escajg (Esszeug)
1991 - today
**Serbia -** This has to be said, when compared to Serbians, our sense of humour sounds like a tired dry boomer who is done with life
The Ustasa lost and the NDH state does not exist anymore.
> You people
The rest of the world doesn't exist
And this is after all that razor wire.
edit: however this is why I always have a soft spot for brits, they invented best sport ever
Our army is just some kids who's main job is to help people during floods and stuff
He usually just blabbers without much sense
Which schocked me cause I thought they don't give a rat's a*s about any of the slavic nations
And yes, we are thought either German, English or Italian (depending on the region) from first grade all the way to high school until graduation
OP gave a link to a source, there you can contact the author of the map.
I don't personaly practice this but lots of people still practice the ancient balkan tradition of hating all of our neighboring countries
And no, im not counting serbian/bosnian/montenegrin as separate languages to know ;P
But yeah the breakup has been even worse for Central Asia, Moldova, Ukraine etc
So Romanians are both vampires and hobbits
Even downtown shops in Zlin were open.
We had few examples in croatia because our government is so happy when they need to give our citizenship to people like eduardo da silva and sammir (both brazilians, both played football for our NT and both speak very broken croatian)
Here's an earthquake, morons
This is slowly becoming hilarious.
Our workers could work abroad for a better salary using that system, or simply going to work in West Europe
He also works undercover in Vecernji List.
I think it's important we keep things in perspective.
It's stupid to compare the development of internet in Romania or Bulgaria ( which evolved from illegal local networks between blocks for sharing pirate games and stuff which were later bought by legit operators, something that would have been impossible even in Croatia in the 90s ) and most of the EU.
Slovenian "Zahod" (meaning west) means toilet in Croatian
"Hit me in the face if you want but please don't call me German again!"
929265
Oh boy here you go with the whataboutism already.
It truly can and should, go fuck itself
Isn't 48°C approaching lethal if staying outside for longer periods
*googles Ljubljana's mayor*
If you asked me a decade ago, I'd say hell yeah
Tourist workers on the coast can profit much by knowing any (other) language
I am learning it and people come to Germany without knowing a single word yet eventually they learn it.
My dad was a huge fan and used to tell me how he used to read *In desert and wilderness* during the siege of Sarajevo when he had the time
Each year gets chronologically closer to modern times (starting from Illiad in first grade) with mix of foreign (mostly eutopean until 20th century) and domestic authors
Here traditionally the most popular drink is Rakija which is strong homemade brandy.
The EU should have been formed after that war, not after ww2.
I thought it was just Communism
Recently we went to Slovenia and it was quite the opposite, almost all people were naked
This type of shit happened in Yugoslavia mid to late 20th century
A gdje su bile prije granice
If you find an official government data, then it's a different story.
They don't like you anyway plus it's EU what will the do give a harsh statement ?
He reminds me of one of our populist politician who is a nurse but acts as if he has a PhD in Finance.
Bureaucracy is very different from country to country and as a rule of thumb it gets worse the more Eastern you go(excluding the Baltic countries)
If they conclude that you can't swim well enough, you have to attend a swimming course for a couple of weeks, until you learn.
Wasn't us southerners for sure, it's smrt here as well :D
From my point of view, in Croatia it is Plitvice lakes
In Hungarian I think "sz" is for "s" and "s" is for "sh"
The addittion of the roof structure has most certainly been the crowning achievement of this renovation and has added a whole new dimension to the building
"The tensions were enormous", "War was inevitable", "Both sides had plans to invade the other", "The world was a boiling kettle" etc
Wait, those huge buildings next to the river
1) The US Air force is currently in active mission support of the Saudi bombing of Yemen, stemming from air refueling Saudi aircraft to transport and munitions supply.
And I usually stay away from these...
edit: oh yeah and whenever I spray some Boss Bottled I get reminded of Austria
Lay off the Kiselev and boyarka a bit, Manya.
We have a lot of remains from the Roman times and even a few Emperors were born in what is today Croatia.
Your drowsy reputation is hillarious and charming at the same time and it's a very positive (albeit passive) effect of having no issues with you as one of ex-yu nations
It covers about 15-20% of electricity needs in Croatia.
Maybe that's for the best of things
But then it has to do the same another 26 times with the argument having progressively less merit.
Like 90% are mandatory
I live in a capital, so it's not exactly a matter of knowing all the neighbours
Slavs, similar historical context and we both love John Paul II
Sounds oddly familiar
Not me tho :(
I still cringe when I remember that horrible rubbish
Serbia- I guess this is not that good of an idea
Closer to Hrvatska than Croatia but still pronouncable i think
I just wonder how many upvotes and comments this will have in comparison to the original thread since clickbait and circle jerk bullshit is usually what gets the most votes.
Hell, i don't understand a lot when i'm talking to croats from zagorje or even dalmatia
Dubrovnik, now best known for being Kings Landing and a popular tourist spot, has very rich and interesting history
Are you asking me if you have conversations in the United States?
Honestly I always thought that Friuli- Venezia Giulia is autonomous because of strong regional Friulian identity not becaue of slovenes . I remember as a kid traveling there quite often so those hills in that region always make me chuckle when I travel trough that region
On the other side, you have the YNA
Based on which countries had larger influences on each other.
It was created in commemoration of the 1914 battle of Cer, where the Serbian army beat Austria-Hungary
Cutting his internet is a breach of his himan rights, he should definately sue for this.
It's kinda ironic, everything that you consider bad is at leat 10 times worse in Balkan's, so even these thing that are bad to you, seem like utopia for us, just yesterday I talked with a friend how our bureaucreacy is slow compared to German, and also recently there was a talk how in Germany you can start in low wage job, but if you show that you can work and are willing to work you can easily get a raise or even go upwards in jobs, while here where you start, you'll most likely stay, and only chance of your minimal wage rising is if goverment increases minimal wage, something which happens rarely and only in very small incremental values
Touching photo but you don't need to post it multiple times a month
Happy Independence Day Poland :].
Without Croatia
On islands and in northern Adriatic there are places where they use cakavizam.
He would have been held responsible for war crimes under a fair trial
Priests come, bless your house, take whatever money you've placed on the table and leave until next year round
I love everything about it, except for their government/president/dictator.
Hopefully serbia qualifies, that will make the group even more interesting
Thrilling game, Croatia played really well for one part of the game, France really well for the other part of the game, and in the end they won fair and square
What bugs me out, as a "sort of" outside observer looking in at Germany, is the general popular narrative about WWII.
France Gives Boost to Electric Vehicles Amid Pollution Peaks
Are Serb politicians not allowed to campaign in Srebrenica according to you
That ephemeral friendship between individuals is nothing against mobilizied collective enmity and hatred
I hate Tudjman too
Hello, my name is John, pleasure to meet you
Id say for me it gets more vicious than monopoly
Good boi Slovenia
Swimming in a submarine tunnel on the island of Vis, Croatia
>I think
In a former commusnist state I'd expect this to be a political suicide
US nuclear missiles provide them the reason not to do it, no matter where they are
I know they do, they differ here, as well.
Yeah seriously what's up with that
I mean forcing parents to feed their children is techically forcing substances into that child
Damn this must be at least 50+ k
Why
And it is them who need fucking directions, I don't benefit from the conversation at all
Where can I buy it
lol, you are comparing Spain with the rump state that is Croatia.
Students in Croatia like to fool around on these kinds of tests to look "cool" and "rebel against the system" in class...
I'm not sure
No one is ending the world over an air space violation and everyone knows that.
It has improved for me
30%? I'd say most people smoke
At least pick the lesser of the 2 evils.
so all anglophones are woman ?
1991-1995
but we will get there and if technology continues to get better it will be 20 years max before we have 50% of people out of jobs and once it happens there will be no new jobs created
Yeah I heard you guys take ferries to Estonia for cheaper alcohol
EU as a state, perhaps and I hope so - we'll be stronger together
They make this subreddit look far left hippies
Gibonni if you want some good production
* 10^9   -> Milijarda
The old town is in desperate condition and "thankfully" "only" one person died
* Some people go around, pretending to be deaf, and ask for donations - the worst part is, the actual institute does need money, but people are now wary of paying because of scammers
On the other hand, I never knew that for example Finland and Netherlands have this "map-rivalry" going on ([Exhibit A] never saw that outside of reddit \^^
Open letter to the people of France:
English all the way
That could be true and my info could be wrong
I go for one day to fucking Heidelberg and this is what I get.
No, its because debunking takes shitloads of time, should millions of Germans spend 5 hours of their day trying to see if news is fake?
Happy cake day
lol no, they had nearly 4 million square km during the fascist rule(mostly African territory).
Say in biology, do you have textbooks and reports in both scripts or is any preferred
I was waiting for someone to mention it
Nice but EU flag kinda ruins it
Just felt wrong
Also in Bulgarian "karam" means "I am driving" whereas in Serbo-Croatian it means "I am fucking".
The other reply said it all, a city state which lasted 500 years and only brought down because of the Habsburgs who used the opportunity to take it after the Napoleonic wars
Well, to be frank, both Fanfare Ciocarlia and Goran Bregovic play brass-band music, so maybe he was relating more than confusing it
Our population is spread all across Bosnia and we are living very well in the FBiH compared to the other entities.
It's like those Brits drinking tea instead of coffee :O
That was the first one
Man, I'm just talking about casus belli.
These people will then move to even further radicalize various Muslims already living across Europe.
Did you just casually reveal the secret of our national healthcare?
Iran is hot it does not even have color
Unless you're from an another ex-Yugo country lol
What are some "fake" English words that are used in your country
He only cares about himself and how much he can profit from this
I mean, what kind of a question is that even
1991-1995
I just mentioned these two as a most famous example
Zagreb has [it
Not a good example on the whole, but I've heard Antony Hopkins's Romanian at the beginning of 1992 Dracula is pretty good
The industry of consumer goods and those goods had to fight on the market, for the client
Shame on you, Andrzej, for being silent
But they also have more soft power than the EU
Obsessing over it is what is grinding our country to a halt
Recently we went to Slovenia and it was quite the opposite, almost all people were naked
Women that have to have birth were put in the cars
People are still very irresponsible when it comes to informing themselves about the party they are voting for.
Strmopiždenje: falling with such force and grace that it's both funny and scary.
I mean, on first glance, what you're proposing seems as strange as for example Germany producing specific entertainment for their Turkish minority.
i do hope that A Hi Bi Hi Europska Banka za obnovu i razvoj
Lost almost all of our nobility in that battle
Meanwhile, that sanctimonious bitch had a shotgun wedding because she got knocked up
How are your apple pie skills
Sed eu posuere elit
Beli Manastir-Serbian actually/Monoštor-old name on Croatian/Pelmonostor-Hungarian/Manoster-German
I mean i knew it but it still hurts a lil bit
I have some notion, but why would you think that?
they leave people the hell alone as long as they do their job.
Here in coastal Croatia we say time the same way your Primorci do but in continental Croatia the same as continental Slovenia/Germany
And nobody is talking about the bridge of Gibraltar
I feel like I would be one of the weirded out guys
How the hell is it state-supported ?
He looks retard af
When multiple options were available I chose the middle number.
>but I wonder how meaningful that distinction would be to a Congolese person
"Lightning does not strike in the nettles".
Cyprusified flag of the European Union(with Cyprus still on it)
And also, a lot of buildings are cultural goods and are protected which is, on one hand, good because you cant build modern buildings there and destroy the historic town but on the other hand its bad because you need a lot o permits to renovate them
anyways, i feel like a phone is a way of showing off while here it's considered as a helpful gadget and nothing else
TIL I am in fact in Zagreb, Slovenia.
3AM now is as dark as it gets
we are preety chill and lazy I think
Donec justo risus, rutrum at sem non, sagittis aliquet dolor
The leadership of Turkey has already said in the last few years that they will defend Bosniaks if some threat to them arises.
[vyeveritza]
By settling over the span of several decades and multiple generations, not one million in a single year.
It was 5000$ to install fire proof sound isolation, 2500$ difference and they didn't bother to pay that
Seriously, if we'll go by influence, I'm waaaay more affected by USA/Russia/China/Turkey than for example the Nordics.
japanke - the japanese (flip flops)
No wonder there is so few of them.
Oof
I live in a building from 1983
Skanderbeg would be proud of you guys!
Serbs will just hate them more for that.
Human cancer
Take a look at it this way
And the classic "if you hate America go back to your shithole"  "you sure you aren't illegal
Croatia then sends [Stipe Miocic]
Another thing most people don't like about him is that he's a Croat from southern Bosnia, and those people are basically viewed the same way Sicilians are viewed in northern Italy, if not worse
Sixtus abbey, just to get 2 crates of Westvleteren 12 (buying 2 crates/48x0.33 is maximum every 2 months).
You might like ''purgerski rječnik'', a dictionary of Zagreb dialect:
Are there any other brand to country mismatches you have had
That's pretty darn representative given that the number is constantly between 48 and 52%.
It's the same sort of magic that made Hungarians majority in Kingdom of Hungary in 19th century.
I found this really neat 15th century gothic backplate that I would like to share;
You have a chance to side with US and destabilize EU, they can't bill you for stuff that is yet to happen the agreement is non valid if you leave
Happy Independence Day and cheers to many more to come!
Varaždin used to be capital of Croatia until the big fire torn it down
Sincere apologies Slovenac :)
Although i is just and and a is just also
just because they have similar surnames
The lands they ruled reached from Serbia (no Vojvodina then) to southwards
Then aftewards we would bring all that back home and switch them for the ones for tomorrow and put those in our backpack
I knew what you were referring to, but you never had our sea
It just doesn't sound like the stuff we usually make
but fuck I love milk lol
That would of course need to change, but he is not a Stalin type of a dictator.
Heh, It won't be long before the **foolish westerners quiver** before the **might** and **glory** of **the East**
There isn't really a rivalry, most people feel neutral to positive about the other city
Hvala puno :)
Its usually cheap traditional food like 5 € for stews or some meat with potatoes, or fish and black risotto if on the coast
Palermo was my first thought as well
Simpatičan si mi što se znaš izrazit na redditu kao otpušten čovjek a ne neki pc reddit speak
not the most appealing countries to live in and many of them wouldnt feel like an upgrade from the present situation
We have been in the EU for years now
"Uni"
Too true
I think that do wear less makeup tha Serbian women, which are also pretty, but they have stronger Turbofolk (trashy faux folk music and scene) culture that is like 'more the better' , and unnatural look is what they are going for
Especially because most of the words that are different are still well known in all countries, so for example, while Croatians don't use the words hljeb, pantalone or šargarepa ("bread", "pants" and "carrot"), most people here know what they mean
Varaždin was later completly rebuilt in the barouqe style, and it is now famous because of that
Not to mention that dealing with negative aspects of multiculturalism sucks out the oxygen from public discourse from other topics society needs to address
Where are the evidence that they won't join the workforce?
Sure, you should just specify in which dialect since there's 3 vernaculars (kajkavščina, štokavščina, čakavščina) consisting of many regional dialects.
European Union is not exactly at prime point either, with elections coming in various important countries soon, I truly doubt anyone will jump to help Belarus.
Government of Israel is funding Aliyah across the entire world, calling upon all Jewish people to immigrate to Israel.
It's similar with Einstein, a Jew from Germany who later became an American.
If you are talking about NW then yes, we all switch to standard
Astronomical taxes, rising crime and Denmark
In a way I'd say you sound similar to Russian as well but I find it interesting your relatives disagree
Well, I'd rather ze Germans took over.
why is this downvoted to oblivion?
I like Austria, been there many times
Do you pay taxes in the country you live in?
You start screaming hate unless you're pat on the metaphorical head of the point you're trying to make
Wow, here in Croatian we call that place "Pik". I wonder where those words come from
Yes
We have the exact same 7 cases, kind of surprised it's the same in Latvian
AFAIK (I don't live there) There's also some -eks in Zagorje (probably in Slovenia to IDK)
i know the potential is enormous and i knew we have a couple of hydro power plants but i didn't know about solar and wind, where do we have those
And I also think EU will sooner fall apart than grow closer together.
I don't drink alcohol and I don't enjoy summer or swimming in the sea
• to - that
What are you, Hearts of Iron France or Europa Universalis France, because if it's the latter I vote for joining the Big Blue Blob and going on a Crusade against global border gore by making everything a nice Ultramarine.
There needs to be grounds for asylum, threat to life, oppresive regime, prosecution for race, sexuality etc.
Our tourism is purely accidental (read: sea and sunshine).
I'm gonna be a bit different here
People are just conditioned to find the cloud that comes with every silver lining.
In Croatian in the "this" part the gender is visible
Are you trolling or just stupid?
It seems that average woman is 20-25 years old, and that in the continent with average age nearing 40.
I think French gets too much flack for this
Time for everyone to hate Europe in the coming weeks, and rightfully so
Housing in student homes is also free but you got to have points to get in
Catholic Serbia* although people who say this are aware how triggering it is
Serbuan has the same latin script and they tend NOT to mix up the letters as they put a lot more emphasizes oj the sounds than we do
Grouping 87 different cultures and ethnicities, who just happen to live on the same continent, into a single group called European
Born in Croatia, family from Serbia, actually an American
Good points, but I believe my statement still stands at least to some extent.
That's why they fucked us with arms embargo.
This is why the world prays for him not to get re-elected
Funeral effigy of a knight named Ernst der Eiserne, Rein Abbey, Austria
Maybe it's like a coping mechanism for the shock of the experience beforehand
So who knows
Here's one for Croatia 2001-2017: 0
it was all over the news
[Guess we finally know who is the bottom in the relationship]
What does that imply though
**Southern lazy illiterate race unite!**
I never said that the secession was legal, but I do think it was right
Criminal law
Maybe you could stop calling them "far-right" then?
Btw, i have never heard someone use žili as a verb
858 euros in Croatia, kinda doubt that somewhat
Can confirm
It's really hard to understand mindset behind the bombing of areas without military value.
Well thank you for making me feel nice for 2 seconds
Today marks the 72nd anniversary of the beginning of the east German exodus, one of the largest exodus of people in human history
It's available
Prljavo Kazalište- Marina, Heroj Ulice
The key is to find a person willing enough to be your language parent, as teaching our language to foreigners takes a crap-ton of patience and determination
Where did you pulled that from?
Suspendisse cursus libero ac pharetra malesuada
I don't know how those who aren't too affected by its history would feel, but all I can say is while as a human it's always sad to see someone pass, this is a day for Eastern Europe, particularly the Balkans.
In ex yu countries and Bulgaria i think i would be fine
Has there ever been a poll on what Croats think about it?
in istria, croatia we call jeans "rifle" but not rifle, as you'd read it in english, it's pronounced as it's written so you'd pronounce it "ree-fle" (fle part as in souffle)
According to the historians, we came from a place in today's Poland called White Croatia.
Interesting
Nice stuff, but take the video with continuously dropping grains of salt.
Nullam lacinia dolor ut sapien maximus, cursus euismod diam mattis
Do you just make it up along the way
Sit gladnom ne vjeruje
Oh, and if you're wondering, the guy's name is Dario Juričan
Would need to get a son first, of course, but this fortress makes it all seem possible...
Many will tow a hard line because they fear losing their job more than tanking their economy.
Most of Slovenians too
We don't accept shithole countries
Just checked on Wikipedia, grammar schools in the UK only exist in some parts of England and Northern Ireland and there are only 163 of them
On the coast where tourist cities are, you can normally pay in Euros, without any covering fees.
Plus I can't imagine reading a book and having to read Čarls or Vilijem or Đon
"A military commander who was passing through, exhausted and dehydrated, stopped at one point and dug his sword in the dry, cracked ground, out of despair, and water suddenly began gushing out of it
Without Brits EU might move to more federal future and it would be a superpower.
I had to google it honestly which one was which and the result said that at first three kings represented old, middle-aged and young "magi" but in time they became kings and *Melkior* represented Europe, *Gašpar* represented Africa while *Baltazar* represented Asia
Čekić najjača.
Theoretically you can simulate anything, including whole galaxies down to the subatomic level given enough processing power.
The less you know the person, the less chance that the guest will be asked to take off their shoes
That on its own makes it interesting
You must purge the evil from among you.* - Deuteronomy 22:20-21
[Like this] - 2015 parliamentary elections
At least we're not bored, eh
I mean, you [try to do a handshake and...]
I mean, Franz Ferdinand is a prime example there as well - as long as he lived, the Empire would not go to war under any circumstances, period
god - ring line inside a tree trunk;
you are correct, its like it was written by 13 year old
And I guess we have a lot of Slavic and/or Latin/ancient Greek words, since the standard Croatian language uses only words that are of these origins
Quadrillion = kvadrilijun
It's also a thing in Croatia
Tall, short
He was born in Dalmatia (Today Croatia) as far as I know.
Are the tallest mountains just 15 or so blocks high
The Netherlands has a lot of universities with classes in English and it's arguably the most liberal country in Europe.
Vinča culture, as Europe's most overlooked ancient civilisation, which had an alphabet and developed machinery way before most others, deserves its own thread
I saw it 2 months ago, it is so beautiful
I'll try to refrain from being salty, good game
But everything else you've said is assumptive
I am avare of all that
What is the smallest country that you would consider big
For one of the more famous figures in world history I still think he's actually underrated
I remember my grandma reading me the books when I was I kid.
EU has more people though
Anything colder than 20 is already too cold
Take a look at Chinese media, what is that if not one enormous propaganda machine?
Varaždin was the original capital of Croatia and it was replaced because of the big fire there in the late 18th century
5th of may was the battle for castle Itter, the last stand of the Nazi war machine
I haven't seen it on the big portals front pages
I remember when Serbs run before Ottomans and Croatia gave them refuge some centuries ago
The whole "draw by hand" thing is not a hard rule but a rule of thumb and a very subjective one at that
Po Vuku Karadžiću
That statement has been false for a long time.
They are the most advanced military power in the world.
Since when is cursive faster to write
Not only DOTA players, there wasn't a teenager in my neighbourhood in 2009/10 who didn't have 'all i ever wanted', 'boten anna' and 'now you're gone' on their phone
Were our Medieval ancestors  nazis
It wasn't part of either side
I feel like you're describing the most primitive people, creme de la creme of every turbo folk club in the region
That we had a pretty neat kingdom back in 10th century and didn't just appear as a nation out of the blue in 20th century
If they don't, they are not highways really
They're very forgotten, but I wouldn't expect them to be very known because next to nothing is known about them
and many more hahaha
And it has more active personnel than Slovenia, Croatia and Bosnia combined.
No talents, vocals more annoying than a fly or mosquito, drug promotive songs etc
Sure, he had Slovenian heritage, but everyone that lives on or close to the border has a large degree of blood ties to both sides.
* Premier League
The very definition of the word fascism is [authoritarian nationalism]
Tbh I like Vaike-Oismae
That's Clinton, but it's also Silvio after going in to politics and it's going to be Trump in a year or to as well.
Being a politican or owner of a company and not stealing from everyone you can
This has Balkans written all over it
Harboring hungarian king Bela IV during Mongolian invasions and obtaining Golden Bull for it, establishing it as a Free royal city in 1242
> "Da uchish ezitsi e prekrasno i shte se radvam da nauchish moyat ezik"
And another
I prefer older, historical places, small towns, I'm really glad I live in Europe, so most interesting places are close
P a c m a n
they can go home you do know that UK should take care of them
**The Dutch**: haven't seen them much, they're usually hanging out on campsites with slovenes, driving audi station wagons with bikes on top of it
As if you ever stood a chance, all you would've achieved is direct Nazi occupation and even more direct enforcement of their rule
I have some clear questionable liquid stashed in the pantry behind homemade ajvar.
Because it sounds ridiculous, like most "normal Croatian words" that are promoted by idiotic language purists
Maybe it's the aristocratic laugh, it looks genuine but evil..
Where she was shunned because she was Austrian instead of French.
The Italian army was way to weak to have any meaningful impact on the war.
We need some self-sustainable method of generating refugees.
Russia is an important friend to Serbia, maybe more than the EU since they fiercely don't recognise Kosovo, losing such an important ally isn't in our interests
Also that our nation is both 1300 and 25 years old.
We don't have any strong feelings about Bulgarians.
I mean not literally in the backyard, but there are constant diggings around our coast and islands, finding some Roman or Byzantine artifacts
Because you voted for the ones who lost or because you didn't vote
I wish we could be that efficient ...
Unfortunate that we don't live back then.
What is the public's opinion on #4?
I have been late a couple of times because my brain interprets "pola 3" as just "half + three". Also the whole "frtalj" thing which I still don't really get
if serbocroatian does dissapear it will be because of decresing populations and the fact some immigrants dont teach their children to speak serbocroatiam not becuse of english
But then billboard stays forever because ot gives steady stream of money
Lol But Slovenia can still into Slav
Yes, hence I used that term, because it includes political alliances and unions.
We had 3 or even 4 if you count Kingdom of SCS Croatia
Whole Slavonia probably  (joke, but kind of not at the same time)
[Croatian-Serbian guilty pleasure] - this is the original, even though there are [Greek] and [Brazilian] versions
Maybe [Istria]
Lol watch Croatian or Kosovo parliament,that shit is on another level of uncivilized
How did he taste
r/footbaww
I personally did the following, I waited for my trial period to end and got the full contract on unspecified time period
She did look very happy one time on 16.7.2014.
Although we favour Asians a bit
Interesting how hate voting apparently became a regular thing now.
This list is longer and longer is it problem in this countries or in some people in kremlin
In reality you could probably classify a majority of the people on the planet as being part of the "American but with a twist culture group" That's why places like Afganistan that aren't part of that overarching group seem like extreme examples
Like it would take 20 guys to take it so why didn’t anyone
And yes, they were brutal to say the least
Wouldn't be fair to judge half of humanity for their particular rare lunatics, you know?
Thank you to everybody for still visiting our coast despite the fact we are not "that cheap destination" anymore
Not even a dirty look
Neither Serbs or Croats use this name to be fair.
While it's taxed at a lower rate than a salary, to pay a divided you need to first make a profit
Striček - uncle(on father's side) diminutive
What
Your loss
The owner is actually a family friend, so I have no issues anyway
American politics are influential worldwide and it doesn't bode well if the American electorate disproportionately prioritizes a specific issue, especially terrorism.
Russia/USSR let the Baltic countries become independent in 1991/2 without any war or major conflicts unlike what happened here ( i think less than 100 people died all in all in those Spetznaz actions there ).
Just when i think that im starting to understand some aspects of turkish society this kind of thing slaps me in the face.
I know capitals of around half of all states, New England again being a problem, Pennysylvania, North and South Carolina, North and South Dakota, Wisconsin, Oregon and Washington state, I never bothered to learn their capitals nor I had a chance to hear about them
Yes, we can recycle bullshit all day long
Btw I have a Serbian friend and ex-classmate from Srpska.
Also, what I noticed after moving abroad is that a lot of girls in Croatia don't wear that much makeup at all
As far as I can see, Trst is in our hands so I am satisfied
Cardo, Decumanus and adjacent roads
I like Austria, been there many times
They said I could become anything so I became a suitcase
Camps in Southern Europe where potential Refugees are held
Is it
I know a few people from Croatia that went to Serbia to do volunteer work in an animal shelter, because they had so many dogs they couldn't keep up with the amount of cleaning needed (and were in dire straights when it came to food, like, all the time)
not much new problems, Ireland was ruined buy drug and drug lords from way before so this was just business as usual
Balkan women were feminists before feminism was even invented
Both are pro EU, heavily clientelistic and support state interventionism
Tony Blair urges Britons to 'rise up' to resist 'Brexit at any cost'
What everyone seems to forget is that the U.S. is a huge federal republic, with enormous differences between states
That's why today we mark the European Day of Remembrance for Victims of Stalinism and Nazism
The red flag with a crescent is a Turkish flag FYI, the german is black, red and yellow horizontal stripes.
It's 2 extremes
POC migrated to Europe in various different environments and forms, ie as labour force in Yugoslavia during the Non-Alignment movement
Of course, Bulgaria and Romania have the right (and probably will try) to block it and I'd completely understand that, considering the fact how long they're waiting themselves
because it's geographically defined as being south of Sava river
) Your Matura exam determines if you enroll at a uni or not
Zadar - Zara
It's also the tallest building in Croatia.
Because he lacked money for repairs, he took away Easter holiday salaries from city-owned companies and kindergardens and transfered them to the disaster fund without informing them
I just don't prounce around in Gucci so they think I must be poor (even though none of them do that
Maybe they eat a lot of bread, burek and lepinja
So we can have revisionism in the comments instead
But who will pay for you when you get old?
This is for disposable masks
The Sorrows of Young Werther, Old Goriot, and there's a whole lot more than I can remember
Old city centres are typically too crowded to allow space and infrastructure needed for such buildings, and, especcially if only a single building is done it strongly affects the panorama of the city
Yes, but among the arguments I usually see for visa refusal, overstay rate is the most common.
Russia supported the unification of Germany, ironically enough France and the UK were the most opposed
Do law makers understand that those kids had whole lives ahead of them
Haven't heard many compliments on beers from Croatia
Yeah, well the Croatian name for it is *povitica*.
Hungary wanted to control our lands from 1102
I'm curious, do our people actually think that it didn't happen or is our government just lying to itsself
*Former Yugoslav Empire of Macedonia (FYOM)
What I meant is that power **might** corrupt some people (not *everyone*, as you put it), but I can't prove anything with my anecdotal evidence.
The small towns on the Western Balkan route have been forgotten.
Same here
ne mogu bit plata tvôj čistoj lipoti
Where do you get this BS from
We say "at" (but pronounce it like et) and "monkey" (manki)
Just in my small town theres alot of girls and women that are apsolutly stunning and since I live in touristy place I heared lot of foriegners expressing their amazment of how many good looking people they see here
Same in Croatia, I haven't missed a single Christmas without watching at least one of the Home Alone movies
~~The regions culture has changed after the islamic invasions and the religion changed as well
Why would a government be sued for implementing its own law?
It’s a cliff in the middle of a valley
Depends on who
But in Croatia at least you could get areas like that but it would be rather difficult to find
jokes aside it's funny to me how that corridor would "correct" division from 9th century
So In Croatia most people play Tressette and Briscola (Italian cards) in the south and Belot in the north
Spansko selo
I never went back there anymore
you truly justify the claim now
Yeah, leading power of EU with food stamps, you cant drive your car every second day, if youre not a part of the party you might as well not exist, etc
pretty much the same thing happened with japan
We have more Serbs than I thought(189k)
Not only that, but binding of carbon monoxide to haemoglobin causes the haemoglobin molecule to increase the affinity to oxygen on the other 3 binding sites, meaning that while haemoglobin carries the oxygen through the blood, it can't release it in the hypoxic tissue.
That's true, even a lot of our doctors and med students smoke.
The 3 of them also technically prevented millions of others from dying so
All I have is anecdotal evidence (haven't met a depressed-looking Albanian in my life).
Thing is, this is relevant only if there's interbational pressure.
Are those circular towers a part of some larger fortress or are they separate?
Never ever heard anyone in Croatia refer to something they don't understand as "Spanish".
I am glad to be of service fellow European.
Trump is in office, his focus will be China and Iran, not Russia.
Do you have other groups of immigrants I don't know about ?
[Cathedral of the Assumption of the Blessed Virgin Mary(Zagreb Cathedral)] - 105m .
So when were first explicitly Serbian settlements in Vojvodina mentioned in sources?
Before this americanization, Croatia was culturally connected with the German-speaking part of Europe
**Germans**: if old then they can be seen on a beach, always (and i mean always) on a chair or something like that, under an umbrella, very red and sun burnt
Holy hell, Hitler put Goring, a Bavarian, as Minister-President of Prussia?
Haha
Cynical people are mostly more intelligent than non-cynical ones
tbh, it wasn't a colony, it was just part of Italy
I'm always astounded how massive Malta's population is
Never said it was, but if this is what is idolized and celebrated, I don't want a part in it.
The Pelješac bridge has been a legal battle between Croatia and Bosnia for a long time, it's currently being built though
I recently discovered that party-breaker (or partibrejker) isn't used in english
There is quite a difference between public opinion in Croatia compared to France or Germany for example.
Nothing new, here some already [refused to remain in Croatia] and either disappeared or announced return to the Middle East.
Also, they get mentioned quite often here as a country we should look up to
> Inequality will only increase
I always thought it'd be much colder than here
In croatia its called Čovječe ne ljuti se and is enjoyed by people of all ages
Museum Mimara
Most people can't actually tell the difference between rugby and american football
I work in the air traffic control and when we go to take a shit we say "i'm going to give a release for descent".
I have never been to either
My favourite three letter names would be places like Sinj, which look like it's four letters, but isn't haha
Big difference
It was one of the most poorly covered zombie outbreaks in the history of mankind, but Soviets did their best to suppress it.
Sooner or later Serbia will join the EU.
Little Saturday = Mala Subotica
Well, that is quite an impressive amount of wealth considering what they do as companies.
We don't have classes in different languages, but learning German, French or English is mandatory
What are good neighbors for
Karfiol - karfiol
Oh, i'm not talking about the specific name for the rattlesnake, i'm talking about the name for the group in which rattlesnakes are in (vipers)
Are the tallest mountains just 15 or so blocks high
burek sa sirom, burek sa krumpirom, burek sa zeljem i pita od mesa
The Netherlands and their water complex :D
I've never heard someone hating turks over here
None of this would be necessary if shooting rubber bullets at illegal crossers was acceptable.
There are so many dialects in Croatia, and a lot of them that people from different regions wouldn't understand
If you want to create a quantifiable test that eliminates subjectivity, that's fine too
Ukraine can't ignore its own laws and turn a blind eye to a person who broke them.
Just don't mention it
and OFC
Here in Croatia we might actually have fewer deaths than last year if the current Corona mortality holds and tourist season traffic doesn't pick up
As I've linked in my other reply they do exist, [Euronet exists in Slovakia]
That's why it's very rare for someone who's not a Rep or Dem to win a seat.
That's what they got with an electoral collage.
Turnout was only 43% on the last referendum
This is why i protest to add the letters ģ,ļ and ń to the alphabet so it can truley be 100%
Everybody gangsta till Putin comes with Black belt
Man the video on the toplap should've been the one where the guy says "If my grandmother had wheels she would have been a bike"
In my opinion  U boj U boj by Ivan Zajc (iirc)
This is probably the most foreign-sounding thing I read on this subreddit
Here's the good part - **around 6000 tablets they bought didn't have cameras
I don't know why you are telling me this, I am just talking about my experience
Cras hendrerit viverra egestas
PIPL MAST TRAST AS
In a ceremony where the best army cadets received awards, he approached a female cadet and told her to take off her facemask so "that everyone could see her beautiful face" and added that she is "not only smart, but beautiful too" on live tv
The sea should be the one afraid [of the dutch]
I've lived there for a year when i was studying and i had enough
I am not against gay people in the slightest, don't get confused
Yes, I agree
Political opponents, "suspicious citizens", etc.
But seriously, who the fuck thought black numbers on a black background are easy to read
After that you have the Matura exam (only for gymnasiums and vocational schools that students attended in duration of 4 years
- Ljudevit Gaj (the creator of modern day Croatian grammar, invented our modern latin alphabet by adding the letters š, ž, č, ć, đ and others)
It is fine for a short summary
You are completely right about Franjo Tuđman and others like him
Wouldn't dogs be the most dangerous animals if we use that logic
Fine
* Osijek: the closest thing to a city Slavonija has
I would say Zagreb Cathedral, Diocletian's Palace in Split and the Arena in Pula
Fucking genius
Oh cmon it was a joke :(
It wasn't until the 60s that the majority of Austrians considered themselves non-Germans.
You must unscrew the pommel and throw it at him vigorously.
ovo stablo (this tree)-neutrum
I love how a certain nation's politicians keeping the interests of their nation above others is so frowned upon here.
I don't think we have them in Croatia but I really don't like the idea of those bases since I consider that Europe could defend itself if a EU army was created
I walked home alone at night many times and never had problems
[I completely forgot about that!
Phasellus interdum vulputate risus
Here private schools are a place smug, rich little bastards go.
Can you use both in school or is cyrillic mandatory
Scots replaced Jews as the stingy ones because Jews being the butt of the joke was a bit inappropriate after WWII.
Hungary: you're kinda mysterious to us, but you've actually contributed to our culture and economy throughout history (same with Austria, Italy and France, even Czech Republic/Bohemia to an extent)
First stereotype a Serb for example would have of Bulgarians is one of a "knife in the back".
Due to the incredibly **dangerous** situation, the specified countries now only offer guided armed vehicle sightseeing, so you have nothing to be paranoid about.
I would say Spain, based on some quick googling.
Italy: Francesca Michielin - L'amore esiste
If i had enough money that i dont need to worry about it for the rest of my life i'd probably move to mauritius or something like that
Well, you built roads, bridges and fountains in Dalmatia and you helped publish [the first newspaper in Croatian] (and Italian) which promoted our local language instead of trying to remove it (like other foreign rulers)
Usually rusophiles blow their load a bit deeper in the discussion when they're done with the denial and bargaining.
They could do that by just voicing an opinion on sanctions.
Zlato, sunce, bubu, ljubavi
Because they are a huge nation with a different way of life.
they have to **pay more** then just **giving them money**
I'm comparing treatment of issues, not the cartoon to reality.
And because of my previous point the whole "organic" point still stands - most of us do have access to foods which are found to be "organic" (localy grown) for little to no money, which is not the cases for the UK
Maybe it was a mix up 'cause American keyboard has y after t.
dobra
My best memories coming from the past decade I could easily thank to scouting
It's affecting local population big time and destroying famous landmarks
When going to a holiday to somewhere in the country:
Well doesn't seem especially socialist
It's like when you know someone called Sandra Brown
In that sense one can say we fixed their demographical problem, yes.
I think it could be renewed with both classical and new contemporary buildings to make use for all central governemt needs
I love how Trump is making me love my Europeans even more
Yugoslavia broke up, and so what, return to normal life like it was before Yugoslavia and that's it
I don't  watch football religiously
But do not despair, you just might be the one fullfiling their goal because shadow is but a passing thing, when the sun shines it will shine out the clerarer
What's wrong with vetting people that come from countries that are deemed dangerous by the NSA or w.e agency.
When I first heard the glass break I was so scared I thought someone broke into my house
Heck, even I didn't know it was from croatia until just a few weeks ago
Snow would surely long ago have melted
I really doubt anyone with an actual functioning brain believes this to be a sign of generosity and not just a simple propaganda picture
We also made up a lot of words for technical things while Serbian uses a lot of loan words from English, German
should've been this "Marriage is the partnership of two people which are capable of bearing children". And no that doesn't exclude infertile people or the like, but is simply meant to mean all legal acknowledgements of the relationship of a couple consisting of a man and a woman
I was wondering could these sanction trigger isolationism and help their industry grow in the meantime.
the father was called Draghici which is romanian name.
As if you would take an interest if you weren't exposed to that bs
Oliver Dragojević-Trag u Beskraju, Cesarica
Metastaze
Minister of finance used to be highly ranked Agrokor board member
I just never saw anyone wear them in real life.
And other folks mostly left them alone.
If she does anything other than going all out, that's on her, but her line seems to be "The British people went in to this with their eyes wide open and I'm giving them exactly what they voted for!"
not the most appealing countries to live in and many of them wouldnt feel like an upgrade from the present situation
This might be a far worse situation than even Ukraine, it won't just be a part that'll be occupied but the whole country will be possibly likely taken
Meteor, Corona and now earthquake
he first one was used by 19.century Ban Josip Jelačić when he rallied the troops he would say ZA DOM/FOR HOME and the soliders would say SPREMNI UMRIJETI/READY TO DIE
And if you would go about doing it by force that would be no different than fascism.
Didn't want to start a geopolitics discussion here, I know nobody's completely good or bad, it's even more difficult to guess when there were lots of factions, like in the whole Yugoslavia's War.
Happy birthday
I said since WW2, and I'm not fucking defending crimes that the croatian nazi regime did during WW2.
He was educating us on many things.
They were motives in art and literature a lot
Yeah exactly
big fan of ur football national team me and my cousins always cheer like u won world cup when u score goal or when match is draw and thats how i feel about micronations
I've experienced a few quakes but this was something else, motherfucker moved the *furniture*!
I know
And I don't think they'd be happy if you asked them to speak standard
You're talking as if Nevada became a nuclear test site and Utah being taken over by the feds and N.
I wouldn't necessarily legalize it for personal use, but as a future medical professional, the professor at our pharmacology class lecture stated that he supports a peer-reviewed study on the effects of cannabis on palliative treatment of pain in cancer patients with specific dosage regulated for maximum pain-relief effect, and I agree with that.
It isn’t really a place, but a state of mind.
So first of all you got the digits1 - jedan, 2 - dva, 3 - tri, 4 -četiri, 5 - pet, 6 - šest, 7 - sedam, 8 - osam, 9 - devet and 0 - nula
Split definitely would fall under the Balkan/ Southern Europe area but most of the population lives in Northern parts which are much more influenced by Austria and Hungary
[One and only ]
"Bolje ikad, nego nikad"
in the middle of the old town walls there's a statue depicting the medieval knight Orlando with the lakat engeaved at his feet
Some buildings were damaged in the town center, top of the church was destroyed and I heard a 15 year old boy died
Nothing to be salty about
Fundamentally, it is very simple.
I am giving you our football abilities
Ohh man, A je to and Krtek was the shit
Internet and phone works great since then and I didn't have any issues at all.
Austrians too
However I only started rapidly improving after I started using internet at around 12/13
The place and the museum looked a bit eerie from the street view
A very smart move welcomed by citizens
Zagabria
Also not many people (even from croatia) know about it
i think the post was more about tourists that come to russia or people learning russian that try their best to speak russian and make a lot of mistakes not the people who can only say "нет сука, да водка" or some shit
Dakle dijete dobije ospice, preživi i onda umre s 20 godina.
Seems ridicoulus
The subject itself is called 'Croatian language', you have it 8 years(elementary school) + 4 years(secondary school/gymnasium) and it's compulsory.
people never change
Gotta admit, it kinda does
(Eg hungary is stronger than uk)
I think it says a lot that Islam apologists have to go back centuries to find something progressive in a Muslim majority country.
Wasn't Macedonia invaded because they didn't side with the US and tried being "neutral"
Because that's exactly what i said
Are there any other brand to country mismatches you have had
Yes, that is correct
Wait till you learn about Croatian coast
Also a reason why there is some level of animosity towards Rijeka which is traditionally the most left wing city in Croatia probably
We are waiting for your complete rehabilitation of Draža Mihailović and Nedić, and then is our turn...
UK would do the same but they are already heading for shitstorm that potatoes vanishing would be just
Mrežnica's a river in central Croatia
etc
Jel utjehe nema u vodi
Sometimes I feel whenever we answer questions like these, we raise everything to another level
You are supposedly fighting for gay people while simultanouesly displaying the hate that the very gay people are opressed by; Judgemental, prejudicial hate towards a group of people, which in your case is the people of Croatia
In my hometown (Zagreb, Croatia) I could buy 3 cozy apartments, or two houses, or 2 normal apartments + 1 cozy house
So, now protests are to blame for the pandemic, last time I checked it was Obama
Also it has a lot of medical uses
You could have a private company with up to 10 workers
But we are also not very noticeable as foreigners as far as I can tell.
We don't want it
Reaction to 3
That mofo is super dangerous and inflicts lots of damage
It amazes me how few German/French/Italians heard of 'Allo 'Allo.
but universal incomes purpose should be to give people whos work was replaced by machines a means to live
" and "baszd meg, kurva anyád". I was actually supposed to go to Hungary twice this year, but unfortunately COVID happened :( It would've been fun
But that was after they suffered years of systematic defeats and every possible shortage war effort imposed upon the population.
Was or still is
Still not _nowhere near as much_ as Samsung and Huawei
Except in reality it will be also, "Does it offend me?"
Yup, my bad
We have sun and we have mountains just an hour away, we have 3 different climates, depending on what you prefer
You have a point hypotethicaly, but situation isn't analogous, you can't cherry pick elements that fit.
Krsko nuclear power plant in Slovenia is a joint venture project from Yugoslavia and both countries have 50% share of it.
When I say divide Spain is the only country where I can relate to that divide, it's almost like we are alternate universe, where far-right nationalists won in Spain, communist republicans won in Croatia/yugoslavia and every future aspect of politics will be shaped upon that divide
Its mostly popular on the coast while most people in the central Croatia never heard of it
Insane how many people you had last time.
Most of the Croatia's coat of arms is a red and white checkerboard.
-King Tomislav,first king of Kingdom od Croatia
They are two completely different letters
M4.8 earthquake near Split, Croatia
Like the fact that he will be free aged 53 isn't enough sad and unfair
I mean what the fuck was this
Charles II on the other hand
weird
I have not heard a dumber thing in this subreddit...
Hahah
HDR, shitty
In the beginning, there were five-year plans and planned production, but it was abandoned in the sixties
While breathing the fucking smog from cars the whole day
Century and Croats let them settle in their lands near Knin for safety and some stayed forever
His generals built roads, schools and the French published the first Croatian newspaper in Zadar (even though it was bilingual and in Italian as well)
Africa, in addition to all of the middle East.
were huge rednecks and also they armed plenty of criminals to fight for them, and whole nation followed them and commanded them
Glad to me that I found croatians in thread
Also, I understand Slav English better than native speakers
We had all of them at home and had a schedule for that day of which subjects we had (7-8 subjects per day) and carried books and notebooks for them that day to school
Iceland looks shocked
This shows how much you know about military tactics
He asked the age of a country, not a nation
When the smoking ban hit our country, some tv reporters found a surgeon on a smoking break in the hospital general area
-Ljudevit Gaj,Croatian language
Can you break it down for me please
Not to the point of adoring him, but thinking his positives overule his negatives
In Istrian (Chakavian) dialect there’s this joke:
"Overencumbered". As you might imagine, I saw it in a video game
Ah yes, very strong claimant for the yearly holocaust denial award in category "but communists commited massive crimes too".
The other half is trying to imagine a price high enough that would make them willingly live through even one more round of "I'm leaving and this time I mean it!"
You really think you'll get affected by a short wiff of someone's cigarette
Hell, sometimes it's hard to find someone who is even a 3rd gen native
Do you guys have shark fights
Yeah the castles - or old architecture in general - is basically variations of the same thing in what I've seen of Hungary, Czechia, Germany, Austria, Croatia.
Like a Swiss watch
I'd rather be called the Newly Reformed Holy Roman Empire of the German people and friends than be known as the USE.
People who don't vote, don't count.
It probably helps that people who are voting nowadays are now a lot more aware of all the bullshit fake russian bots who keep spreading false information to get people like Le Pen in power to weaken the west
- *Jebe mi se - I feel like fucking*
Samobor here, 15km away from Zagreb
Jakub ran to the local barn and jumped in the hay trying to escape
Meanwhile, UK is trying to become new Norway/Switzerland
[link]
You can't find a city which isn't close to the border but Karlovac is close to 2 borders which is easily occupied
[Back side]
Nj je isto dijalekt, mislim da nije u standardnom hrvatskom
I was there on a school trip
* 10^12 -> Bilijun
Well I have a really generic answer - Zagreb
Turkey is getting better by day by...''
She got bored of looking at Athens every day for hundreds of years and wanted a change of scenery so she went on holiday
30 Euro for slightly higher speeds in Croatia if you have the ability to get A1 fiber optic
Sauce
I'm in Zagreb, and we don't have them so many here
Just like [her] who is from the south
Fast food has been in Europe for awhile
* Zagreb: snobs who think they are better than everyone else
That's a nice way to protest it
It's a problem that has to be solved somehow
It would also be interesting to compare how many people are bikeowners in Amsterdam in comparison to Zagreb
Also, jebes hladetinu koj kurac
If it's just political, then fine.
tbh I think the Serbian one is more inspired, he winks when you hover over the pic.
The "checker board" has been Croatian coat of arms since the beginings
I think some people usually draw Croatia similar ro Nepal with teeth trying to eat Bosnia but it is a beatiful map anyway :D. Also maps without Iceland but we don't have to talk about that
Dalmatia: lazy apartment renters
These days in Croatia, young people and whole young families are moving away
Alps are stunning
Basil's Cathedral, whose architect was blinded by Ivan the Terrible so that he doesn't build anything as beautiful as that.
In Croatia we do have 'religious education' but it is strictly Catholic and curriculum is mandated by the Vatican
People say you can love Europe without loving the EU.
Not really, but supper frustrating
Why on Earth should anyone care now.
And yeah, the English are well known as among, if not the worst tourists in Croatia
Though calling someone an Ustaša or a "komunjara" isn't an insult that's used outside of political contexts
Dude yes they are haha
"Better sometime than never" self explanatory
I should pay Montenegro a visit someday.
It's kinda like saying America instead of "United States of America"
Here in coastal Croatia we say time the same way your Primorci do but in continental Croatia the same as continental Slovenia/Germany
Well then, fascism is alive and well in Canada, amirite]
- *Jebe mi se - I feel like fucking*
I would normally say it's failure of the British public school system except that that term, the Balkans, is a so very nebulous term that has less to do with geography, and more to do with politics
No source has anywhere that she's Scottish
They have the stockpiles, the logistical know how, the practical experience that every single other country lacks.
I would be if a good enough opportunity popped up
Tbh Yugoslavia isn't offensive, just looks weird with that Albanian dingle dangler
Kids can go buy cigarettes in stores easily, noone will do anything about it
It is full of drops so it sways them
Oh sweetie, you think UK will have a choice?
Whoever is writing the script for 2020 can kindly fuck off
It boggles the mind how much happened that was not written down, lost forever to us.
You wanted independence or dependence on another country?
Also, I don't speak but I can understand Slovenian, Macedonian, Bulgarian and other slavic languages if they are spoken slowly.
He got his credit tho in the end
Poland and Balkans had the longest tradition of hussars in Europe so I can see Napoleon saying something like give me 100000 hussars and I will conquer the world, which in the near future became a quote that ran throughout eastern Europe during Spring of Nations as a way to build up national pride
the only one i can think of is morski pas it means shark but littarly translates to sea dog
Don't have the timing on the map...
Yes, it does sound similar and we can understand each other, but saying that it's the same language is a bit of a stretch
Our history, position and unique balkan culture is something noone else in the world has
Gay couples cannot do that and thus they cannot have a marriage but a legal partnership requiring a new term, by my current logic
Meanwhile, *studeni*(*cold*; Czech and Belarusian January) is our November.
Can confirm
And all that in the biology class :)
/Idem u vodu
Dubrovnik and Split both have great historical sites with added bonus of Game of thrones locations.
Ask this question on /r/AskEurope.
I just hope this won’t result in a the wedge in society
Europe <3
But it does inply class a bit
Thank you Ireland and Germany for the jobs
Why are the towers not symetrical
I thought that's what elections are for
Unfortunately even though I dislike him in the end it is a decision of the Turkish nation one which should be respected after all he is supposed to do the best in the interest of his country.
I remember Paragon guild from wow was Finnish only guild and they were the top guild for few years
The Romanovs had every opportunity to realize they absolutely should not be in charge of anything, especially not a world power and ether abdicate or take on a mostly ceremonial role like their British cousins, but they instead clung to absolute power and used wars, first against Japan and then against the central powers to try and unify the country behind them.
Well you could also add to that the King of Yugoslavia's dictatorship
Same like last time they nuked someone
While i'm guessing people from slavonija or even zagreb wouldnt understand a word of proper istrian dialect
Most high schools also have second foreign language as a subject, depending on part of country it's mostly German or Italian, but can be French as well
they just argue the name, not the right to be recognized as a couple by the state.
Every year there's Home Alone on TV
As he had a bad toothache, he was smoking a cigarette thinking it would help him
I was actually thinking on ospice
you guys exist
(Who didn't hide is a donkey)
I can say for Bosnia, they will 100% kill you if you order burek with cheese.
Great, but this time executioners should spare his daughters.
In this day and age the creation of something like this is taking place
Domestic banks are constantly lobbying for regulations that give them advantages over foreign rivals.
In felis tellus, rhoncus id felis vitae, ultrices tristique lorem
I would have to learn a separate spelling of a name for every language I know
Most cities are hundreds of years old and have old cores, with enough investment each could be mini Prague or mini Budapest
what does Syria have to do with Bosnia, Serbia is literally surrounded, a Russian plane would need to pass NATO airspace.
(sorry)
Refund or not, I would try not to die in Germany if I visit.
This is honestly very grim situation, when overwhelming majority of European nations do not have even replacement level fertility rates, it is not a most stable foundation for the future of those nations.
As much as it's interesting it's also a bit sad at the moments
Abortion should only be legal if girl was raped or if someones life is on the line
That does not mean that America will become weak but that it will share world policeman role with others.
If only there's a way to redistribute the wealth
seljačina/seljober - augmentative of a villager (seljak), but with negative connotations
around 10000 grenades fired on the city, per day, for 87 straight days, and you're telling me it's not scorched earth tactics.
Is this because we're so close and friendly or because one side didn't agree to give the other side of the bar to another?
Illustration: only ONE company from my town produced 3,5 million pairs of shoes for the Russian market
Depends
The situation is CRAZY, it is a WAR ZONE in Western Europe.
Sure the borders keep moving through time
Changing his name to Milan Bandić, Camping outside of Zagrebački Holding and handing out lamb, opening a road (iirc) and even made a reddit account (it's ZelimBitiMilanBandic iirc)
Exactly that
They took the phrase; "Fight fire with fire" quite literally.
Ako ima Srba ovdje, сретно с тиме, остaни сигуран брате мој, подржавам вас :)
I don't think any human being with a brain is blaming Poland for extermination camps, people are much more likely saying the death camps were in poland, not that the Polish controlled them
Also I really like the culture and the atmosphere of the place
UK did it's own thing because it was never pro EU anyway.
While I know the literal translation is "per head", per capita doesn't have to mean "For each person" - it just means "Normalised to the population".
Generally we have standard french deck, italian [triestine] decks are popular in the coast while so called [hungarian] is used in the inland
Pretty sure Christopher Lee outwaynes the Wayne.
I'm not happy with what they teach kids in religion classes, I think the church should have no say in the education of our children, but it is what it is
American armed forces have something European militaries lack.
To quell the liberals and the intellectuals by separating them from the workers, because old Otto figured out that the average worker only really wanted a decent wage and some level of security and safety
If I have to live in a building I will search for commie ones
Not to mention that dealing with negative aspects of multiculturalism sucks out the oxygen from public discourse from other topics society needs to address
>Something awful along the same lines **would have happened** in 20th century Europe
Maybe its helping him hold those papers
However the argument may be for the languages, imo it is for the best we keep them seperated as they have been and still are developing under different circumstances
I think its me, sorry finland you sensitive fuckers
turkish jets seem to spend more times in foreign airspace than in their own
It was round looking country untill Otomans came
Croats and Serbs actually don't understand Slovenian that good.
5€. An intercity ticket for a 250 km trip is 15€.
Besides supermarkets are self service stores
The worst has to be a police officer who threw an elderly woman on the ground for jaywalking:
Croatia tried it when they came through the balkan route.
Well, they look light brown to me.
That's unbelievably ignorant and disrespectful
I really love Portuguese
German cars as well
Most of the time parents know each other as well from teacher-parent or kindergarten meetings
It would create borders that are simply not feasible in the long run, therefore war would be the only option left.
Quite a curious shithole considering its streets are, unlike those in France, still safe to walk at night
Unless you meant that people in Istria and Dalmatia are more likely to study Italian in school.
Well isn't that excellent
Although I have to say I haven't picked up much Hungarian apart from the basics such as "szia", "köszi", "sör", "nem beszélek magyarul, beszélsz angolul
Like yeah, we will protest, but 5 people will come out at max
Maybe the correct path for the US would be that each state comes up with their own universal healthcare, instead of waiting for the federal government to figure out how to deploy Sweden-like healthcare to some of their states which are equivalents of Croatia/Hungary/Bulgaria/etc
One thing more was the foreign policy, the namely non-aligned movement, which opened a big window for the companies to go on the world market and compete for the projects
Ustashe regime was backed by nazi germany and italy, chetniks officially by Allied powers but unoffiacially had Riotta's strategic and areal help and you had partisans backed by red army which in initial years couldn't help herself let alone partisans
Image is everything while below you your house burn's.
It doesnt mention any kind of supremacy or greatness, just natural beauty
Yeah I'm pretty sure the only way to possibly get a positive result in Eastern Europe is to ask something along the lines of "do you think LGBT people might be actual people?"
i even said that it's mainly serbian criminal culture connected with turbofolk, it's not the same situation here
Might be more interesting option than bus.
Spain is me after waking up for the next 8 hours
I got really confused when i came to zagreb to study, i ordered "zelje" salad thinking i'd get the green salad but got cabbage instead
I think that will be one of the most peaceful territory sell in the world.
Sed eu posuere elit
not a polygon but a clusterfuck
Other dark facts about Croatia are that eastern Croatia is literally dying slowly and noone is giving a shit
Hungary
Probably bad idea
So you could publish five papers in low ranking journals or you could go for one Immunity paper for example
I apologise for not replying directly to you, so I am c/p my reply to another comment in this thread:
Thanks for the recommendation, I‘ll make sure to check it out
1 kn maybe two gums or two plastic bags in the store
Benis :DDDDDD
940430
Those Slovenians, better than us in everything
Podravina and Zagreb, never heard of someone saying "špansko selo" in that sense
Fires in the south and floods in the far east.
Should burek with cheese be classified as a burek or a cheese pie (sirnica)
Zagreb and surrounding area
It is as it should be
Went to Brussels a month ago
My fatrher woke me up shouting that we all have to leave our house
If I'm wrong, maybe Brexiteers aren't all that crazy after all
It should have fallen apart sooner, it was too late when it did.
Yes, this must be some sort of precedent in world history
I WAS IN THE POOL
And crucially for your argument - aren't trying to get EU funds and use them to improve their country
We even have songs written entirely in satrovacki
It disgusts me hearing people talk about how great our Nazi collaborators were
No, they’re never shifted in Croatia
000
Definitely pc mostly because pirating console games is harder
Oh, people always talk about the Greek coast or Parthenon&co, and while those are definitely worth seeing, IMO Meteora wins by far.
Since people mention wasps, I'll mention hornets
Related to this, HSS just giving its whole state apparatus to the Ustaše in 1941
Cevapi are roasted minced meat "fingers" put in a lepinja (like a flat bread) often served with onions and ajvar
What gets me the most in regards to Croatia is the "but is it safe??"
(joke)
There is not a single argument against your claim.
First of all, what exactly are you disputing?
That could be true and my info could be wrong
I don't really think it's fair to say that Croatia is comparable to say Hungary or even Slovenia.
In Croatia, we usually say "halo?" or "molim?" (please?).
February 2008 they declared independence.
I'd buy guns as well if laws in my countries were not so strict that is why I envy americans for their 2nd amendment :( and when I read about EU wanting to ban guns entirely I just realise how little freedom we actually have and their laws only apply on law abiding citizens, it is a shame we have gave to fear and now see our fellow citizens as possible danger and thus rid them of possible rights.
The punk dudes were solid though
Even better than the "shrug bot"
Čvarci, Smoked bacon, Pig fat spread on bread an sprinkled with paprika, Kulen, Smoked sausages, Smoked ham
My reaction when the media I control says I only get 10% in polls and the election is in 3 months.
Also, while we're at it, while googling for cool names we found Ganja on the list of popular scandinavian names
People who are more educated are less likely to be manipulated by, for example, people who say vaccines are bad because the word of mouth is that they cause autism, when there are multiple studies which show that they do not.
In croatia ive never heard spanish used in this context
Speech 100
Amri was convicted of stealing a truck in Tunisia and of burning down a migrant center in Italy, his mother said.
If it's about integration according to the willingness of countries to participate (for whatever reason), then it looks fair...
I view Turks to Arabs the same way people everywhere in the world view Ukrainians to Serbians
I still cringe when I remember that horrible rubbish
︎ milijun (10^6 ) = million
Romeo and Juliet is 8th grade of elementary school
The Great Question that burns across all of The Balkans
I just farted
Two largest political parties are Hrvatska Demokratska Zajednica - HDZ (ruling party, moved from right wing to right wing-center recently) and SDP - Socijal demokratska partija (moderate left wing)
Stabile status quo or do you expect some infighting, bickering
ŽIVOT DAMO TRST NEDAMO
Nature is really charming
Huh, this is the first such map where someone gets it kinda-right.
The first few episodes are fine, but it gets very superficial and biased towards the end.
E.g. Ireland was the poor, uneducated and thus culturally backwards country for centuries
[Der Vorteil ist dass ich Songs auf Deutsch verstehen kann (ein bisschen NSFW)]
I know quite a lot of them
Not sure I completely understand the resolution, what does it exactly standardize
Wearinh a hat or a tshirt, or anything else, with the flag is seen as not so sofisticated
Then again, given Dalmacija is a tourist destination, maybe they're showing off their pride
But at least we got a great musical out of it
Because the vast majority become Americans culture-wise within a generation or two and are virtually indistinguishable from the rest of the population and don't speak the language of their parents/grandparents
There's pretty strong consensus among historians, especially credible ones, that Jesus was definitely a historic figure
And another fun fact, I'm pretty sure they gave Spy a parisian accent in the french dub, to kinda emphasise his snobishness
It's really not though
So that's how much support he and his...
If and when you manage to climb down from your high horse, I will be more than happy to rectify and fill some of the more obvious gaps in your knowledge
It's also called gothic revival architecture:
Again, if you wanna go down that path then you should ban everything that's bad for you, starting with obesity
Yeah undergrad sorry for not specifying
Why would we exclude Greece
Man, you can ask me anything, go ahead
Belgian boy in critical condition after parents left him on freezing balcony for 15 hours as 'punishment'
Lived in Karlovac before
Aleksi
Waffles are shitty sweets to me as well
There is also Most (Most nezavisnih lista) but I don't really understand what they are
[Krapina Neandethral Museum]
That might or might not be the best for me lol
You can have the biggest house in the neighbourhood but don't you dare to put a proper facade on it.
Time needed to form an offense.
"i" is pronounced similar to english "ee" and there's 2 of those in that word
The oldest son takes over his father's slava when he dies, but until then he doesn't have one even if he has his own family
Like a very tasty thing
It was just the western of three kingdoms, but Slavonia and Dalmatia were eliminated from the name and state symbols a century ago.
It all started with the death of a five-year-old last month due to eating Salmonella infected eggs( rest of the kids family was hospitalized and survived).
its finally summer here
Learn something new every day, eh?
Bah, I've seen him around, yes.
Italy set to nationalise the world's oldest bank, Banca Monte dei Pashci di Siena
What a great Christmas present
Svako selo svoj dijalekt/naglasak
And especially if you see a guy infront of it trying to get people to come inside
Just remember just because most Scots speak English, doesn't mean their English.
Yes, but it's a bit different here.
The first one is basic "asshole" and it should be "berzeuk".
I want to thank Serbia for those brief moments of cooperation when the pressure and stakes were highest
I mean not just Commodus, there has to be significant number of modern people whose ancestors are famous, considering a treatment of conquered women and some slavery related sexual practices.
So all of them
Thankfully it was built to counter earthquakes so there is no damage done to it
Woohoo, i can get to vienna in 4 hours
Here we use it "interchangeably", but the correct way to use it is "," for thousands separator, and "." for the decimal point
I would say rusyn
It's quite beautiful
" :D
Suspendisse non dapibus lacus
The new /r/croatia subreddit theme is just atrocious.
Or that only 44% of the Partizans were actually Serbs ...
DO NOT let them
Hahahahahaha
I excepted for Montenegro the fact that they were in war with Japan for about 100 years but this is also very interesting
Where do you think Serbs came trough to Croatia?
What is truth about Finland
So in my opinion, having this mentallity that "Croatia sucks" and I will be better treated for my work and my time in "Germany, Denmark
It's not democracy if people are actually eating other people?
That's not to say that Spanish is harder, it's a pretty easy language actually
[Mijat Tomić] fought against ottomans
For some it's a mark of pride
Sometimes we pay more for worse quality.
Ummm less touristic and Dubrovnik can’t really go in the same sentence
After that you have the Matura exam (only for gymnasiums and vocational schools that students attended in duration of 4 years
But a lot of it is dead because of Yugoslavia
The type of meal is called "gablec". Usually costs 25-35 kuna (3-5€) and it's something you can eat fast and get back to work with a full stomach
Here you need to pay TV license/tax (I don't know how to call that) if you own TV, radio, mobile phone or PC.
I know a lot of people do pay for graphics here and there for their programs, such as when we had a game module, but at the end we retain rights of our code and art assets aren't graded so I don't see a huge issue about it
With enough men of good faith, it will reach you already in this world!
Under facsism dozens of people were shot by italians here, under communism entire villages were shot or burned to death.
My wife and I used to go to a spa with saunas where most people wore just towels and some were naked
I won't start to assume we had some exceptional steel
I never heard of someone increasing their prices for tourists, what do you mean by that
So, I was basically untouchable in the company as lomg as I did my job
What you might hear and say in Zagreb may not be understood in Pula
Bottom really isn't nice place.
If I know as much as a guy, they share even more amongst themselves
Jutro means "morning" in Serbian and Croatian
Its not essential lol
American Democrat "far-left", that was funny.
If dictator isn't willing to accommodate requests finance a coup and install own dictator.
Also the oldest  national theatre is here in Osijek too
I think you forget the World Cup
The problem with europe is that all the "good" countries to live in have shitty weather
wait, Gervais is a proper name
South American countries, Japan, Korea
You are still fully benefiting from said ''services''.
Well the two of them drink beer obviously, three wine, one rakija and those few people left are underage.
Understandable however yes, and in my opinion very karmic.
North/West Europe doesn't have the exclusive copyright to everything good.
Mauris eget nibh porttitor, hendrerit nisl at, dictum enim
It was where Western culture originated and where it was reborn during the Renesanse
Stay based Poland
Well it was a country sooo
I watched the film when I was a kid
Nothing is quite as ugly as the Euro banknotes
Thanks, I do like my daily dose of butthurt.
We're just not interesting enough to various "holy crusaders" against the rotten west, or whatever their schtick is.
Well, you have 40 year olds saying they're 14, atleast that will force the imbecile immigration ministers and officers give up on identifying economic migrants as children of war.
But at the same time Davor Šuker could be Dado, there are no rules in choosing between the name or the surname, it just depends what the kids start using when you're young and that one usually sticks
even the one over zagreb had more casualties
You're joking, but you don't know just how close you are to the truth
Not to mention all the cheap cola + orange versions in Lidl, Aldi etc
Otherwise Europe is pretty safe.
Fuck I don't want to jump to conclusions but this really gives me that same sick feeling from Paris those years ago
While there is a lot of knowledge and talk about everything American, this is an American talking from his own point of view.
Idoli- Odbrana i Poslednji Dani
Yes, there are some local bakeries although very few - for instance on my way to work I have 1 local bakery and 4-5 Haferkamp's. I  haven't had too much time to explore as I've only been living there for a year or so, but from what I tried the local ones are quite good, but they are just not as easily accessible if you don't live close to one
I suppose it depends on how you look at it.
City I grew up has a couple of Venetian forts overlooking the cities from 15th and 16th century, and a Cathedral built in the same time period
Johnson forced her to take a political position and she took one
But no matter how much I like the EU I'll take no Holocaust, no cold war, no European cities leveled to the ground, no generations of young men slaughtered twice, any day of the week
Croatian unique language confirmed.
But I didn't think that's a very popular food in Croatia, I mostly relate it to going to Sljeme, and old people fighting over free beans when they cook it on squares or something
However, no attempts were made to free them, even though the locksmith who accompanied the police, René Michaux, said that he heard screams of children coming from inside the house
Older folk are mostly german/italian with some russian
Also, we don't see iPhone being good value for money
mmmm
>Most agree that the EU isn't worth losing Kosovo (or at least losing rights to Kosovo), it's too important to us culturally, historically and not to mention our people and cultural sights are in danger there so it's basically betrayal at that point
It begins, not with the birth of Christ, but with the Hijra, the day Muhammad "emigrated" from Mecca to Medina to set up his new social order.
Would this switch to 4 day work week imply that companies hire more workers, all of which work four days (in overlaping shifts) to keep their 5 day/week levels production or is the "new" day considered weekend and company shouldnt operate if its not necessary
For Luxembourg, my aunt works there but idk about other opinions
They need affirmation of their lifestyle, you are a hater if you do not!
will continue with my conquest tonight tho so hopefully the rest of her empire will fall as well to my immortal army
Austria lost a war, again, so they were ready to compromise with Hungary.
- *Boli me Briga - My worries hurt*
Some fine but lesser known museums are
Ožujko vs Karlovačko vs Pan  beer
I don't.
Fujoshi usually know about those things ;) but seriously, futanari is up there with *boku no pico* on WTF level
Power in the Republic of Croatia derives from the people and belongs to the people as a community of free and equal citizens
You should clarify that yo refer to the question.
Now imagine this is the mediteranian sea and you can swim in it w/o freezing to death
I would've gone blind and probably died as a kid
In general Croatian Wikipedia is quite bad
Why her
Our media doesn't seem to criticize any bigshot name from the EU in general
Since it is kinda poorer than the rest of the coutry it also gets a lot of simpathy and empathy by the rest of the country
She's also one of the biggest stars in Croatia and there is even a porn about her
I guess Croats don't even try to speak Slovenian?
It's not the rule, it's what I think should be the definition
But no, they defended the city for **87 days
I'd say it's the '40s and ustasa regime
The Caucasus chain divides Europe from Asia
Are American McDonald's really that bad
When the EU end comes, no matter whether that end comes in a year or a two hundred years, the borders will matter like they have over the entire human history.
Ok, though we still have this problem where even when someone pronounces it right, students still tend to write it wrong
True, but I think this number is still too low
These maps are really becoming a bit lame.
I'd say the golden age is the present for Romania
Arrogant stupidity always find a way.
Tbh, images from croatia are something like 8 years old at this point
Zagreb was first mentioned in 1094 when a diocese was founded.
As a person from a country where there's mandatory conscription of males, I think women should have mandatory conscription as well.
Fucking biblical, mate
Cities were more prone to epidemics and sack, city dwellers had less children than hinterland half barbarians, so with time population became more and more slavicizied and croatized.
I get to be (at least) bilingual with little to no effort - something I cannot say for the Brits
Longest fortification system in the world after the Chinese Great wall is in Ston
Radislav and Branislav also exist, we just need a Slavislav now :P
Once the autopsy confirmed that his death was caused by Salmonella inspections started going all over the place.
Lake Bled, Slovenia
Depends on part of country
P.S. I quit trying to make the last translation less creepy
Woa, woa
Considering how many weapons are buried in Croatia this would be fantastic, we could export to the whole world.
No, not at all
- King Tomislav (the first Croatian king)
Never thought a name of a Finnish city would come from a Slavic word
The Netherlands has had the know-how, resources, and infrastructure, to build nukes since the 60/70's.
What is our wind power potential?
As for the region, inland Dalmatia, because it's stuck in the middle ages
He Got out becouse a German needed someone to help around the house who spoke German
Then they will simply open the floodgates and immigrants will rush in EU.
" when making these assesments
It's pretty common around here to use reserve currency instead of official.
You have like 200 000 lakes, yet you think about how Russia has 1 000 000
My sister’s nickname was Vrtirepka, thats the words play of ‘spinning tail’ cause she was always jumping around, running, spinning and early twerking :D
What is truth about Finland
I was sure that I'm going to die
Yes, but we're not neighbouring countries
You are describing a rebellion during the conquest, this is nearly 500 years later, when basically everyone in the territory is already well past allied tribes.
I want to thank Bosnia and Herzegovina for their truly fine balkan music
**The Dutch are the tallest.** He used the length of 16-18 year olds to skewer the data.
an old female name
We have no long lasting friends :(
if I go to Bosnia and say "Burek sa sirom"
This map is bad, because 49% is red and 50% is green
Yes, the red menace is everywhere, we must be vigilant.
What about Eurythmics
I'm not sure for other countries but it was televised here in Croatia (with subtitles, we're not dubbing TV shows and movies, only cartoons).
Meanwhile, our mayor spent 4
Plus I can't imagine reading a book and having to read Čarls or Vilijem or Đon
N is for youre never sad
People who live in Istria and Dalmatia can understand Italian too.
How tf do you guys say tjeralica
Was there ever a government official of any country in this world that complained about bosnian imams sent to their country?
(Pula means dick in Romanian)
Mark's Church]
Half three like 2:30
This is clearly arson
hahahh
It kind of does look like that, yes, but it seemed easy to misconstruct, so I went with internal bleeding instead.
Croatian anthem is called "Our Beautiful" and it sings about how Croatia is beautiful and thats it
The industry of consumer goods and those goods had to fight on the market, for the client
Also once I saw a "Kosovo je Srbija" comment on a random American pastry Youtube video
Good point haha
Ne znam, ali stavljam to na watch listu
Why is Bulgaria also there, what does it represent
Thank God, Croatian is phonetically written, so we can always know how to pronounce or write down a word upon hearing it for the first time
• N je da nikad tužan nisi ti (U moru su sretni svi) - N is for never being sad (Everyone is happy in the sea)
Seems the further away you were from the Soviets and Ottomans the better things worked out
But no, Croatian majority doesn't have anything against Jews.
Unfortunately not anymore
yeah but orthodox and catholic.
Life is pretty good, except for the obvious problems like people, government and shit like that
But they did not keep the podium and debate format, instead they turned it into 1 on 1 extended interview with the candidate
It looked pretty sick you know
Mi ne volimo samo Ukrajinu mi volimo svu Slavensku Braću
Let's make it a century of rule, and the bureks are out
Communist Yugoslavia was 45 years old
It just shows they want more power and greed is following.
Continental Croatia as a whole
Croatia will be a colony of EU and will be swallowed up by the evilz.
They are mythical
You're probably on the right track, with the regulations and the can-do attitude.
This is the case in many comparable scenarios.
I expected something way worse.
However, the law about personal names says that you can have up to two words for each category
Most people are voting *against* and not *for* a certain party or candidate
I did not say that Bosnia did not exist before Otomans
Perhaps I was expecting something different
We’d also be eyeing the cute Irish and smirking at England knowing how we did during the World Cup
Siege of Vukovar is a modern tale of 300 Spartans
This appears to be the first instance of the video:
I was coming home from the city center and some spanish guys asked me where is Dražen Petrović Museum and Memorial center
You invented it, other nations play it
*innocent polandball, I promise
According to the article, those are not bigger, but literally the same problems you guys have
Divide by the clubs in the prem
Unpopular opinion: I'm saving my pitchforks until I see how the whole thing will work in practice, 2 years from now when it becomes law
Haha
If you look at population of those countries combined, it's rather lot of "onlys".
"Biti" means to be and to beat
I just from time to time get tax return and I have no idea why
I'm a big fan of those poor guys
I’m still trying to wrap my mind around this
" while I'm at the beach makes my eyes roll and I wanna punch someone
Especially the really long ones, no one has that
Yes, it exists and yes, it sounds like that, you don't have to like it
Plus, it would take away confusion with the Slovak flag
5 probably
Praesent bibendum mollis neque, a venenatis orci
In 1660s Croatian’ soldiers (mercs) went to fight for France
But of course you never did play France, which is strange given the hours upon hours spent analysing the inevitable UK v France final, the night before playing and losing against Croatia
Also, it is really easy to get a good grade and that automatically boosts your average
And a single wrong turn
Very true
He is not weak, just seriously damaged
Red-white-catholiban, basically a nothern version of ourselvs
That’s a very reasonable point to make, but I’m just a human
Similar thing here in Croatia as well.
Yes, č and ć are pronounced like "ch" - difference is that č is harder and ć softer, but it is often indistinguishable in conversation
Makes you wonder which one of your items will maybe one day be dug up by future archeologists
Idk why is it but my eyes teared up looking at this
Nice city too as I heard
men wear shorts that definitely couldn't fit them since the elementary school
You can't mispronounce a word and say "look, we say it like this". The correct way to pronounce the English given name Scott is [ˈskɑ:t], which is very different from a Serbian word skot, all I'm saying
Must be a diaspora thing because all 6 nations love to complain all the time
No thanks
poor idiots downvoted this
If you yawn without putting hand over your mouth - Close your mouth you'll swallow me
When you increase security you lower usability.
Ante Pavelić , fascist leader of the independent state of Croatia ,lead the Ustaše
Lol, why should it be my job to proove Russian propaganda?
I'd say your politicians randomly deciding to split the USSR was a way worse geopolitical tragedy for Russia than selling Alaska
You can't fix 1 thing by breaking 5 others
we share a ton of modern electricity with Serbia (Tesla)
My guess is we sometimes do very specific grammar errors when constructing sentences, which make sense if you translate them to one of the Slav languages but on English sound like incoherent mess
Jutro means "morning" in Serbian and Croatian
It's much closer than you think
You know that you are in trouble when your best choice is "not that horrible"
But they won't laugh no more
That guy saw the Matrix, plain and simple
Japan's debt is emitted in the currency they themselves control, which can't be said for any EU country because they share monetary policy with others who have conflicting interests.
Do contribute to society
+ that doesn't always help either - I've had a break in once
That's not really that much for such a large country.
I love how nothing changed for Croatia and Serbia, still next to eachother <3
lmao, I felt the same when I was there
Who knows
Kids learn those things
On the other hand I would feel ashamed to be a Russian puppet.
slavic languages
The same can be said about its neighbor Croatia.
don't do that
I would highly recommend you watch it, it's acutally kind of "deep".
A lot of medicine-related job titles are "borrowed" from Greek and Latin (stomatolog, pulmolog, oftalmolog, pedijatar, ...)
Azra-Balkan
Hungary ️
hahaha or that commercial for a car "from Berlin to Warsaw on one tank"
Yeah, but question is, when's the last time such a Scandinavian war happened?
(Made In China is another case of this.)
Well, sometimes you have to make some sacrifices.
-[mađarica] - judging by its name, it should originally be from Hungary, but I don't know if it really is
Of course ordering words completely differently in every sentence would be super weird
Most schools don't have swimming pools
Moscow, Russia
Chernobyl all over again
The Ottomans are satire tier overpowered in this game.
They haven't been testing 10,000 every day for long, just since the last few days
[You can make cow bells smaller]
I mean that could just be an excuse, I think it was just being a fucked up person.
When I say, used poppy, I mean, they made heroin and drugged their children
One is the slavic symbol for the gifting god, the other is a heraldic cross potent.
Begin to develop is not the same as being developed.
Nobody knows when actually but we're all celebrating his imaginary birthday which was a pagan celebration to begin with
I don't think that they killed more people.
A fucking coup in a country that is going to join NATO.
Italian on the coast and German probably inland
No Croatia
He was an architect, now retired so yeah, he's living the life
Romania is by far the most underrated country for tourism
Why do we have to be the only fucking retards in this thread that have to name a fucking nazi
Neither is Croatia and Slovenia but here we are
something rewarding at the end?
Also once I saw a "Kosovo je Srbija" comment on a random American pastry Youtube video
Well, I guess we need to annex Bosnia again.
British banks have multiple huge hurdles when it comes to passporting.
And its put a lot of strain on the economy, Germanys excess was 16 billion in 2014, now its at 6 billion, next year...
- *Boli me dupe - My butt hurts*
I'm about to go to one in an hour
At which point they skyrocketed and are now above the UK in basically every metric, from life expectancy to income which also reflects in a higher Human development index
You guys must have your hands full on halloween ?
AKA the date we decided Catalonia was more worth than Portugal.
It's a train set firmly in it's rails, giving the illusion of choice while in truth one may only pick between routes that were layed down long before.
Yeah but you can be middle class and still live in a concrete commie building, in the Ex-Yu commie blocks are a sign of quality ( big wide streets, lots of parks, comfy buildings
On the other hand, Croatian is definitely harder to learn for any foreigner than German
This was the council meeting, so Merkel is currently presiding it, since Germany has EU presidency for 6 months
Of Croatia
Croatian parents just dont fucking care XD
it looks more like reddit post than serius analysis.
He then offers an explanation that no WikiLeaks staff speak Russian.
2018 - 51%
What a coincidence the Sultan of Bengal met a similar fate in a crucial war.
Or give them one of those self driving cars
There are three groups of Slavs: **Eastern** (Russians, Belarussians, Ukrainians and Ruthenians), **Western** (Poles, Czechs, Slovaks, Sorbs) and **South** (Slovenians, Croats, Serbs, Bosniaks, Montenegrins, Macedonians and Bulgarians).
I took out the 5 million because it is on the Asian side of Istanbul and thus, not fitting my argument.
Honestly 'vasara' sounds like it'd fit right into our language
In my humble opinion, very great destination indeed, with interesting sights and tales to tell, but any destination could be only so much crowded to be enjoyable
A guy who didn't like "John Wick"? I'd say you dodged a bullet there
I am just a nationalist that believes that the EU and its current workings/activities are in the interest of my country.
I bet it was
Don't get me wrong, I am fully supporting you against them, but I am just wondering if the Russian minority is loud against such decisions or if they are more loyal to their "new"  homelands
Somehow buses just did not really appear whenever I was anywhere in the city ( ._.)
Firstly you are tallking about muslims like they dont already exist as a group in europe.
He only cares about himself and how much he can profit from this
And even if he actually bought repairs for the city, the spending was very mismanaged and insufficient for many people
It's 4€ a liter here, match that
Besides, Norwegian-Americans eating lutefisk for Christmas doesn't classify as keeping their identity in a noticeable way if they have zero other links to the culture
It was moved to Zagreb (yea, not Dubrovnik as many of my American friends would think)
3.All the remaining Croats moving out/dying of old age
Venice (only relevant to the coast)
Or give them one of those self driving cars
My sides are still trying to identify what is funny about your comment.
Deutsche Marks were pretty common here in Yugoslavia, much more so than dollars.
That, my dear coredditor, that is the arrogance we are talking about
mętь which comes from the same word as English mind.
Nope
I could really use some exercise
Yeah, it's off, by the website Spain should be contributing...
This is from "Online Data/Chapter 2", in the Excel it's "Figure 2.2 WHR 2017".
not much new problems, Ireland was ruined buy drug and drug lords from way before so this was just business as usual
And by that I obviously mean come closer to what I think is reasonable
I'm not saying all people have this "balkan mentality" but there is a lot of people like that
How boring will that be after few weeks
Too true
Yeah, shit's crazy with your slava
We had a [prime minister] who was born in Nazi labour camp in Germany
Here it is in 2 parts since it can not fit in one post.
Americans want to be Soviets now?
I mean i would lock my doors anyway if im going somewhere, even if just for 5 mins
You are probably working in the public sector yourself so you don’t give a damn where the money for your benefits comes from
People must trust us is invincible
Probably because unlike Croatia or Slovakia it mostly wasn't part of any Hungarian state
fun
I know, man, i'm just saying that the size doesnt matter that much, its the islands and isolation
The Brits, even though in lesser numbers and to a lesser extent, are similarly guilty of the same crime of assuming everyone lives/should live like them
[Draza was a collaborator]#Allied_support_shifts)
God has given us all the treasures in you,
I feel it's more foreign to me
A lot of European flags look better with emblems on them, including yours
I always thought you were like any other Slavs
Almost 32 years thats seriously depressing but not super suprising
So you'd say Czech is hard and Slovak is soft?
On this day 28 years ago, the fiercest battle Europe has seen since World War II ended with the fall of Vukovar
110212,14
I cant even enter my living room at day time without getting stung
>*I often dream of huge numb buildings*
I went to Japan and I have a friend living there.
keep playing till someone wants to stop or a teacher gets mad
The last non incumbent Republican to win the vote was Bush Senior in 1988.
Oh, Italia
She has cried a lot but has not been able to see her, just talk to her, from thousands of kilometers away
It's a comedy, but it tackles LGBT issues in Serbia
I'd say one of the poems ( Slap, Oblak, Voćka poslije kiše) by Dobriša Cesarić.
Btw, Croatia , as a result, was given two times more money for the period of 2021-2027, than 2013-2020
Perhaps I was expecting something different
The story about bomb being dropped through ceiling on a patient's bed
For about forever
Heh
So who can benefit the most from this ongoing escalation with Turkey..
it like how russians dont distinguish between č and ć
Most of my family (from my fathers side) live in Germany or America
No, conquests that happened just years before and were happening as the crusade was organized, or are you forgetting the brutal Muslim conquest of Anatolia by the nomadic Seljuks?
They only make it worse for both sides.
Simply disgusting
When was Banovina of Croatia reinstated?
If the walls are concrete, you can't open those doors with the pneumatic claws, since they won't bend
Serbs definitely have their own institute
Yes, he actually became quite good with the sarcasm and shitalk in recent years.
If Socialists like Conservatives more than FN, then it's the will of the people that Conservatives win.
This is Putin's KGB policy of smoke and mirrors at it's best.
Most of the old rules are present in every Slavic language in some form
Please
dude, i know
Nope
We just sort of know it
Hedervary was more extreme in this than Kossuth as far as I remember but if you want I can go look through my papers to see what exactly they did, or someone who knows the details can correct me
Only sadness, such commieblocks.
I know
Don't see how this would make the highway any safer
Leave Slovenia alone you evil tourist stealing peasant !
And I like the German approach.
Turks there too
We were just watching how our president was digging her own political grave.
It's surreal
The cat was black.'', in Croatian it would be ''I saw cat.
I can't remember the details at the moment but hungary, if I remember correctly, wanted Croatia to become hungary
It actually changed hands a lot, and often when England and Scotland were at war the declarations also had to clarify whose side Berwick was on at the time
It might rain if you’re lucky
Even with several different national backgrounds, from germany to italy and hungary to slavic names
Who the fuck thinks that in Europe, except perhaps some Turkish immigrants in Germany
Let me organize a dream vacation for you then, it's in my freezer
You don't really hear the difference in those names in everyday speach
"Good"
I mean it's kind of illogical to claim neige comes from snig, but snig doesn't, but instead comes from snoyg
000
I didn't have one
Now it's my favourite European country
I'm sorry dude, but you don't think its worth getting worked up over it, right
Significantly smaller, and significantly poorer than the capital
It is really interesting how number of people affected by the rows about Teran an Piran is so small that without media needing something to write about nobody would know that these disputes even exist, that's how little impact this entire thing has on everyday life here.
Why aren't you in Customs Union atleast
Not since terrorist attacks, their tourism got cut by half while there is increase in Southern European countries.
I'm always astounded how massive Malta's population is
She has not handeld this crissis effectively.
S I S U
Pretty sure right wing political parties complain about Islam
and Riječka krpica ("fiume blanket"), relations of Mađaroni (pro-Hungarian unionists) and Narodnjaci/Ilirci, later on the "new course" movement of 1903
Yep it's a major problem in Europe ATM, I agree.
Most of the EU has very little trade with the UK.
Being in a hurry makes oxygen brain not much and me brain kill
I wish the rest of Europe was as chill as Great Britain or Portugal
Thx for replies
Isn't it a rule that if a NATO member attacks another member that other NATO members defend the attacked member state, while the attacker is thrown out of NATO?
Life is long and you might decide on having children one day, you might not
For example, return flight to Greece with Aegean cost me around 200€ (give or take)
Biggest neandertal findings are in a place called Krapina
The only option UK and France had with Germany was war, and the only real way to stop Russians is war, difference is the disparity of power then and now, and existence of nuclear weapons
I've been to italy plenty of times, things dont change
The rest of the world doesn't exist
It was at a depth of 2
I'll give you fingerprinting, but all of South America has Vucetich's system of fingerprints classification
My dad knows a bit of English and always complains about its messy pronunciation
You miss understood me I'm from Croatia i just gave my opinion and chetniks were always bad even the partisans fought against them in in the war, there really are no fake chetniks.
Yes, some people wear tracksuits but they don't have to be adidas, all brands are equally represented.
Upvoted for good tower beerding skills
It's fun to hear it from a different perspective for a change, our old historiography traditionally puts all the blame on you ,victimizes Macedonians, tells that Bulgarians didn't want to fight in WW1 after they retook their land etc.
She eats children and lives in the woods
For the people who are against it, how do you feel about famous athletes getting the citizenship
That would all be above 60kn and would round up to a weird number
Belarus; I would like to see from first hand what's the situation in that country.
Ngl
Doesn't "ćuprija" mean "bridge"?
I think i'd communicate easier with a slovenian than a macedonian but it also varies from region to region
The Soviet Union created another 50 years or dictatorship and economic hardship while the US and the UK brought freedom, democracy and capitalism to Western Europe crating the most peaceful time in human history
We use *lako* for easy and simple.
Someone has to be from the two of us.
In most dialects yes
Wow that's cheaper than a lot of places in Croatia
For that one, the solider on the right is wearing a Chetnik hat.
You MUST know someone to get a shot at getting a job, going to a doctor any time soon, do any sort of paperwork
Live stream on Periscope:
I get to be (at least) bilingual with little to no effort - something I cannot say for the Brits
I'm not happy with what they teach kids in religion classes, I think the church should have no say in the education of our children, but it is what it is
Like yeah, we will protest, but 5 people will come out at max
I dont think so Spain can deploy troops faster and british military isnt what it used to be
English all the way
Really
Regarding Serbia I don't understand the people that support certain politicians that were active during and after the war in the 90ies (primarily Slobodan Milosevic)
2) If people were willing to live the same lifestyle as 60 years ago, they could work much less
The company is German, job position is a great one (fashion industry and clothing), colleagues are German and yet the same sh*t has been happening
Yeah all the time
Neat
Immigration is just one issue out of many Europe is facing, and I wouldn't even say it's the biggest one, it's high on the list that's for sure but it's not the only one.
We also use dots instead of commas
I only see them on the edges of towns and forests
The clouds cloaking the black mountain have cleared
You mean both Monten and Negrin
Hussars, saving Europe since 1683.
[Your big northern neighbor among them,]#In_other_countries) apparently :D
Heath must be right in front of his door, and thought, "welp now is as good time as any"
He's famous for fighting against Hungarian revolutionaries in 1848
That's an easy assertion to make, but in reality it's far more likely that without the EU Greece wouldn't have had a crash, because no one would have given them favorable loans in the first place and the overall standard of living would be climbing, but would also be lower than at lowest point during the crisis.
I’ve seen a few in Canada, pretty cool
Do you also spread jam/marmelade/nutella and such on them and then roll them or fold them?
>bullshit unjustified xenophobic twattery
We had a war just 20 years ago FFS.
This one is more industrial than usual, covers 3 different peoples
Same with beachy, sunny, hot places like Maldives, Fiji, Hawaii etc
It was boban or prosinečki actually
Those ideas you could find among so-called Western Marxists and some anarchists
(croatia)
I found it later on to be a stupid translation, probably though up by some older generations, that even people form the UK (where grammar schools are from) don't necessarily get due to their education system beigh wildly different
That’s not really:
Haha ok lol so "ende gut alles gut"
With that kind of money you can buy a 300-400 m2 house or at least 2 flats (80-100 m2)in 99% of locations in my town and surrounding area (urbanized centre and countryside with cca 200k people) with enough leftover money for a nice car
No, Yugoslavia broke apart almost 30 years ago
I feel I could get in a lot of trouble
We have it all calculated by the state (employers pay it)
Shit
Block 100
That's beside the point, the name Croatia is derived from the name of the people: Croat, Hrvat.
I WAS IN THE POOL
they like playing sports, usually decent in football but terrible in basketball
"Lažeš ko Srbin"- "You lie like a Serb"
Many people have quit from this company due to boss screaming at them, terrorizing them for small mistakes, having social hierarchy in the company, massive gossips and dramas, everyday crying by the female coleagues cause someone yelled at them
But, I am still happy to go back home for a while
Thank god everything is left in history now and we're not as bitter towards you as we were 150 years ago :)
Sportski clanci su svima portalima u kurcu
It's COVID and lot of people work from home (what percentage in poland is it, I don't know) but that's one reason probably why they did this
We have a couple of rebel/islamist groups fighting each other and a totalitarian regime.
Maybe we just hold USA to a higher standard, since our relation is much closer
Ugodnu vecer ti zelim
Zar se to ne zove Ludi Dan
If it wasn't for the title I would put my bet on those scenes being from Bosnia.
Click at 2:30 in the video, these are not kids but grown men.
They also caused 2 bloody wars in Bosnia and Croatia which was also one of the reasons for the quick Nato reaction in Kosovo.
The debt is also owed to mostly domestic creditors who would themselves be hurt if they tried to put too much pressure on government so there's more codependency there.
It's not like ousiders will want to settle there or residents accept eviction
Well yeah but Pewdiepie
They also had a special concentration camp for children in Sisak
uresu jedini od ove Dubrave,
No other US chains here
Pistols and old bolt rifles, and no support
Reddit is so quick and easy to jump to conclussions
Tko
I see a lot of nobly sacrificed karma in old threads...
>What if family isn’t my goal with my wife
We tend to speak standard in situations where you are unsure about other person or in official, formal situations
You can guess what country im talking about
People shop there but mostly buy brand names and local products
Thank you for the info
How is that not all over the world news
Gvozden and Dragomila I think
Odd to think of our clay as being quake-prone, even though Dubrovnik was basically leveled in 1667.
So we could say that WWII was domestic abuse
Fight me
Pretentious nerds: (eagerly awaiting to blurt out Fenno-Scandia)
No, they're not
There is no need to give those on the way false hope of a wellfare life in Germany, let them know that Germany is only for Germans and temporarily for those whose lives are in danger.
thats how I feel about EU and their censorship
For what I know people were killed mostly with cold weapons like knives, axes, hard objects and other shit like gas
A lot of Pizza and Kebab
Ekatarina Velika
Nope, the results for the summer haven't even come yet :P
In 1991 Croatia had 4
God dammit, now you've ruined it
Wouldn't the pineapple on pizza piss off Italians even more
Obviously, like everything that's millenia old, it's an estimate, so take it with a grain of salt
Would be cool to check out etruscans to the north as well and see what carthage was actually like
Other countries would have to start a war to get as much of a rise of people as Britain does.
That is interesting, however there is a major flaw in your argument.
We are afraid
I told her it was in Czechia
And why is there nothing about nuclear energy for croatia
Especially the coastal region and islands:
I basically just copied the title of the article
well, just two different regions.
You don't need to completely wipe out the enemy to make war cost prohibitive.
If Germany or France has a problem, the EU has a problem
Actually most pro-life people would support legislation that would place responsibility on the doctor.
I don't think that anyone would complain about a woman defending herself with pepper spray if it is really necessary.
Why would you say it's Serbian?
Thank you for explaining it to me
I'm just not sure if it's deliberate or not.
Seems to be increasing in crime recently
I mean it was way worse ~10 years ago
it took the commies months to reach the death toll the fascists took years
How is France different
There will be a full report when the vote ends
>(I should add that even some Danish people can’t tell written Danish and Norwegian apart, instead thinking it is just Danish with some grammar mistakes or typos
Of course not all of Croatia sees it that way this is what I think people might think
We have a story about 5 brothers and 2 sisters.
Here in Croatia we have a lot of snow in specific areas (the north and the mountains, mostly), but where I live (Istria in western Croatia) it snows maybe once a year
I mean it's kind of illogical to claim neige comes from snig, but snig doesn't, but instead comes from snoyg
And it goes on with the same sufixes (Trili-, Kvadrili- etc
Tbh I don't know and I'm from there
And what's the difference between Croats and Slovenes?
If you are talking about NW then yes, we all switch to standard
Croatia is 100% true
How the hell do you rhyme put and but
[It still impacts Poland a great deal to this very day
While George is more often George though some used the name Đuro which sounds kinda funny
Either cloning, people not dying anymore because of [technology] or we make a giant biomass womb that incubates Slavs and keeps pumping out youth.
I'd play the heck out of that lol
You have no way of knowing that
I can actually pronoumce the name of that village
It's exactly what the allies did as well.
When it comes to transport no other city is close
This is a government bailout
I see no way the Anglo-French alliance could have evaded the world war 2, or how they are at fault.
I was also surprised when some of her songs had 300+ million views on youtube
By that logic russia should have 50
This one is more correct(yours does not have Croatia in it therefore it is invalid);
Heard this about pretty much any Slavic country lol
I've seen enough of these around too :)
Commented with my friends how Austria is what Croatia should've been and Wien what Zagreb had a chance to become but never fullfilled that  expectations
A developed and rich society is where food is not just something you need to survive but you make something more out of it
We hold grudges for centuries, nah millennium
They were dethroned during the Independent State of Croatia(1941-1945), but since modern Croatia is not its legal successor, it technically makes the head of the Habsburg family a legitimate heir to the throne.
I could think of a few situations where that would come in handy...
Which through time ultimately lead to it's distorted name (Grad Zagreb)
Now do it again without the lens fuckery
Everyone hears those differences I wrote here
Honestly, it may be peaceful now, but I have a bad feeling Europe will go for round 3 of "World War".
He’s awesome
Breitbart Blacklisted by Germany's BMW and Deutsche Telekom
I don't like any country being criticized except USA xd
Your words are just cheap socialist populistic bull shit ppl like to hear
Thanks
000
This is because the system makes sense.
They could have placed their base in Romania, Bulgaria, Greece, Croatia or Bosnia at this time.
Ew, no
But that would make sense if there was a better Nutella on the shelves.
I really don't like hearing croatian when i go somewhere
Right now i feel like kosovo is huge ball and chain pulling you back
Yeah lets make a mess on public property because we're irked over something not being the way we want it, the main square while at it
What I meant is that, if you are "working class" in southern europe, localy grown high-quality food is actually quite easy to obtain, unlike in the UK (where I live now), where you have an abundance of cheap food but most of it is of disgusting quality
The problem is that then the following would happen:
Germans, here is a song to encourage your spirit to fight for your forests!
Well it was one of the better empires Bosnia was in
like we don't have enough problems on our own
I don’t think anyone would even notice you’re alone in Croatia, people generally don’t care about that
how do you use đ in a unique way
Coca
Čekič. Check-itch
Chayenne because it's a biggest rodeo, 3 states that make up Yellowstone so naruelly I heard about these and know their capitals
So, Kemalism is de facto dead
If it's of any value to you, I met plenty of Germans who spoke very good Croatian (B2 level), so if those Germanic-speaking folks that are notorious for being bad at foreign languages can pull it off, I've no shred of a doubt you can do it too
In winter it can get very depressing.
My dad calls me "bebo" (kinda like "little baby") and žabo (frog)
We also had a 5 HRK note, but that didn't last long
A jebem mu mater ja samo zelim sadit krumpire u miru
Went to Brussels a month ago
Alaska, I would've said russia or ukraine but I see them quite often
Fighting in 1848 to get rid of Hungarian domination just to be returned to it in 1868
No, that's probably because you're an island and you're not surrounded by the so-called 3rd countries.
Dysfunction in the Balkans:Can the Post-Yugoslav Settlement Survive?
Oh our economy hasn't just stagnated, our GDP per capita is literally lower now than it was in the middle 80s.
We both know that it happened, and that the Nurenberg trials (both the trials and the charters) were politically motivated.
Miklós IV Zrínyi holding out against the Ottomans at the siege of Szigetvár long enough for Suleiman to die of old age
True, but whenever I feel sad I remember the US and everything seems better
Do you really use it in everyday speech
Also Italy seems to be pretty on top of testing now
Just watching [Hidden Figures] so I'm fresh from that scene where [Kevin Costner goes mad about Yuri's flight] Ha, ha
Some people will chat you up every time they see you, it's also not uncommon for neighbors to befriend each other and hang out in front of the building almost every day, sometimes they eat and drink too (though that's mostly men, women will sometimes join in or just invite each other over for coffee)
So just gun him down in a foreign country ?
Brexit is to the benefit of nobody and yet here we are.
Since we grow olives here the split is almost 50-50
Very popular among younger people
I woke up to my room violently shaking and everything falling down around me
When I first heard the glass break I was so scared I thought someone broke into my house
I froze in my bed, I was scared shitless
simple, traditional and primitive
"(He) walks like he's won the world", means arrogantly walking around
Expecting people to be informed and educated is literally nazism.
How are the Hard Brexit Tories going to argue that it's better to remain?
Considering the wars that have made this area quite popular, I am also quite scared of army drafts as well lol
Signorina was actually lent into Croatian (in Dalmatia) with the same meaning and it's still used among older population just meaning Miss, younger woman, when refering to a stranger
Pretty sure that's not exclusive to germany
Rest of slavic countries
The story (one of them, but the most popular) how my hometown, Zagreb, got it's name goes something like this
You can see how this can be a point of different believes and views
If that's how it's being done and no corners get cut, there should be no problem.
Also got beaten up a lot that is why I did not like it
Croatia: Project Velebit Joins Battle To Drive Out Ghost Of Communism From Constitution
Yeah, you made it, good for you
, today not even sure the same unit exists.
The cathedral is a symbol of the city, keep your religious beliefs out of this
To them it has all originated there
The Allies had more of everything and we're ready for war.
Megoslav
Then they put in new [Constitution from 1974] that the decision about secession needs to be unanimous
Not in a million years
From your link
In Croatia we do pranks when we can and want
Hladna pića* - cold beverage in Serbo-Croatian but hungry pussy in Czech and Slovak
Meanwhile, in Croatia some people were against the removal of the square of Josip Broz Tito
Without any knowledge in finnish to me Rauma dialect just sounds regulsr finnish
> Second, I guess my lesbian parents count as married in your eyes, and that’s nice
In croatian:
One of our cities um
>*Their appearance so sudden*
It was not done then, but it is being enforced now, and it is heavy, now most will not be doing kolinje this year and will have to resort to buying in stores the neccessary meat and etc
Because it's industry is labor intensive and can thus sell labor at an artificially low cost.
This is a bit confusing
I will slavic brother
Controversial because of their collaboration with smaller far left parties
>Cyprus is Greece too
Scandinavia should be his giant penis
Jok, nisam s obale
Yup a 29 year old guy jumped in front of a train a few days ago in my village, no saving from that.
i actually really like belgrade except the traffic
BUT, Budapest metro was first on the continent as in mainland Europe.
We're also pretty sure he was born in Galilee, he was baptized by John the Baptist, was a preacher with a large following, and was crucified under Pontius Pilate
Some economic co-operation, but also lots of tourists coming from both countries, especially Koreans coming to Zagreb I'd say.
The best thing you can to is to simply ignore them.
Most new members had similarly long waiting periods.
Somehow I doubt this data, as a Croat
It even ended as best of reddit [thread]
Montenegrin, Russian and French anthems are among my favourites
Gotta check it out
But didn't the famous scientist Nikos Teslapoulos prove that we're all actually Greek
Finding proper ATMs and checking the exchange rate takes 5 minutes tops
Also, you built his monument in Trieste and our government isnt too happy about it
but this submission has been removed because it is low quality
Less than 1 imo
Agreed, except I'd also allow for 'i' and 'e' to be used instead of 'ije' in Standard.
People will say rakija, but imo the "most Croatian" liquor would be [Pelinkovac] It's known in other countries of the region as well, but it's nowhere near as popular
I always wanted to go to Balaton.
I get you, but most of you are rich enough to travel and enjoy other countries and their nature
As opposed to nationalistic people who are totally not insecure and trying to claim their countrymen's achievements as their own somehow?
Yup, my bad
It's like that microsoft joke - it's micro and soft :P
Fight vs corruption, don't stop or stumble.
In Croatia we say "ptičica" which means "little bird"
same shit happened in RI with The Station, there was even a compression that said that normal (flammable) sound isolation costs 2500$ to cover the whole club
with a degree in social work specialising in multicultural social work.
Well I feel no connection to Austria more Hungary especially here in Slavonia yes they were jack-asses and are sometimes now too but here we have a strong connection with them
And coffee, for some reason I have this idea that you brought the vital sanity liquid to the Balkans a couple of centuries ago.
Mum was really freaked out, and we have been locking the door since then
not looking at subreddit I wondered how is there so much snow on the atlantic coast of georgia
Usually there are three lightning bolts of some sort, mostly in the special forces insignia.
Nope, I did watch the ''interview'' with Kolinda, which was quite funny.
that's why it's so funny and that's why i asked in the first place :D
Some got them from serving in the military, some for licesend hunting etc but in most cases they are not used to hurt another civilian
I don't have much knowledge on the subject of Rijekese (?) autonomy
︎bilijarda (10^15 ) = Quadrillion
The new generation really does look impressive.
People eat frog legs in parts of Croatia too
Modern Turks are Caucasian though.
I know a number of Nazi officials did criticise Ustashe for their brutality consequently doing opposite of what they were intended to (pacify the region)
Cats personally, 100%. Though I like dogs too, but I'm kinda scared of some of them and in my opinion cats are just much cuter
Austria is mostly there through the relations of Croatian politicians with the Habsburg dynasty, and their constant blocking of unification of Croatia-Slavonia and Dalmatia
We did read some songs in both Croatian and it's original language.
No I have only heard Serbs say Croats are really Catholic Serbs.
Truth is just the opposite
Turkey could face economic sanctions?
Based Nordics
We can make one cup last for hours.
This is impenetrable even by modern standards
I thought "Kamatarka" was pretty common throughout the country.
I'm not saying Putin said it in that way, I'm saying there's a difference.
UK, the land of Brexit and the pedophiles
It's the definition of a Phyrric victory
" "Drop the fake American accent you commie bitch" "are you here as a mail order bride or something
Well I'm not touched because I'm convinced it's all rebuildable and restorable
Eastern Europe didn't have that process, one day homosexuality is a taboo, next day it's supposed to be normal and accepted just like that.
You can't however send tons of civilians into a unstable country.
Don't stop there - anything less than 50% tax on anybody richer is outright theft from the proletariat
They still retain high fertility rates.
Don't know about Russians, but there are more than plenty violent ANTIFA types here who think they're fighting the power by spreading false information.
For an example: A Candle is spelled properly "SvIJEća", but people can make a mistake and spell it "SvJEća" - without the "i". To me personally that us EXTREMELY easy and I can hear the difference and have always spelled those words properly, but many do not
I froze
Didn't work out the last time it was tried.
pat - stalemate;
They were bros, Italy abandoned them.
It is last in the EU
But you do understand that Europe isn't like "whooops they get right past our borders, lets do nothing about it", these people are organized and transported to germoney by multiple countries all cooperating with each other, we aren't trying to stop them at all, we are helping them get here.
-Birch water (I can only find it in one foreign store here, it says it's from Belarus)
It's probably the same in Croatia
Correct
Only thing is we're not in the Schengen area so we have to have ID cards to cross but it doesn't take long
Of all the European countries he, as an Islamic terrorist, pickes Poland lmao
They come directly after Montenegro as far as I know.
Luxurious places are also added here, but anything will do
Secularity is only a sentence in the Constitution
Wow, this surely must be the end of Lukashenko
I honestly think that if they still had conscription and the general population had to send their children in the army overseas American top brass wouldn't dare to do half of the shit they feel comfortable doing these days
friends and I are planing either Rome, Sicily (because I'm a huge fan of Andrea Camilleri) or Moscow-Sankt-Peterburg
The city of Rijeka uses a bus to prevent a potential truck attack during a carnival
I am more concerned about his most recent comments on the EU:
But I'll still dislike it
Some of them even had her life path/biography.
But still being the first to come to see if they're OK after wiping out
Regardless of which color you are, you're messing up that neat straight iron line!
when the whole revolution happened
We wanted to be like big brother germany so bad !
Had to carry our books for that day (had a schedule) and bring them back home with us as well
The Soviet Union created another 50 years or dictatorship and economic hardship while the US and the UK brought freedom, democracy and capitalism to Western Europe crating the most peaceful time in human history
If that little tool (:p) you posted is used for woodwork (I've no idea honestly), then it is the same.
The "izviđači" were much much more popular during Yugoslavia and a day rarely goes by without my dear mother telling me how awesome it was
Do you mean whats used in hide and seek game
We have a lot of people dumpster diving
Egypt and Mesopotamia, for like two weeks each, Indus Valley, China and Mesoamerica each for about an hour, and then the rest of the 1st year is spent on the Greeks (Persians too, briefly), and Romans, plus a little bit about Carthage, the Celts, Germanics etc
More land for Serbia, that's why
Called am Lara
Did the same thing in Australia a while back
When in role of a president (the strongest position in the game), most people become cocky and arrogant, and start feeling strongly privileged.
Those who rebelled were in fact "the bad guys". Almost in every sense of the word
I mean Serbian, Croatian and Bosnian are the same,so not much
Like, ever :D
To me, as a native, they sound different and you definitely know where does someone come from when they start to speak
We had a semi-feudal system or call it what you will until WW1, which had all the worst of communism and capitalism brought together.
let's think of it more like a prophecy
Well dubrovnik already sank once why not do it again
Praesent ultricies pretium quam in viverra
Seems like Putin is getting a bit worried about what is happening in Belarus and doesn't want his people getting any crazy ideas
TIL African Union is a *thing*.
The last I heard of it was some report by the government that promised we'll be finally done clearing them up by 2019 (I take that with a grain of salt, because it's our government - they get lost in spacetime).
I just watched a lot of english channels on TV like Cartoon Network, Boomerang, Nickelodeon(spongebob mostly) and youtube when I first discovered it
It's not ALL I want
Well you never know, and I said it more as a joke but since Orban is now almost a dictator you can expect anything
Controversial because of their collaboration with smaller far left parties
So no sodas, no greasy food, no salt, etc
Those details are just crazy
What
Smaller are put in the mailbox, but big ones are ither signed and delivered in person or, more often nowadays since deliveries increased by a lot, the post worker brings a slip saying your package is at local post office
Its gonna be snowing in a few days too
Junior partner demanded that said minister (from senior partner of coalition) should be removed from the government
"When are you getting married" is a pretty common question lol
Just like [her] who is from the south
Once upon a time, there were tribes humping about Europe.
Ahh good old fashioned Western xenophobia
In my hometown (Zagreb, Croatia) I could buy 3 cozy apartments, or two houses, or 2 normal apartments + 1 cozy house
Thenn after a while he helped him escape back to Croatia where he fought in the partisans
idk maybe this can help you bro
What was the reason for the total total nuclear annihilation of France again ?
Just give them the same status as Bavaria and you good
Or Pankrti
It's kind of traditional opportunism of the presidents and other politicians to promote Croatian products when possible, so this was kind of political faux pass on Grabar-Kitarović's part, probably wouldn't get so much media attention if said chocolates were Polish or Czech.
Zagreb: The capital, the place where a quarter of the population and a third of the country's wealth is located
Yeah, it's a good beer
The word "Prede" for it is the same in croatian
I remember that chaos
My part has đmuch bigger school and 6 kindergartens, 4 city owned and 2 private ones
People want to feel pride and take credit for what their, or more realistically, other people's ancestors did, but at the same time want no share in the blame.
Varför en brygga, är det inte redan en bro?
if I go to Bosnia and say "Burek sa sirom"
However, I would propose the baroque city of Karlovac to be new capital of Croatia
It was such a great cartoon, I remember getting super sad when his home got flooded.
) Is for some unknown reason on the other hand and noth close to the middle finger like usual
No single letter names
We could switch tomorrow and no one would bat an eye.
what i would like to do to one of them
9 than 4
It was supposed to be y, I think at least.
I mean, both statistically and chronically, alcohol is worse for your body than marijuana.
I liked Austro Hungarian empire myself, i think it was pretty cool
Tbh I only learned to read cyrillic so I can read comments from youtube accounts with names and pictures of war criminals
Also: “Up up up up”
I fucking hate that man
Hedervary was more extreme in this than Kossuth as far as I remember but if you want I can go look through my papers to see what exactly they did, or someone who knows the details can correct me
Mostly Bosnia followed by Montenegro
When Perun found out, he started chasing him and after a while Klek became exhausted and had to stop.
“O beautiful, o beloved, o sweet freedom,
Yes, it was bought and continued working after being privatized and downsized, but it doesnt really count
Neither
:D I'd love to hear opinions of Dalmacija natives here
It's insane that still to this day they're denying the things they did and that some outside people actually believe them, even my country's shit corrupt government didn't deny the horrible crap NDH did in WW2
You need to learn the rules of any language's spelling
pat - stalemate;
ne mogu bit plata tvôj čistoj lipoti
anyone else think he built a bridge in the background
Except when it comes to place and people names
I didnt go when it was summer to avoid tourists
The government has not stopped meddling in the affairs of public TV broadcaster HRT, and HRT’s management continues to sue employees who have complained about this problem, and has gone so far as to bring a complaint against the Association of Croatian Journalists
Belarussian one is really low effort
Yeah all the time
Onomichi is a city I remember from Kamichu
Serbo-Croatian was active during Yugoslavia (and short time before).
Morbi lectus dolor, luctus vel turpis ut, fringilla mollis elit
[That one] was result of meltdown in coalition that started with an affair about transparency surrounding sale of our national oil company to Hungarian MOL
Слава Україні and love from Croatia
O7 everyone's a hero O7
Only UKIP lawmaker in British Parliament quits anti-EU party
Pretty sure all of the European countries accept refugees
Very cool
Should they just cut out the middle man and bring back a land requirement?
The most common judgement would be Orthodox communist
I mean I imagine it would be strange to hear someone try to speak like a local and it would probably just be best to speak how they normaly speak unless people are having a hard time understanding them
Even today, 50 years later, being an atheist isn’t really a big deal
What lies the truth is that EU is a failure that sees national governments as an obstacle, sorry but i for one don't see myself having much in common with a Frenchman or someone from Sweden we have a lot of diversity and this grouping Europeans as being all the same Is wrong and the last thing we need is Arabs coming here.
> “However the Ustashe never received massive support from ordinary Croats
I find this scenario very plausible
Belgium didn't colonize the Congo Free State for fuck sake though
A few historians of the time are considered credible, including Thallos, Josephus and Tacitus
In Croatian you are supposed to have space as the thousands separator (but only 10 000 and above, 9999 would not have a space) and comma as the decimal
Russia: one of them is not like the other
Men
I never went back there anymore
This flavor of a terrorist is not in contact with others of his ilk and thus he slips under the radar.
I just wanted to add some more to the list
Da granica sa Srbijom i Baranja, zapadna Slavonija i Banija, Kordun i Lika, ali u Lici,Baniji i Kordunu živi jako malo ljudi
I would know to point 4/5ths of all states, New england being the problem except Vermont and Massachusetts,I know their shape
Forgot about Scotland, yes and SNP.
Had a lot of fun looking at it
Arabs are Semitic, not Caucasian.
Croatia
Truth be told, we don't know if there was any group that called itself Bosnians back in 814.
In elementary school, there's'  no alternative to it but in high school, you must choose between something called Ethics and 'Religious education'
Thing is, the flags I've seen tended to be from countries that are generally underrepresented on Reddit.
Similar language is also a big factor.
Would you really be surprised to get an MI after that?
Hehe, šmigus dingus
Some other barracks as well, but Varaždin was the biggest catch.
Also, of course, this has a really bad impact on the economy
But that works for all of Dinaric Alps?
2019 - 44%
We invented the tie about 200 years before the Napoleonic wars.
Sure, but not when it comes from the bottom.
What year is this
People are similar, they speak similar (a lot of people in Rijeka have adopted parts of Zagreb slang as well northern dialectal words and the pronunciation, to some extent, this would be unimaginable in Split)
I don't think it's that frowned upon
the jelly grows cause you're multilingual.
In few years we won't actually have enough doctors and will have to import them from god knows where.
Isn't that, like, in yugoslavia
Germans have a shitload of small factories that produce finished products.
The problem is, it takes 2 hours.
My point is that the USSR could have fought to keep the Baltics ( especially since there are many ethnic Russians there ) yet they became independent without major fighting, unlike Croatia.
I've never been there but people say that girls from Novi Sad are something else
> It‘s a protest concert and you can watch it here
Jebati se
Funny you got downvotes for admitting your mistake.
This guy does this all the time.
784
Worst timing ever really, we just changed our tires to summer ones and then woke up next morning with a snow storm
Shame on you, Andrzej, for being silent
I love our little bro, Slovenia
Especially if I had a daughter, because of the status women have in that society
Is gibraltar strait still open
Krvava Kuna (Bloody Kuna [Croatian currency]): we would take a coin and spin it on the table
I don't think there are many racists/xenophobes/idiots in Europe as much as there are in America, for now.
But I wont beacuse I am familiar with situation in Croatia, but not in Serbia.
Well, the entire "greater Hungary" stuff is not really sitting too well here, and we still haven't forgotten about Khuen-Héderváry Károly, but TBH we got far bigger and more recent grievances with most of our other neighbors, so we're cool :)
But no, they defended the city for **87 days
Are you a fanboy of our NT
Appatently it's Gornje Mrzlo Polje Mrežničko, which means Upper Cold Mrežnica Field
We actually did improve a lot regarding corruption (we jailed our ex prime minister, and quite a few of ministers and state secretaries).
if I were to try anything, I would try weed and not things like cocaine, which cause an addiction.
You just threw me into a rabbit hole I was not prepared for with that website.
All I can see is them holes and I wonder if some people have windows/balconies on that side
Czech Republic: Hugging a girl I really like
I like how he's super-uncomfortable for nationalists who more than often strongly refer to their catholic roots.
Can someone explain me why is Breivik allowed to live in a 3-room cell with television, PC and gym
I only speak Croatian and English and I know that that isn't enough
I think I read somewhere that if you throw gum on the floor and police catches you, you're sentenced to clean the streets.
It's the word *uhljeb*, first time used on an [ultras transparent] in a football game back in 2008
Fuck off finland you weirdo
Hospitals in Zagreb:
because western europe more or less thinks that eastern european history/news are non-existing
I don't want my son living in hell 50 years from now
Yeah, that's a no from me buddy.
It's just that Poles are very numerous.
Not surprising, not sure who in their right mind would consider The UK,Russia and USA atm
Heard it's a thing in japan, japan is a very clean country so eating while walking is seen like you're messy
[Austrians looking at this map.]
Like [this one] for example
She also said blatantly false things, but I honestly just gave up on correcting her
>local distillery and storage incapaciating the troops
In Croatia, I am used to pretty much everything being open from 8 to 20 on week days, with shops and stores working entire saturdays and even sundays for most of the time
True
What's worse is that people make fun of them and degrade them, insult them which in turn makes them hunker down on their beliefs, makes them blind to their ideology and makes them hostile to the rest of the community
Other example, due to outbreak of African swine fever, heavy regulations regarding the slaughter of pigs that is incoming soon with Kolinje in Slavonia, Kolinje is a tradition whereby when winter is coming, we  slaughter pigs, then in traditional kolinje every part of the pig is used and preserved through some way, fat is cooked and stored for further use, we make čvarci, smoke different types of foods, even pigs insides are used, their intestines are cleaned out and then minced meat is filled inside of it with seasonings to prepare for smoking sausages, hooves are cooked and readied as Hladetina for consupmtion during winter and etc
What exactly got resolved
Very loud and unpleasant minority
Ović and ević is two suffixes I think, where usually slavic patronymics with ov and ev got a south slavic addition
I’m from Istra
In its latest test, the Trident missile misfired.
revolution, Croatian-Hungarian settlement of 1868
In the Croatian dubbed version, Shrek has a Dalmatian accent, Donkey has a Northern/Zagreb accent and uses a lot of slang words, Fiona and her parents speak the perfect standard Croatian language, while sometimes Fiona uses a few words that are frequent in Zagreb
Will people say “you know, the last 10 marches didn’t convince me but this one will
Enforce your goddamn borders ffs.
sunce (the sun) is neuter, but iirc the modern word is a diminutive of the originally feminine one
Good old Canth would be so proud" :D
I saw a post from another girl from my elementary who said this was a sign of God for closing the church
Each letter sounds the same, no matter the word or letter placement
Unfortunately, like most other languages, we don't have officially accepted contractions as English does, I guess.
Finnish lawyers not real either, yo.
Just (the name of the ten) + i (and in Serbo-Croatian) + (digit)
I'll list them here with links to the song i like the most of them
They got around, the mofos, bringing "peace" to people like Nigel does.
Thanks for clarification
Yeah
Ukraine would like to have a word with you
My father served in the Croatian War of Independence (1991-1996) but also never saw combat
Our borders apparently do meet at some narrow places in the northern Adriatic sea where there are no International waters.
And better hope nobody calls the phone and your mom answering because your connection goes down immediately
Ah yes, if it's Russian, it must have a star
Slovenia, Croatia, Serbia, BaH, Montenegro and Macedonia all in Croatia
I would say that american healthcare is under bigger political influence because people make huge money out of it and there political parties are divided on this subject
Oh my God, lucky you
I am very proud of our country today and to me personally first white or first red does not matter
Horvatia
I know capitals of around half of all states, New England again being a problem, Pennysylvania, North and South Carolina, North and South Dakota, Wisconsin, Oregon and Washington state, I never bothered to learn their capitals nor I had a chance to hear about them
Whats the story behind the printer/handcuffs
Also, I would really like it
Also:
I actually support this mindset wholeheartedly.
I don't understand how precisely the first thing cancels out the second one, however almost every time US has invaded a country they've been liberated from a certain totalitarian regime
Dem Brits are THICC
We would have:Tomislav,Borna, Trpimir, Držislav, Domagoj, Petar Krešmimir, Dmitar, peobably some others but can't remember and for girls maybe Tuga or Buga would count otherwise I don't know
Given that Prussia and the early German Reich was a Paternal monarchy, it wasn't even that hard to convince the Keiser that providing this was not only politically prudent but also his duty as the father of all Germans
By the time you reach college, it grows increasingly rare, can't remember seeing much of it around classes, bars etc.
Highways have fences
A right wing party but still in the 1700s
Just don't go to main tourist places if you like peace
Except a lot of those ""veterans"" are rarely real veterans
It would be stupid to repeat myself if we are communicating in a written form
Probably depends on the area
Also, they add subtitles on every TV programme (except cartoons) like we do so even if I didn't understand a word, I can still understand everything because there is English audio.
And they are dragging the country down for decades
Does everyone suddenly get reasonable over nationalism and sovereignty
And by the looks of it, some serious money is coming from middle east for support of Muslim in BiH so somebody is counting on new clash down here
Jews are to be blamed for bad harvest, bad sex that night, bad economy, bad television program and so on.
Yeah, putting millions of Malaysian fates at jeopardy by shaking up their economy just to make a few bucks surely levels him because he likes refugees.
&#x200B;
Interesting question, I don't really know.
You just need to get used to few basic differences and you can have regular conversations with Slovenians.
Tko
At least we have a different alphabet, if nothing else
If you didn't have your notebook for that specific subject you had that day, you would get a minus
It's quite literally one school principal being an idiot.
Funds are non issue when cooperation between NATO countries is required and we are not exactly serbia level poor country.
The same senior and junior party already participated in collapse of their own government a year prior to it
Dude, national bolshevism is not the same as national socialism.
Because the vast majority become Americans culture-wise within a generation or two and are virtually indistinguishable from the rest of the population and don't speak the language of their parents/grandparents
And I think it's more interesting than the Nth predictable map of how north/west dominates everything, for example TIL that Belgium has too many taxes&co, despite being a more well-off country.
Maybe because we are both mediterranean countries but the people, the food, the vine, the feeling, resembles Croatia a lot
Great customer service, terrible planes
I will never understand the mentality of people like that
No, because they would all leave there ASAP, back to where ever they came from.
Also, voice acting could've been better.
Some Belgian guy reading Croatian poorly: [
Morbi ut laoreet urna, congue fermentum mi
This attack also increases the instability in Iraq that is already close to another civil war
>*Being installed when nobody sees*
Same with beachy, sunny, hot places like Maldives, Fiji, Hawaii etc
In Croatian we don't have articles to show the gender of the world, but to determine and prove the gender of a certain word, you say for example *this* table
Looks like a mix between German and Dutch
Ah ok, so a rattlesnake is zmij but a black mamba is had
Merci, Jean
Is the ground unsuitable or were there other reasons?
Oh yeah they get shut down alot but no one cares.
Aleyna Tilki
I own an apartment, but I don't live there, but with my dad.
What's the point of living life if you truly think everything is out of your control
"German is so weird sometimes
perkele
Because the money goes directly to various African dictators who then simply transfer it to some bank in the West.We need to do what the Chinese are doing, building infrastructure and making jobs.What is your solution if I may ask?
However they eat late in the evening, portion sizes in a hotel were top notch ([like french would say] they like basketball, this is actually experience from Zagreb
-Bizovac, Slavonia: [1] [2] [3]
The only people I’ve seen do that are small kids
Ottoman invasions will do that to you
This is where our interests align my Bohemian friend
Can you make one for Croatia, please
Jeff Bezos shudders
>He wants to kill people for a living, what a hero
The picture is, in relation to the way we look at the maps, upside down actually
Guy on the podium: "Can we proceed
In English it just makes more sense to use the "female" form (even though English has no noun genders)
Lithuanians are epic gamers, change my mind
Certain demographics is more prone to terrorism and specific type of crime, you can mask it however you want but it won't make a difference until certain facts change.
We usually refer to Chinese
Well, some of them are now maybe a bit old-fashiony
Trust me
“Two things are infinite: the universe and the age of the "Ancient" walls of Dubrovnik, and I'm not even sure of the former.”
**Ancient**
But to say it was **"close"** to the Nazi one that planned a total eradication of Poles as an ethnic group is just dumb
There are couple of small private firms operating there, our police station and firefighters have been transfered there from their old locations in packed city centre
What is the difference between a vila and a fairy?
Thanks for being a bright example of how we can better arrange our country and society
This led the Croats into 2 failed states, years of oppression and numerous crimes against them
The [Technical Museum] is better by an order of magnitude, there's a ton of old vehicles (trams, cars, planes) and models of even more things like boats, various tools and machines, a planetarium, a fucking *mine*, that you can walk through
Especially don't enjoy hearing it every 5min
Lol exactly
Also, Solar/Wind Energy would be a good thing to develop, considering America has one of the best renewable energy sources potential, unlike the rest of the Western world
Left is GNP per capita right is GDP nominal per capita, the whole thing is not even corrected for inflation.
Why are there so many scenes from ex-Yu countries on r/Europe and why are all the comments below them so salty ?
Every country has history of glorifying individuals, in fact we see this shit in present still in Western countries.
True
Good to know, amazing how I never noticed it during the sports events.
If it makes you feel better, call it Kirkuh.
Turns out it's not even close lol
Also PM Plenković appointed new minister of culture who isn't a popular right-winger unlike previous one.
Modern Greeks are cultural descendents of ancient Greece.
Bismarck supposedly said: " Croats don't know what they want, but they want it now !"
There were some nasty stuff said about Croatia in English media and insults were thrown at our team
Whenever I see those "France always surrenders jokes" or "America/oil jokes" I instantly picture you as a fucking idiot
Serbia will not sent troops or police to north kosovo, it's all play for internal politics purposes as seen many times before.
"Loss of language" was only temporary because Italians lost.
I believe the whole east of the country is often overlooked with cities like Varaždin and Osijek with rich history and interesting facts
He was a favourite in polls and it was quite a shock when he lost.
I don't want to sound picky as I'm usually not, but if there's anything that I didn't like back home then it was the bread
Spelling and pronunciation inconsistencies suck, though
European history is around 2000 years of "Hey that province is mine"
What is natural
It took me about an hour to learn how to pronounce it semi-fluently, and now I'm just waiting for an opportunity to flex on everyone with it
[The flag itself]
OP, you should at least provide some context, either your own comment or an article in the comments would be great
Especially since we learn it since the first grade.
Most of the slavic languages from our perspective would be in ekavian form with just 'e' not 'ije'/'i'.
My area of operations was around StCatherine, la Burse, Grand Place, Gallerie Royalles, Magritte, Parc de Bruxelles, ... Now I have a reason to go a bit to the south next time and around st Gilles
We are all well aware of the fact that Ukraine started an offensive.
The Tories can thank their continued level of influence over UK politics primarily do to the referendum that wanted to change the voting system losing and the fact that while they're very unpopular, they can still divert most of the blame on to the EU.
I dont know, usually its really easy to tell
No, yougoslav
Hungarian side was dominant in that relationship, but most of our shared history consists of fighting Ottomans side by side, so while there was some bad history between us, the majority was not bad
If we go down this rabbit whole then I can pull the argument that you guys, English, are The Worst tourists we have ever seen
I thought this was posted in you know which sub, but knew something was wrong when I saw how haram the comic was.
I think Republic of Ragusa (Dubrovnik) was one of the first countries to recognise USA
Half of Croats were in partisans, half in Homeguard and some in Ustashe forces
The situation here regarding fascist and communist regimes is so polarised that bringing the crimes of one group automatically labels you as a supporter of the other regime
There's also another word for that, escajg (Esszeug)
Do more
Don't forget "vukojebina" which is translated to "place where wolves fuck".
I had no idea Connect were known in Serbia.
Not becouse of culture i know few people with germanic names but becouse of ehh
Good riddance
You betray your kind
Left one looks like it has no sauce and just dried up minced meat and the one to the right has no meat and looks more like tomato sauce and nothing else.
It was also about Croatia who wanted equal rights as Hungary and Austria in the monarchy
Well, we also do that in Croatia
Besides him, a lot of conservatives don't like the new president Milanović, mostly because of his liberal stances on social issues I think, but I'm not that informed on him (or really Croatian politics in general if I'm honest)
Haha, I love how they left out the Balkans, and thus, the most obvious candidates.
The thing that happened after crimea was never seen before on the scale the Russians did, so therefore its unfair to compare their level of propaganda with American basement dweeb that obviously had no impact on someones views in YouTube comment section.
I always say this here - Salzburg region, Austria.
This whole situation with the greenery taking hold and animals coming back really shows how the post apocalyptic  urban jungle scenario was understated if anything
From unbiased news sources it seems like ukrainians are to be blamed the most for the recent activities and even the germans and the OESS think so as well.
It was the 4th strongest military in Europe in 1945 because the Yugoslav Army ( Partisans ) had a million people under arms then.
Oi, we've been passive-aggressively arguing about the coast with Slovenia *forever*.
The UK spent far, far more on an Empire that gave back far less than the EU
But I do feel violated and angry nonetheless
Politically, it is not wise to label yourself as yugo-nostalgic
The place and the museum looked a bit eerie from the street view
Most countries are republics where the electorate votes for their representatives, which isn't a direct democracy.
I did not know Bohemia is just one region.
you mean like č and ć?like doesnt the product packeging litterly say č
Nervatska
It was a poor system when you consider the numbers.
Croatian
We have more than we need
Which means:"hundred people,hundred wonders" basically the same as "different strokes for different folks"
Don't go into discussion with gccmelb, we usually ignore him on /r/croatia.
You MUST know someone to get a shot at getting a job, going to a doctor any time soon, do any sort of paperwork
And especially if you see a guy infront of it trying to get people to come inside
Haha
[The flag itself]
Of course the Western media is propaganda, no matter where they fall on political spectrum.
they're all completely exposed to enemy fire while operating the gun
Almost everyday i have to either walk behind or sit next to a smoker and it infuriates me.
Likes to be called little Vienna, but I'm not sure about that
Unless somehow something forced him to return, I can't see anyone willingly returning after what happened
Do you freeze to death when you get out of a shower
I always thought india leads in language diversity but i guess i was so wrong
This is one of the best things about croatia and one of the reasons i'm not moving anytime soon
Hahahaha takvi trenutci su najbolji
But if you went around and translated her last name to Serbian, it would be kind of funny because colors aren't used as last names there
(I recommend the one in the photo, it's very good.)
But again, nowhere does it state the woman is Scottish
Let's go
Also, US cant limit my internet no matter where sites are for 2 reasons: 1
In Croatia you are taught English from kindergarten all the way to last year of high school
Funny how in finland the school lasts for
According to this I am Gypsy
Well
I know Slovakian is the next closest language to us outside of the South Slavic group, but how can it be on the same distance as Slovenian?
We tend to speak standard in situations where you are unsure about other person or in official, formal situations
is the earthquake hallucinations" or something like that
The scaffolding is so iconic now, I think it would actually be weird to see it without it
We also made up a lot of words for technical things while Serbian uses a lot of loan words from English, German
And when done in moderation it is a safe drug
And not just long-term, if I understood this right.
Not really prevalent
Why her
Literally every building has them
>Look, having nuclear
You can't have Croatia without Hungary and the other way around, otherwise thank you for teaching my mom to put black beer into goulash it is very tasty)
Kranjska kobasica buurek
If onli ju kud hev novn vot anholi retribjušn jur litl "klevr" koment vaz abaut tu bring davn apon ju mejbi ju vuld hev held jur fakin tang
They kept it thru my childhood
Could have put the other (nonEU) countries up there as well
Alhambra
It's not only terribly unfair, it's outright stupid for the exact same reason flat out stopping women from doing certain jobs was stupid
Definitely
In effin Croatia was the most annoying part
He is suing Norway for not treating him right
Thanks to Belgium for the saxophone, I play it and I love it
I also learned recently that you guys say Becs for Vienna, we say Beč and I never knew we borrowed the name from you
Hmm, nije strug, ja mislim na nesto drugo
barely any puns (it's hard to make them) but when they exist they're the funniest shit ever
What does that imply though
Time for everyone to hate Europe in the coming weeks, and rightfully so
From burek and cevapi, to sarma and rakija
Food is great for dogs
Hehe, šmigus dingus
How else is the car going to know how conditions on the road are?
Last time just before then pandemic in December of 2019
Edit: [here's] the screenshot i dug out from february 2nd of this year
Wheat Gives Birth = Žitorađa
I think it's a pretty ok topic to talk about in Croatia, but I'm also a bit biased as my mother is the most open person I've ever seen, and no topic is off the table for her
Hell, most of Europe is divided when it comes to these things and pretty much all of us have a relationship with minorities which is not comparable to the American one
Exactly, just like invading Russia.
Although, of course, only if the Croatian standard is adopted, as it's the best
I highly doubt they aren't
Let me explain - just because countries _can_ get funds doesn't mean they will nor that those funds will be spent wisely ( [example] )
3) just awesome people in general
I recently saw a clip on Youtube where a motorcyclist had a camera attached to his helmet and a car ran into him
I love visiting Serbia and I really like the people there, however, some straight up deny things that happened in the war even though there are tons of evidence
Croatia, as a second economy of the former Yugoslavia, is by most of the parametres today worse than Romania or Bulgaria
I don't think that many games have Croatian language as an option
Cheap and stuck up
Doubt it man
Then Istrias just speak weirdly like their accent is like Australian to British and Dalmatians like to lengthen words and putting the "i" sound everywhere
HRE, however loose, was a political entity, Italy on the other hand wasn't.
I didn't like it that much
Never said they originate from Croatia
You'd expect a map like this to mostly align with economic performance, HDI and such things, and it does for the most part, but then you have outliers like Macedonia.
In Croatia we don't have our own word for colour
Isn't AfD more right wing than Merkel?
So I’m sure you guys will find the way for this never to happen again
France: no
Snow would surely long ago have melted
And we learn even more about Croatia, my point still stands.
I say that the law is on Breivik's side because I don't see his sentence as something that punishes him
It a) comes precut or b) I use a knife to cut it to slices
That said, yup, evidence of a future event obviously can't exist.
they simply buy them illegally
Not surprising, not sure who in their right mind would consider The UK,Russia and USA atm
I mean i would lock my doors anyway if im going somewhere, even if just for 5 mins
The law in question is bullshit and lifting of the immunity is obviously political.
Oldest city in Europe is in Croatia
I shit you not 10x times more than Russia
Our hallways looked like [this] in High School
Tieland is waaay too close to Thailand, also getting Croatian people to start using the word Croatia would be a bit of a problem
Outside or inside of my own, the answer is the same
So we are now losing people left and right
What about leaving it on the floor or throwing it in the trash infront of some kids
Bratislava was nice when I visited
it's like "Royal Union"
You can memorize [this] in a couple of hours and you're set for life, you just change the name of the unit from for example milliliter to millimeter and that's that.
That was the first one
I love Prague
I had no idea you guys use soft sounds so much haha
Happy independence day from Croatia
Governments provide official documents and services in multiple languages.
Except ad hitlerium would be saying that Hitler supported same thing, not the opposite as I said.
Redditor mixed up Baltics and Balkans?
Really depends on the place
And while presumably this also benefits the Poles - they get more convenient products - it's bad once whole factories start shutting down and they lose their jobs.
Why arent you thinking of 3500 people that die just in Germany every year from car accidents?
Their thinking or my writeup
sexy
As it should be, finally, after centuries of us being dealt shitty cards, at least some Slavs are doing good now.
Ko da ne vide /s logično da je kosovo kosovo
Split because it's Florida
I'm not sure about Eastern Europeans
I'm not just saying that it is hard to cycle uphill, although it really is
Perfect focus for European hatered.
>News submissions from these geographically Asian areas of Russia and Turkey are only considered on topic if the news is pan-Russian/pan-Turkish (e.g. national politics, protests, major events) or if it is directly engaging another European nation
I play in English, but if there an option for my language I'll at least see how good it is
Zagreb: Christmas market
Sorry man, i really don't want to bash italians, i'm just saying that you are a bit too loud for me
Then Croatia joined and screwed things a bit.
Croatia would also block them
Old yugo version of fanta
Duis quis risus a justo pretium vestibulum
So all of them
Montenegro: uhh
Who could have foreseen it
I think both are hammery enough
Like for example "hurr durr they're unelected bureaucrats!" Except we either elect them directly, or they're set up by the national government we elected earlier.
Next up : Turkey and Taijikistan
Lol what
This is just a photo of a gathering on a square
It's not split by the border, but the border does take a detour to go around the surrounding area
These Brexit cartoons are very lame, unoriginal and generally low-quality
Splitting of BiH is impossible without war, bosniak's would never accept it because too much blood was spilled for it.
Those racks and hangs were always places just outside of a classroom and each grade had their own row assigned to them for that year
There is even [a play in a theater Trešnja tomorrow in Zagreb] Quite clear: Pat - Asim Ugljen, Mat - Marko Cindrić.
It's always been some dickhole from the middle of nowhere America who thinks I'm weird and probably poor because I come from a smaller "third world country" and that it explains why I'm so out of touch with "all things America"
The work mentality, stupid management, bad system and toxic colleagues all pushed me away
I think the Kaiser naval flag is best
Why would we exclude Greece
We can bring [Alka] to Olympics so you can retaliate
Those groups are more used to counter Saudi Wahhabi influence that is spreading across the world.
And perceptions
Also when I first came in an old woman took a dump in the trash like wth
buy why expect the Turkish government to give a shit I guess.
But those many tend to live outside of the 26 countries in question.
Aye, you are right, but you can't argue that the EU is very inefficent with the deportation part of the story.
So what is your talent
"Halo"
But the thing is everyone had something back then and now a lot of people dont have anything while few have too much
Also Serbs have a lot easier distinction between "Č" and "Ć" cause of your harsher pronounciation
You can google this and you have many scientific papers about it
When i think about it i believe czech and slovak would work too because when i was a kid growing up in a popular tourist place i met a lot of czech people (we were chasing girls a lot back in the days) and we could communicate with each other without using english
Well first of all the political and especially social situation in Croatia is extremely complex
[I was thinking more in the line of this]
What is even more interesting, young people are often even more extreme about it, even though they may not practice religion that much
Merci, Jean
That's an interesting story
you always have to be special, don't you
Italians put tens of thousands of Croats and Slovenes into concentration camps where thousands died.
Serbo-Croatian, German, Spanish, Italian, French, Turkish, Hebrew, Latvian, Norwegian, English, Portuguese, Arabic, Russian, Polish, Finnish
We were kind of annoyed to go there "just a bunch of sand" and "what are we going to do there for four hours on sunny may sunday".
I disagree
that first lj is a bit mangled.
I reccomend the Baranya region to check out, mountains in Slavonia(there is a UNESCO Geopark there) and cities like Osijek, Požega, Đakovo, Vinkovci and Vukovar especially for those war stories there
Slovenia Threatens to Sabotage Croatian Tourism
If you don't understand it look it up and again learn something new ;)
Probably make my living as a smuggler
Its not funny mocking a disabled person
A majority of Americans were denied the executive they voted for twice in 16 years.
That‘s awesome
Official line is "they didn't know what it represented".
>an addiction to building castles
Zagorje: alcoholics
It says that German equivalent, or at least in High German, is/would be *gimunt*.
If the Crusades had simply been reactions to the conquests of Islam, they would have started way earlier.
>Orbán claimed it for himself
This is also where "high Croatian" dialect is spoken the most and is official dialect of Croatia
Austro - Ugarska monarhija (Austro - Hungarian monarchy), if separately speaking then Carevina Austrija (empire of Austria) and Kraljevina Ugarska (kingdom of Hungary)
Tbh they look like comrades distributing solidarity.
Ante pavelic, give me a fucking break
I am from Croatia and I got a lot of upset French tourists who would get really upset when they realised I couldn't speak French
Belgrade is pretty big and my family lives in Zarkovo which isnt close to anything so there's no other way
people don't care which phone you have other than "your phone makes shitty photos, let's use mine". i mean we have other things which we're shallow about, for example cars
What do you have against [the amazing old design]
I think that's understandable
The First "Plastic-Free" Advent Fair Opens in Croatia
Ako dobro paše u prijevodu, zašto ne ?
I never met a person under the age of 60 that likes hladetina
It is mostly used in close settinhs, on green market etc
Its industrial/port town with lots of derelict and abandoned industrial sites in the centre and right by the coast
Yes and that's my pet peeve when it comes to it, it's less of a geographical denominator and has more to do with politics
Holy fuck what have we come to
Well, for foreign tourists it is
Definitely very common in Croatia.
That's more of a Bulgarian influence XD
What exactly did you think it would achieve
I did some readings about that and the conclusion I made is that Croatia is about to enter the Schengen individually; without Bulgaria and Romania, because of interests of the European powerhouses like Germany, Italy, France etc
To me that sounds like it's trying to say that it's a stark contrast to be black in Sweden as Swedes are amongst the palest people on the planet
hrvat je tat
The Czechs cannot be allowed to continue to abandon their fellow Catholic Slavs - time for the Poles, Slovaks, Slovenes and Croats to form a military coalition I think
Google (even in the background) collects tons of data about road conditions, individual driving habits, predicts future conditions and it can suggest or divert the drivers to a less congested route
(Well technically it's been going on this whole year)
But when excessive kindness gets your own citizens murdered, assaulted, harassed and you play it all off because "human rights" of some are above the "human rights" of others then it's not altruism it's a narrow-minded game of "greater good" which usually does lead to "evil" in big or small doses which in itself is not altruism, but self-destruction and sado-masochism.
serbia, kinda complicated but we're working things out :)
" when I'm swimming in the sea
Street commercials/billboards, public transport, just find a government building and it'll probably have a town name in huge letters.
&#x200B;
Well, they were called Vlachs most of the time, you can argue that they were actually Serbs, but calling them Vlachs isn't disingenuous.
yeah, but are those enviroments the Diocletian's Palace?
Newer ones (even after WWII) didn't sustain damage
We have "typical" translation errors in restaurant menus
That’s just communists bull crap tbh
In language town is settlement which is bigger than village and smaller than city.
Serbia probably
000
Serbian becouse the whole world is Serbia
It is American invasion of Iraq and de-baathification which created ISIS
For fresh milk it is sold in fridges and kept in it
There certainly interesting examples, but that is difficult actually communicating
They actually contribute something to society
Im sorry but US needs to be first where else can you walk around with carrying weapons, plus lets not forget the refills
We do that too:
Happy Statehood Day, neighbors.
Not if they donate to republican party..
could be because during my schooling in germany we talked about that one the most, being over germany, so i just assumed it's the biggest one
according to you you are part of the 'good rich Europe'
On some trains you have to buy reservation for seats.
No, I don't think I can accidentaly commit massive murder
there's a reason Roman Britain collapsed so quickly, and that's primarily because it was heavily based on military occupation.
I’ve been told as a kid that Santa lived in Rovaniemi, Finland
Yeah, I've heard it's amazing
Any scientific proofs to back up this theory?
Write it down, reduce all the z, w etc
Taht's what happens when technician is your father
Spanish people kiss and during introductions with complete strangers
️️️
"mi" means "to me" and "se" is a form of the word "is".
It *is* posted by someone from Scotland
It is also completely useless to buy these things for firefights.
Here's another pic of the same street:
I think i'd communicate easier with a slovenian than a macedonian but it also varies from region to region
As a Trump fan I must say this portugal you wont be second
What bezirk is that
Let's not even go to Middle East, it's a sad place.
Don’t know, you sound like an Ustaša to me
Charite hospital was criticized for sending victims' families bills for the autopsies of their loved ones within days of the attack
Hahahahaha
Then you would enjoy Western prosperity today.
German school runs scheme to stop spread of extremism among teenagers
You just have to pretend to live in France for 5 years.
I'm still salty at the grammatical genders!
But let's not touch freedom of movement for labor - God forbid that richer members can't siphon any more human capital from poorer members
I would actually really like to know this.
We walk into the lift with two guys from hotel maintenance
Thanks Poland for saving Croatia from the Ottomans, if u never saved us Croatia wouldnt exist today
Transliterating foreign names into your language (when you have a viable alphabet to spell them as originally) seems to bastardize them for me
We should change tons of stuff to kill corruption
Croatians who don't speak the kajkavian dialect, Bosnians, and Serbians cannot understand Slovenian.
Why am I not surprised that scumbag is a Trump supporter...
This is bizarre to say the least.
> Anyway, zbog ovakvih stvari ljudi misle da su Hrvati divljaci
We voted for Maček, not Pavelić.
The issue are mostly young people who come over in big groups thinking Croatia is a cheap party destination and then proceed to stay wasted for 90% of their stay, making a big mess of everything
They think they're the smartest, they talk the most and interrupt others, but in reality they're pretty dumb
EU funds being used for what they are intended for
I was 15 back then tho and i went with my parents so i dont know the prices
I'm not a picky eater, I just have different palate, I'll try anything once, but if I don't like the taste, then I won't eat it again, life is too short to eat food you don't like
Speak as you write language and all
And do we call anyone our catholic brothers ?
Because it's a representative body.
etc
I only know Ivan Pernar is pro-Russian, he's an interesting fellow - #Controversies
Also, incredibly resilient people
Healthcare is really good in Croatia, dunno about other countries in the region.
Morbi in ultricies augue, eu tristique magna
Men: Višeslav, Borna, Vladislav, Mislav, Trpimir, Zdeslav, Domagoj, Branimir, Muncimir, Domagoj, Tomislav, Krešimir, Miroslav, Mihovil, Stjepan, Svetoslav, Gojislav, Petar, Dmitar Zvonimir
At least by the experience we have in Croatia, because it’s not only the government or the parliament, it’s all the local governments, regions, cities, councils, all the public companies on all levels, there is corruption everywhere and it includes hundreds of thousands of ppl
Only later sources, from time when Romans reestablished some political control, start to mention "invitations".
I just bought German Nutella from InterSpar and was surprised it actually tasted A LOT better that the Croatian one.
Some schools have German as their first second language too especially in the central and northern part
Pasta is there instead of the bread
Aslo we bring our notebooks with us at all times
Literally all the content in it is yugo-nostalgia.
They should start calling Serbia "Vojvodina".
So in your opinion parents did a great job?
Macedonia
It is only Bosnian national dish, but it has spread to Serbia and Croatia, as well as to the other countries
I dont talk to them
I'd agree with you if you could prove they established legitimate country with popular support, not a mere puppet state
Yes, you are responsible for the Terminator
vjerovatno rakija
It's my home city as well as the biggest city and the capital
Istro-Romanian is still alive, but dwindling;
naj sad magjare povlacit, germ je v pitanju
Also running red lights is pretty GTA-realistic
I said that I dont like him but a lot of people(and you know it) like him smh
That would make Swedes the majority
Each European country has their own universal healthcare and the quality varies massively
Ivana Brlić Mažuranić, Marija Jurić Zagorka, Antun Branko Šimić.
It's the word *uhljeb*, first time used on an [ultras transparent] in a football game back in 2008
Cleptocracy will find the way to find common cause with veteran organisation, which will plague your society forever.
Crazy and really interesting stuff
I wish you independence to Kosovo, my friend
Maybe we just have bootleg stuff over here so I didn't taste the real deal, idk
And because of my previous point the whole "organic" point still stands - most of us do have access to foods which are found to be "organic" (localy grown) for little to no money, which is not the cases for the UK
Better word to use is universal
We also learned some old cities from which I remember only Machu Picchu and Tenochtitlan + Chichen Itza pyramid.
But first, [find me Fegelein] :)
Don't know if it's a myth or if it's true
[oh look what I found in ottawa.
Yes, I know there are some Serbian artists as well on this list, but this seemed like a great chance to introduce some people to rock'n'roll music from my and neighbouring countries as well
Like culture, tourism, entertainment, sports etc.
I am sure that I would also be able to understand a bit more, if it was a little slower spoken
In ex yu countries and Bulgaria i think i would be fine
REALLY
I hope it's a bit clearer but I know it sound very confusing
Decriminalize marijuana
You have a point, but I'd say that in general, higher education develops critical thinking.
Yeah, let's break something we have been working on since ww2 just like that.
Kinda like Bavarians in Germany
While Sandžak and Vojvodina are mostly Serbian, the case for Kosovo still stands.
If the polls are so inaccurate that she will compensate for such a huge margin that she has against all of her possible opponents in the second round, then she's maybe not leading at all in the first round.
P I Č K I N    D I M
Why would this sub be even worse than that?
Theres a lot of theories going around for where the word comes from or what it means but there's a lot of disagreement going on
\-ić is actually not that common for diminutives (the only one i can think of is cvjetić), it's more common fro surnames
That doesn't mean they're the least chauvinistic
Least erasmus participation
The Tories were not pro Brexit.
Street attacks/muggings are very rare
let's not forget wet hair even if it's 30 degrees outside
I guarantee you even if those extreme measures were taken against potential terrorists, there will always be danger from lone wolves types of terrorists.
And Croats initiated escalation of the tensions in Croatia.
People tried to assassinate him 42 times.
~~They're arabs or arabians, i forget which one is which
it sounds retarded, but thanks to our government, it is one of the official names of the country.
Whether you see it or not, Croatia is your brotherly nation
Yes
Don't know, apparently all the countries from Turkey to France aren't safe or prosperous enough to disqualify refugees from being refugees as the push towards Sweden and the UK.
Do you prefer that you are in the EU ?
Zabranjena ljubav, a not very good soap opera that ran from 2004 to 2008 plus one more season in 2011, it has a measly total of 805 episodes
Then I got to patriotic part
People from other parts of Croatia call it water and make me and many other people very annoyed while the think we are irational lol
Hey, I'm living under a rock here, I don't know what GDPR is, and the [wikipedia page] has an explanation, but I can't read all that dry text
They paid the same as we residents would if we didnt have coverage
I beg to differ
The penalties we're going to pay now are going to be huge, I don't believe someone accidentally forgot about it..
Probably the most effective tool to be frank.
I tried to ask directions in Russian from an old man couple of days ago in Tallinn.
You gotta make it crystal clear that it's a joke or people will be jumping down your throat until the end of time.
The Saxon invasion would have failed and the Pictish and Celtic raids would have been halted.
But I 100% feel like I belong in this part of the world, especially coastal part of the country
In spite of 3 different Democrats winning the vote since 2000, the Democrats one president, the Republicans got 2.
Yeah liberal meant mass murder...
Yeah, we have a big [street art scene] There are also murals and grafitti such as [these at Zagreb's Remetinec Roundabout's underpasses]
when she was betrothed/married to Joseph
I'll assume it's you and will say that your opinion should matter to anyone because you presumably live in a society, and you can't live in a society if the other people don't acknowledge your individuality
I was there on a school trip
I wish I could just forget what happened to my family in the 90s, if only
maximum: Ema Lorena Franić Stanić
All of them are equally bad
True was just wondering if anything had changed since I heard last
Yeah, probably since i cant find it anymore
Hdz moze radit sta hoce
Actually if you look at the stockpiles of resources, geographical distribution of population, military assets, and manufacturing capabilities, you'll see that Russia will probably leave any nuclear conflict with an upper hand
Is it a country
In Croatian monotonous is jednolično = one faced.
The way they did it in Kosovo was much more effective and surely influenced by the experience during the first 2 wars.
I dont think it has a name
Rather than having absolutely nothing, the reserves are there to help them.
C) I'm all for giving the European Parliament more power so that the EU is more directly Democratic, but the democratically elected representatives of the people in member countries don't like the competition
It comes off as a bit jarring when you have such a high profile opening with "women need not apply" or "men need no apply" plastered all over it
>I'm not quite sure why it has to be mentioned: There is no sign of a terrorist attack
Lol there's so many of them that when we went there we even stopped noticing, wasn't even funny later
Austria (Habsburg Monarchy, and Austria-Hungary later on)
I certainly would, but for 15 years
Poland the catholic brother, Albania the i dont get how were friends and Israel the country I wanna be friends with
So you're telling me Kosovo is only 10% and Albania is 34%?
(Do they even have Italian in continental schools?)
We will allow you to be slavic.
Mesanger is only reason I didnt deleted my account already
I know a bunch of people named Dugi, Mrki, Crni, etc
Same
Because of a small loaf of bread
From my point of view, I find that Bulgarian and Macedonian sound similar
All the business permits you need, well the public sector gives them, and same public sector is hilariously byzantine and slow.
"Ružan ko Turčin" - "You are ugly like a Turk"
I feel like this applies to myself, so I'll explain why exactly we "defend" these assholes
Not very popular in general but still has a nice user base and a large number of young people heard about it.
Well, along with chicken and beef pate, we have this thing called pupil pate..
I am not sure of the other regions
Get up at 07:30 rush to get to school till 08:00, I did not much like to go to school
Some interesting tidbits include:
Less than 1 imo
¿Porque no los dos
Machiavelli wrote that during the height of heavily armored pike formations supported by artillery and musketry.
There was barely a mention of the match you did play
" XD
Charging standard (USB-PD / DASH charge / etc)
The recent war which has people arguing politics and beliefs and due to the financial situation everyone is doing something illegal
Interdum et malesuada fames ac ante ipsum primis in faucibus
5 with a car(something like 230 km)
Ohh man, now I miss gyros again.
But what about the salt
i see a lot of things wrong with gun culture, i don't like it and i prefer not to turn into another usa where every other guy has a gun around his waist
Does a Hungarian/Austrian grip come close
For us this is actually pretty normal
While I like this gesture, if people in authority such as him would collectively turn their backs against the dictators, the dictators would be no more
Tunisia says at least 800 Tunisian jihadis are under surveillance since returning home after fighting in Syria, Iraq and Libya.
So if some lawmaker in the future decides to change the laws at the expense of social rights, the constitutional court will knock them down.
I am so much dissapointed that people don't learn about Nikola Zrinski/Miklos Zrinyi and Siege of Szigetvar
That's not the point though
Thank you guys
It's just now popular on the subs he visits to talk how France and Sweden are Islamized.
Metastaze
I mean what the fuck was this
It says that the best people are Catholics, that grew up in a stony area of Croatia and Herzegovina, mostly villages, and they don't like foreigners, but only God
If i had to guess i'd say continental croatia, right
they find it very well known
Dubrovnik (small city in the southern Croatia, former Ragusa Republic) completely banned slavery in 1416
Hot take they are not
Our MIGs are falling apart and we are hoping to buy 12 to 16 planes soon.
Seriously, didn't know it was a thing...
Come on, do something *pokes with a stick* Come on!
Well, then why the hell did they stay there for 400 years?
The Schengen enlargement falls within the Common Foreign and Security Policy, an area which still requires approval from all EU member states
Quintillion = kvintilijun
In reality you could probably classify a majority of the people on the planet as being part of the "American but with a twist culture group" That's why places like Afganistan that aren't part of that overarching group seem like extreme examples
Well, I can only speak for Croatia, and even that is uncertain - I never tried to run a business for example.
there must be a better way other than building your house from scratch after every season
Yeah, thought so but it's the internet so you never know.
it always rains, roads are tiny and always too crowded, there is no straight part and everything is full of steep streets and you are constantly walking either downhill or uphill
Croat
AKA if the joke has shit, sex, or something extremely gross it's "funny" but if you have to think about the joke it's lame and you're being a nerd or something
Haven't heard many compliments on beers from Croatia
thought he wrote it with ó to emphasize the long 'o' sound in "because".
Telling me I was wrong about my country, where it was, or what the language was like
We don't have euros yet, but here's what I found in the cup where I keep foreign coins:
One 15 year old girl unfortunately died today, very sad :(
I thought we were friends :(
There doesn't need to be anything close to a trade war.
Very controversial, you are either the biggest fan or you hate them
We don't except carving pumpkins and occasional Halloween themed party.
Maybe Croatia used to be very cold in the past!
There is uBlock available for Edge
Zovemo ih “Vatreni” s razlogom
Most of Slovenians too
Everyone knows the beautiful Croatian coast and Zagreb with the best European advent but noone knows about Osijek
The whole country would be a peninsula
Maybe we should have a meritocracy - for example, if a person is highly educated his vote is worth 2-3 people, or if he speaks several languages.
And now you can play with those phrases and their word order or add stuff to it
sorry, but if mutual understanding is the key all of those should be in a single group.
You see, if you just did yourself a favour and thought through a little bit before writing, we would have been in the wrong
Even the Pope knows better
Others have totally different meanings and make no sense and are rather really confusing.
Hungary, I do hope your nuclear plant is a western type one
Bosnians, Montenegrians and Slovenes
So I would say it's just a footnote in this area's history.
Well, why don't the c h a n g e i t.
Oh, no, no
All Europe needs is 200-300 large quadcopters armed with rubber bullets.
I mean its about a dozen books each year on mandatory list and about three times as much where you have an excerpt and talk about it
It is a bit hot sometimes but a week or two ago it was freezing cold with terrible whether
Good for you man
Thanks for pushing back Ottomans
We have 5 kuna (HRK) coin in Croatia and it's also quite big
when) asylum aplication is rejected there will be no immidiete deportation as we are EU citizens
And yes, they were brutal to say the least
It looks like the exact opposite is true by the numbers.
US Secretary of Defense William Perry (left), Ukraine ministry of defense Mr.
Don't pretend there weren't a lot of Poles that also loathed the existence of the Jews
statistics are known to be wrong it all depends in which country, the degree of ethical diversity, development levels few if any statistic will take all the necessary facts in consideration
This list is longer and longer is it problem in this countries or in some people in kremlin
We see ourselves as bosnian croats coz' we're not from croatia so we aren't croats
Oh, you meant that kind of things
Zagreb is on a seismic active area, due to the vicinity of Žumberak-Medvenica fault, it is expected that a strong earthquake could hit at any moment and most of the 100-200 year old buildings in the center of Zagreb would collapse, killing thousands.
Going with "Italy" instead of "Venice, Papal States" and so on is, I don't know, incomplete.
Marriage is for men and women
I went to buy cigarette paper once I was 14(for other purposes) and noone asked a thing
But even so  , I have recently started noticing that there is really a lot of old people around
An 8-day forecast isn’t really accurate so don’t panic just yet
Sure
But if you have cancer or some serious condition, you will get care as soon as possible
The servers are varied in topic and population, and are all international, so it doesn’t seem related to a particular demographic
I'm not attacking you specifically, but I am ranting because I have heard this complaint all the times, yet it's all stopped by 5 minutes of research
I've witnessed a situation between friends where someone was verbally attacked because they said something about God that the other person didn't like
So you have a bunch of people who can speak italian reasonably well and bunch who can speak german.But very neately geographically distributed.
1 ikea store in capital city
Rest of the world: Yeah, we had some minor skirmishes and fought over this regions/resource, it was horrible, hope it never happens again
Nothing wrong with it, it's just that i can't stand it
Thank you so much
Nothing obscene about being homo.
[Narodi nam se(kralj nebeski) ]
I mean, how do you see yourself exactly
But where is the Balkan mountain range situated
Borovniča is the shit, I love it
Nit su snijezi, nit su labudovi
Much better than Pula
I feel like this is a game of ping pong with saints
I suppose it will be fascinating in a way to observe how multicultural countries like France will function in coming decades.
Politicians in Europe are not much better.
That's exactly the shade we need.
Biggest military embarrassment since the Suez crisis
Really
John Zápolya not showing up at Mohács
- no, croatia
You can say:
descending - doesn't have a literal translation in its own but we basically took niz "down" and hodljiv "the one who is able to walk" and combined it to mean descending
Why can't we have our Slovakia?
610 - 1102 (duchy to kingdom until PU with Hungary and later Austria)
[Jinx - Smijem se ]
It's not just the phone, it's the dishwasher, washing machine, dryer, air conditioning, car with AC and better mileage and better safety features, microwave, etc
No need, since Italians tend to fry themselves up on the sun here on our coast!
Funnily enough, the very next day he was late again and it turned out the tram he was in actually caught on fire and had to be evacuated
If they would start to complain just call them Nazis
OP, post this to /r/PhotoshopBattles
I wrote a longer comment on a similair question on AskBalkans that explains why a bit more, but the short of it yes, and I've seen other Serbs being treated differently, I know a guy who gets mocked and people didn't want to hang out with him just because of it
They supposedly inhabited the Croatian territories in the 7th century and are considered to be the ancestors of Croats today
Yeah I bet that's an awesome experience
McDonalds has standards that in my experience don't change from country to county and provides a consistent product that, while not as cheap elsewhere as it is in the US, is still decent and affordable
hallo, salut, sunt eu, un haiduc :P
So we can have revisionism in the comments instead
on the other hand, if you invest in lung cancer chemotherapeutics now, in 30-40 years you'll be rich
(Side-note: the hotel manager who put a pool with a perfect view on the roof is *genius*.) Seeing one monastery from the other, and the valley between - so cool.
This guy is quite popular
[It's absolutely beautiful
I wonder how do Ukrainians look on USSR, I mean they were one of the most prosperous republics, but at the same time endured holodomor and considering current war with Russia and proxies.
Nullam lacinia dolor ut sapien maximus, cursus euismod diam mattis
On a few occasions our national TV aired documentary about force of resistance on crete that hid australian and british naval intelligence agents
Or the Kingdom of Croatia (Austrian subdivision)
Control over currency matters when you have deflation and can't do anything about it because Germans fear inflation.
Iran is hot it does not even have color
Words can't describe how abstract that is to me
Now we need even fewer people for that so let's make some beer and build nicer houses so we don't get sick as often and are more productive; use that productivity to make something new and on and on it goes
Still it is not known when he died or where.
If you have neonazi friends, that's your problem.
It's not a unique thing to Islamic countries.
I was drinking beer and watching your game against the Spain in 2012
One year into learning danish and it's not really hard to pronounce, it's hard to understand the speaking (kamelåså).
man, sorry, but you really fit the polish/czech stereotype people in croatia have :D
Really
Now we're in damage control mode.
This is just so mindless
Can I just ask you from a greek viewpoint: which countries do you consider Southern/Mediterranean European countries
"i have surgery  in 10 minutes, you wanna go tell the guy on the table I can't have a smoke to calm my nerves
Few years back the priest was coming early on 1
We know it’s a holiday that exists but don’t actually celebrate it
Vjeverica
I guess drinking for all of the Balkans but for Croatia it is name days whom are already mentioned and maybe our style of eating, we usually eat bread with everything and always have soups before the main meals
I think if you remove the conatation on the SR flag, the flag is still quite  a boring flag ngl
... etc
Now, instead of buying, we would put 2 stickers on the floor, one next to each other (face-up) and try to turn them face-down with our hands, but no grabbing, obviously, only using the vacuum your hands can make to lift them up
Well, southern Croats also use gusle so we are in double trouble.
We have over a thousand islands and not counting the 5 or 6 most popular, noone visits them
So we need a thread like this, with hundreds of comments, every few weeks, to correct an obscure, historically inaccurate and utterly irrelevant claim that Tesla's great-grandfather might have been catholic???
Illyrian kingdoms were contemporaries of Alexander the Great and Roman Republic, today modern Albanians are closer to them than Croats really, i.
Correct me if i'm wrong but serbia was never an empire, you were a kingdom, right
People today have way more than our grandparents did and simultaneously have no sense of gratitude for it but are complaining they have to work for it
It’s been mentioned as a considerable option by media and our defense minister last weeks
People from other regions of Croatia can understand slovenian as well but a little harder and if they speak slowly.
Firewoooorks
Which city would that be
(croatia)
France at least still has nuclear capable bombers.
"lakat" (elbow) is used specifically in my home town and is 51
should've gone to McDonald's.
Which is interesting because burning flags is illegal in most European countries.
The Narona museum is one of the best I've ever visited
Rome as well
Go neighbours
I think that the EU should behave differently towards Greece.
Like any large gatherings of people, trash will be left on the floor, to further hurt the environment
which some historians are starting to think wasn't really a battle but just a raiding/looting party.
What
The whole world will start trading even more between themselves
Still ugly old boxes doe without 2 walls under the same angle
I realized it's related to our "Bećar", a traditional Slavonian archetype of someone who is cheery and goes around pubs a lot (often, but not necessarily unmarried)
Don't know if the Kärnten Slovenes also have them
Poland is the last country that would let him in
But they also have more soft power than the EU
it's Moja stikla (translation My high heel)
We get fucked either way, it doesn't affect us even the slightest
That's not the point though
There were other crises before the July Crisis, and they ended up being contained and calmed down
you're watching olympics and cheering on any european country against non-european countries.
Male names are glorious sounding and sometimes even usable/used
What does size have to do with it
Every night, fairies and witches on their brooms gather up there in desire to wake him up.
What about leaving it on the floor or throwing it in the trash infront of some kids
Fusce rhoncus massa ut odio pretium, quis semper erat fringilla
There are many cases where they don't.
Morbi sit amet libero tortor
Also dont be crazy and form a country with your neighbours, it's not gonna work out well for neither one of you
I've witnessed a situation between friends where someone was verbally attacked because they said something about God that the other person didn't like
wouldn't people take her more seriously if she looked more, you know, normal?
It's just more profitable and easier there, as they have some (weird and fucked up) laws that make it work flawlessly
That's insanely expensive
Its not profit, its monopoly on information
From the first word I knew it was gonna be Zagreb
We hold the world record for the biggest popcorn and tge biggest neck tie
Many Germans also influenced that part a lot, but add Hungarians to the mix, you can tell it mostly by the food and how the villages are laid out
Any normal, sane person speaking a normal, sane language would flip a table at that moment
We were only there for a few hours though
O really Im sorry but if you can't see that having three presidents and all the assistants isnt a huge buirocratic mess made for intentional money grabbing I cant help you.
Sabaton doesnt know that
Isti sir drugo pakiranje
I personally loved it
The relationship between us has always been pretty chill (except briefly during the 90-s siege of Dubrovnik, but I think we can move on from that)
The public transport in Zagreb is abysmal
Swedes are weebs
Yeah, old buildings are the biggest problem
Was it weird for you
yes, the guy i replied to said
Ok grampa
Have you also made Croatia (and other surrounding countries) in Minecraft or is it just google map image
All those bad relationships mentioned here are in a political sense.
One more day until two more years actually...
I can't really think of any other ending to Čeh which would sound normal to speakers of non-Slavic languages.
Otherwise I like Portugal, Romania, Sweden, Iceland and Wyoming
You choose the least bad option
Are you sure she isn't just speaking Italian lol?
Rich, according to Croatian standards anyway, and very central European looking
30%? I'd say most people smoke
That is after the Ottoman wars, before that, those lands along with western Bosnia were all within Croatia.
The capital has a mayor who said that he wants to make Zagreb have more fountains than even Rome.
Cons: very high corruption rate and low wages both of which led to brain drain, conservative, overly complicated administration, slow and unreliable public transport (especially trains)
What the hell B&H, 2003
good one
yes, for a couple of years, that was annoying
And finally, these weren't exactly games per se, but we also had the "paralysis" and the "slide". The latter would be running as fast as you could, and then use to marble floor to slide into someone's legs at a high velocity, while the former was running up to someone, and using your knee to hit them in the outer side of the thigh, the aim being hitting the nerve as hard as possible
idk everyone i know drinks tap water infact people usally by bottled water or a soda drink it and then when they are going somewhere they take the empty bottle and fill it with water from the tap
Lika: sheep herders
The UK strategy also isn't to get 60% of the people infected, that's just something that keeps getting bandied around the subreddit
But companies were - since 1950 - created as a worker co-ops where a manager had to manage along with the worker's councils
You want to speak but you sound like Russian that tries to speak English
Oh yes I forgot the Italian names they are very nice sounding too
But props to you for being so polite and open to knowing about it
He got his credit tho in the end
Love from Croatia
Lots of Bosnian Serbs are Serbian citizens
I think it's spelled together -or atleast, that's how the one I knows spells it
Statistics are foggy and they vary by subreddit, but the more legit stats I can find say that somewhere around 1/3 of redditors are female.
What a nice way to say soldiers got hammered
In the full context of WW2 the Winter war is barely a blip.
Grožnjan
We have also found out that my grandma's niece (I think) that lives in Germany has Covid-19 along with her pregnant daughter
So yeah, learning languages is pretty important in Croatia
so decade of no trade deal between UK and EU
It's there to protect the social rights laws.
well since trump wants NATO members to get to 2% spending it is needed anyway
I thought we could try something different and share ethnic ancestry trees, mine is kinda predictable though
I loved them
So - here's a crazy suggestion - instead of destroying SME in this insane quest to get at Facebook, Google, etc - how about the EU actually push for a single digital market
Then again, maybe people here don't go into Porn because we get fucked by out governments on a regular basis
Is zmij a viper or a snake tho
Zagreb was capital city since then
Hungarian side was dominant in that relationship, but most of our shared history consists of fighting Ottomans side by side, so while there was some bad history between us, the majority was not bad
Or Albert Speer and [Cathedral of light]
A huge flaw in human thinking is anthropomorphization.
Free Catalonia, support from Croatia
Not true that only two societies treat non residents
Sorry I just read the title of the post, saw Religion education and started ranting
Yep, I usually skip breakfast or eat something from a bakery around 10 or 11
Hahahaha oke I like how you added “In Serbia” so the teacher doesn’t notice you copied
Can you break it down for me please
Fucking hell
This will just make Breitbart more popular as it will be seen as an underdog being slapped by corporations and "The Man".
Non-urban Germany is always a pretty sight.
lol
The Croatian Peasant and Citizen Guard - a HSS paramilitary organization - formed the backbone of Ustaša rule in the first few weeks after the occupation
You will into space one day
Show me a single country that is not heavily in debt
In ultrices rutrum nisi eget iaculis
I have never been there, so I can't really confirm
Almost same is true for us and Slovenians.
If you look up the details, at its peak the Croatian military had around 90 000 active personnel so the 500 000 people is really inflated
Didn't you benefit from the compromise of 1868?
Gibonni-Libar
It is considered that you are an important and successful person if you can spend a large part of your daily work drinking coffee in a local pub that usually has a terrace because the point is to be seen
But most known is probably tie
I just hope this won’t result in a the wedge in society
Just don't go to main tourist places if you like peace
The number of people that live outside Croatia is almost the same as the number of people that live inside Croatia and growing
McDonald's is much more prevalent with its 36 restaurants countrywide
Ukranian is pretty easy along with Russian and Belarusian I would rather read
remember that time when they all were saying:
People usually just exclaim "pas mater"
If you're willing to scale back consumption and pick what you're going to blow your money on more carefully, you'd have more time off
It's more than enough for Eastern European countries - Poland, Czech Republic, Hungary, Croatia.
And in 1918-19 it was an all-round chaos that had elements of civil war(s) as well, and Latvians at least were over-represented among the Bolshevik forces.
Because they weren't in the EU
I mean obviously
Afaik, they haven't really changed their mind
I said that the standards are the same.
Rail track from Varaždin to Lepoglava is not connected to Zagreb-Krapina rail track
Apart from the real pensioners there is I think around 500 000 of people that get their pension because they were in the war
Next up, reduce the Council's power, and make it simply an upper house of the EU parliament, akin to the US system with Representatives (allocated broadly by population size) and Senators (allocated equally among all states)
NATO already had a plan to bomb JNA back in 1991.
No one liked him so this was a victory for everyone, be it Serbians or all neighbours
Some people have one in the countryside, some on the coast.
I wonder if Vucic will kiss the Croatian flag
They aren't your parents
Then again, given Dalmacija is a tourist destination, maybe they're showing off their pride
Because we're such good people so we waited until you catch up with us.
Yes please
"High school"
The problem is a plumber from Bulgaria and one from Denmark do pretty much the same quality job.
- King Tomislav (the first Croatian king)
What you're referring to is Paris proper which has 2
True, but whenever I feel sad I remember the US and everything seems better
This is just bullshit lol
Many Croats debunked him right away but don't know why OP is so salty tbh ...
The notion of war is silly, neither Croatia nor Serbia can afford it
When she sees an empty plate, she asks me 3 times do I want more
Aside from technical jargon, english is not really used in everyday talk (even if english words are introduced, they are "croatized" and adapted eg we created frend for male and frendica as female friend from original english unisex friend)
Me being 185 cm tall man am average hight here
Wikipedia is more than a bit off it's rocks.
Arriving ?
>Not sure if Malta or Dubrovnik
I always thought we have 0 chill as stubborn, hot-headed Balkaners
It takes some time to learn how things work, and some things by memory because they seemingly have no rules, but I personally love it
* You have [Seselj who burns a Croatian flag] in the middle of a city and doesn't get arrested.
While breathing the fucking smog from cars the whole day
And what’s difficult with buying or renting apartments that you need to learn in school
Croatia is EU member and I don't see data about it
Or maybe discriminated against, disadvantaged in some ways compared to Croats?
Internet, social media, economic crisis, immigration crisis
Nunc accumsan turpis nec vestibulum vulputate
It is obvious in the case of Austria and Hungary too, considering their population.
They seemed to have the work ethic/organization of a western European country, but Slavic chillness and friendlieness
" Great show of statesmanship
Never thought a name of a Finnish city would come from a Slavic word
Yes, I see that he's pushing for other - IMO better - scenarios.
This is exactly what we need right now.
Hungary: die (I feel like I have to put an obvious disclaimer that this is a joke given our history together
All our economic advantage was erased, and we were even reduced back to the seventies
Nope, it makes the matter cheaper, no red tape and no pussyfooting around EU racism.
Kajkavian is new language as well.
The hotel air conditioning was so bad that I thought it was broken (it wasn't).
Yugoslavia was in a free fall in 90s and if it still was today it would be much worse to live in than in cro or slo.
There was very little interaction between North Africa and Europe
We had the same problem in 1990's.
* it was one of the first states to use [quarantene]
"Croatia
We had 1 642 474 people in the labor force in 2015, the notion of all these people being illegal is nonsense, how would the country gather all those taxes anyways?
Some words have no meanings or similarities to our own.
- Stjepan Radić (fighter for equality of Croats in the Kingdom of Yugoslavia)
&#x200B;
Cairo is crazy
Less corruption, better organisation
Older people like him more, younger don’t.
It's like when that british lady jumped off from a cruiser that was on the italian-croatian sea border lol
I'm not an expert but I think the time period it was built in
JNA as a whole was far from capable, as it showed in 1991.
I understand why, but Poland is with every new story only lower and lower in my eyes
If you are looking for something a bit more conventional here's Atomsko [Skolinšte] and  [Parni Valjak]
Varaždin used to be capital of Croatia until the big fire torn it down
Otto von Habsburg settled in the US after France fell, and lobbied vigorously on behalf of Austria with the Allied leaders
Slavonia: left to Germany a long time
ecause the way people here, including you, talk,
Shouldn't there be meat in the sauce on the right to call it bolognese?
Also, it's quite short, only 10 minutes
For those who can read it: /r/spisak
Everything from food and art to architecture, law, business and education has been condensed in to a few major groups
I came back to Croatia from Germany recently too, unfortunately not willingly but rather due to COVID-19
Sure, Ireland was neutral - I never refuted that
In gymnasiums, Latin is also mandatory subject.
Nothing about it would be illegal if you had a deal with the landing option country.
Just curious
Wien, Austria: Like the whole city, really reminded me of my hometown based on architecture, just much much bigger
eh i ja sam mislio da je dio dijalekta, profesorica iz hr nas sada muci s time pa moramo znat
I had a Bulgarian friend say to me that we should own Bosnia because the border fits so frustratingly well
The silly thing is that most of their "arguments" about WW2 are complete nonsense.
That reminds me of a movie ...
who deserves to (or would) be hanged.
Forces from Serbia achieved military victory in the part of Croatia they were involved in.
Scorchio
Not to mention that a Mediterranean diet is much more healthy as those hot spices are risk factor for stomach cancer
And I can find similarities between them and 14 year olds in my League games
I say Budapest with an "s" but I know it is supposed to be a "sh" sound
Even tho he's busting his ass off mixing concrete on the building site the whole day
Of course, these being low-wage and low-margin industries, it
No matter the involment and the side in the war
Seeing people laughing about it on facebook makes me wanna punch them through the screen
Zagreb, Sarajevo and Belgrade on the same map
oh yes we are global citizens
I just learned Kinder is from Italy and not from Germany
They dress up as whatever is relevant now, animals, politicians...
Or we all just unite with Italy?
of news that criticize EU or certain candidates in upcoming elections that are being marked as fake news and policed on social media like facebook by a group with a strong bias towards one political view like snoopes
I study english and have to say that that's completely not true
I've heard a few people say "idem gdje se i najhrabriji useru". Translated: I'm going where even the bravest shit themselves
Most of the taken money was used for repairing buildings of his loyalists and administration
The bucket he took was previously used to feed pigs
Semmel - žemlja
Interesting thing is, I have never met someone from Serbia in person that wasn't a totally cool person that doesn't give two shits about these topic
But it's true that people in ex-Yu countries, especially in Slovenia and Croatia, don't like to be associated with that word because they feel they historically and culturally don't belong there.
History, cousine, coast(*cough, cough*), culture, we are both Slavs
It's sad really
We had a guy run for president who wanted to declare Croatia a corrupt zone and make corruption available to everyone (obviously a joke)
How would you describe Aarhus
Kurac is pp, kita is vagane, both vulgar
People who moved to germany (especially older people since it's kinda archaic state of mind) like to buy a german car (audi, bmw or mercedes) and then show off when they come back to their village
Ofc it doesn't, but at least it would take his complacent smile off his face
He's still at his stuff
God doesn’t like us
Cons: very high corruption rate and low wages both of which led to brain drain, conservative, overly complicated administration, slow and unreliable public transport (especially trains)
Just gotta comment on your edit.
Also you have way more than 5 vowel sounds
Ode to Joy, played in Istrian scale on Istrian sopile
Nowadays, most of it has been refurbished and renovated
Thus the local dialects faded away
Prosinac is name for December in Croatian.
American poverty and criminals
My theory that could be wrong is it's popular because most people in western europe or good percentage of it is renting their flat
Can we get a world download
Perhaps you should focus more on your eastern parts than on the western parts :x
You forgot to mention their **roads**, 400 000 kilometres of them.
Croatia is disturbingly missing red stars
Last Christmas llama walked in my neigbourhood and I live in Croatia
Many animals are also territorial.
Easy, slovenia
Marriage or at least two parent households.
A much better alternative imo is U boj U boj from the Nikola Šubić Zrinski opera
Happy birthday
At Norway’s Polar Park, go nose-to-nose with grey wolves
Formally, VdL had nothing to do with that council and its conclusions
not to mention the English sign is written "AIRPORT FRANJO TUĐMAN", when afaik the name should be before airport, like "LaGuardia airport" or "John F.
What about Bosnia, Serbia, Macedonia and Montenegro?
In an ideal situation, a constitutional monarch is a living, breathing avatar of both the state and the nation, embodying centuries or millenia of history and tradition
* Zagorje: drunkards even by the countries standards (and we drink a lot)
You Italians keep forgetting that Vatican is a country
Buy I bet most people would choose Austria
Such a weird city, but I guess the Luftwaffe is to blame for that.
We have it all calculated by the state (employers pay it)
These people of Croatian-Maori descent are referred to as Tarara, and Tarara Day is celebrated on March 15th
So naturally you could understand the Serbs aggression towards Croats in 90s.
Montenegro- Yay
Thanks to Belgium for the saxophone, I play it and I love it
There are plenty of people who dont mind loud talking
And it's not like Gavrilo Princip was working alone, there were other members of the organization on the streets of Sarajevo waiting for a chance to assassinate the prince, but Gavrilo Princip was at the right place when the car stopped.
Flat is never "truly" owned because you can't edit a lot of stuff.
Off top of my head I can only remember [The Battle of Algiers]
I don't know actually nobody speaks about us
It would have taken 3 more years and cost millions more lives
Firstly, yes, that is why the import theory is currently being propagated, but apart from that connection, there is basically no evidence for it cming from India.
We have it oficially as "sušilo za kosu" (hair dryer), but unoficially use "fen".
5 with a car(something like 230 km)
If you wanted to say "that's a shame" you would use "šteta".
Also another dude also wrote for Croatia the battle of Krbava against the Ottomans so he explained it well too
sorry Belgium
Yeah I bet that's an awesome experience
Nullam nec sapien nec orci finibus auctor vulputate at quam
Indeed, though I’m always really cautious with any such comparisons
I haven't seen it on the big portals front pages
Istria non existent, 8
What are solar panels currently being exposed to or what do you imagine they are going to be exposed to, that would require them being so durable as to withstand cars and trucks constantly driving over them?
of course not it is because you know its better to have one then not.
Usually averaged over a day, or certain part of the day
you never vote for Germany in Eurovision?
Croatia is with you ️
I didn't know they were so rare, good to know, I'm going to save it.
[Bijelo Dugme - Ako ima Boga]
Is that just beacuse of the economy or something else
There are ethnic tension that last from the fall of Yugoslavia, some want to seceed (dk how to spell that word), a lot of corruption (newest case i remember hearing is when a patient with corona was released because he's something to a person with a high position, either in hospital or state, can't remember)
[Tbh I prefer this one.] It's important that Turkey stays a candidate!
Šteta što su ti mozak amputirali, al jbg svako ima neku manu
They didn't exist 1000 years ago.
We could've frozen it at any point and said "we have enough" but then what are you going to do
a fellow dotes-playing linguist croatian
I feel like almost everyone here rides only mountain bikes
I feel like you're describing the most primitive people, creme de la creme of every turbo folk club in the region
I think in vast majority of cases this refers to alcohol and drugs numbing down a person to a point where they're basically asleep awake, incapable of resisting or trully passed out.
Our public debt is unsustainable, but growing.
pls, take us out of our misery
my fellow redditor, and you arguments are bad at best its like you are saying better stay indoors because you are at greater risk of dying outside.
I came to exchange in france
Not a good feeling to be woken up on a Sunday at 6:20am by glass shatering and facades falling apart
I prefer older, historical places, small towns, I'm really glad I live in Europe, so most interesting places are close
︎bilijarda (10^15 ) = Quadrillion
The concathedral is very tall being second tallest in Croatia after Zagreb(currently tallest since the Zagreb cathedral suffered from earthquakes) and is a gothic style cathedral
People who moved to germany (especially older people since it's kinda archaic state of mind) like to buy a german car (audi, bmw or mercedes) and then show off when they come back to their village
Yeah that surprised me too
USA has done 25M tests in total, which is around 77k tests/1M people
Every time there's a reddit thread about things people don't want to hear: "Other have it worse" is always at or near the top.
Historically, strong Germany is UKs nightmare and strong Russia is USs.
Well I'm a big fan of Montalbano series, and usually Italians in that series call us Slavs
It is also way easier to simply say Serbian if you speak the "ekavica" dialect or Croatian if you use the "ijekavica" dialect.
If they would start to complain just call them Nazis
There are but it's still too much for me.
Oh sweet, I'd like to take Tunis.
Even tho he's busting his ass off mixing concrete on the building site the whole day
Jesus
The worst part is that we don't feel safe at home anymore, but we can't go out because of the corona
If anybody is interested in the comparison of live before and now
And then they vote for the guy with a *gold-plated* hotel?
Just don’t say anything about the early to mid 90’s and it’ll be fine
Go back to 1683 to witness the last charge of winged hussars, the biggest cavalry charge in history
But as a simple pleb, I just think the Kuna is more practical
Magyarization was also one of the main reasons why Croatia sided with the Crown in 1848.
Tbh I'm not very familiar with the area.
shock humor is also popular
Oce to tako kod nas u Hrvatskoj
[USMC scout snipers]( Are they a nazi unit?
Two of the most popular Christmas songs with religious lyrics: [Narodi nam se kralj nebeski] , [Radujte se narodi]
From Croatia
Here is what *Cambridge history of Russia* says about power structure in early 12th century:
Now our only goal is to find a country as easily bribable
We really missed a chance to modernise and change the flag to something that says we're a young nation, looking forward
To me both don't make any sense
The main riff has a lot of similarities with traditional croatian folk songs and it keeps a very "national" vibe
This is exactly what you voted for."
Think that is Croatian, as and other slavic languages, very efficient, because can say same amount of information in less words
Croatia is 100% true
Čoko burek masterrace
Except Nis does not has roots from the Slavic language, so no it does not translate to nuffin.
[At least 3 Euronet ATMs] in Slovakia, there probably other non-bank ATMs
When I googled etymology of the word šalabahter, šalabakter was written in parentheses next to it
But I agree on the rest
I'd say Dubrovnik, when compared to the rest of Croatia and its coastal towns in particular.
Strongest one in 140 years
Asking for
Dont get me wrong, I feel more connected to Ukraine then Russia and I am really sorry for the things that are happening in your country, but Serbian people in general are not like you portreyed them to be
Hmmm, what would be the murder rate for just the south
Interspar is the best German store, not Lidl
You are, without doubt, a part of the worst thing about England
Greeks rarely ever used slaves for rowing, that only became popular with the Ottomans.
No, we are wasting tens of billions on unemployable refugees while the USA is importing only the useful ones.
I guess I understand why people don't like it from a language learner's perspective
Fun fact: our notes were designed based on DM
They had the sea side to transfer troops and supplies towards Germany in case of war.
When I explain where Croatia is to someone who doesn’t know, I say we’re “the southernmost part of central Europe, you know where’s Italy
Because we are in the EU our medical professionals have a tendency of leaving the country for better pay and work conditions
Thank you Slovenia for not hating us
For the tram, [this is the best photo I could find] It's the driver in the middle and then like a tinted glass wall behind him.
means "Up there the mountains are burning worse"
It snowed \~3x but collectively it might have been \~6h of snow total
I think people using national unifications of Italy and Germany and Francization of minority languages in France as examples of how regional identities would disappear are totally missing the point
It's basically like this: strong accent in the original - Dalmatian dubbed/ "cool" or "teenlike" - Zagreb/ fancy - standard Croatian with the perfect pronunciation
Currently maybe but not without all the Stuff the USA did for us during and after WW2.
Ok it seems official but how do you know it's photoshopped?
There are also bases in Greece, Romania Bosnia etc.
My great-grandpa was in the partizani in ww2
more than few times
Funnily enough, the very next day he was late again and it turned out the tram he was in actually caught on fire and had to be evacuated
Even people with steady income jobs move away simply because of salary/work conditions
"Dž" is also spelled with multiple letters but seen as one and pronounced as one
Hungary was more prominent during the late medieval era, with all the Hungarian, German and French kings and dynasties and stuff, but Austria actually had more prominence after the Habsburg monarchy (16th century), around the time the Ottomans turned up (not to mention that we generally always kind of favored Austria over Hungary)
Well in usual terminology we call it: **Sveto rimsko carstvo** -Holy Roman Empire
He was quite liked by the Americans and by Roosevelt himself especially
For now I'd focus on unifying our foreign relations and defence, hopefully completely
I don't get how we got 21 million visits last year
Why are your minorities considered as "bad" over there ?
That particular mix seems statistically less prone to criminal activity, but I see what you mean.
Eastern Europe is now a legitimate market for EU goods
Pička and piće are quite diff but I can only speak for my own language
Iirc the Serbian football team coach said: "Why can't you play like the Croats
I don't agree with him because they did attack Croatia and Bosnia after all and this fact alone makes them already the aggressor.
Wish we in Croatia managed to group up over these things
I didn't mean it as being exlusive, also i was too tired to write an essay about the cultural similarities with european culture etc
Thing is, Austria gets used as a synonym for the various forms the Habsburg imperial constructs took over time, so that's why people think of "Austria" when they think of "number of times thing is mentioned in history class". But realistically, we learn very little about Austria proper, instead focusing on the Habsburgs themselves, and the deep effect that being part of their holdings had on us
I who's official job description was warehouse worker should know every single thing about every item being sold in a giant store, rather than you simply educating yourself on what you want to buy
Croatia : Picigin
It actually changed hands a lot, and often when England and Scotland were at war the declarations also had to clarify whose side Berwick was on at the time
I'd say most younger people smoke it every now and then
(joke)
Also, probably online banking has huge role in this, for example in my family 90% pays bills manually, only few of them does it via some app or something
Other than that, you use a car to awkwardly move it
Because they had to spread revolution across the  whole world which isnt really easy
People generally, if they know where and for who you work, can assume how much you earn
I rarely stumble on some regional content on the internet without seeing comments about the war, whose politicians are crazier, or who does Tesla belong to
Does anyone know if Sicilian Ragusa and Ragusa in Croatia (ancient name for Dubrovnik) share etymological history?
Is slovenian really the least similar
Tariffs are huge and tickets are too expensive
her niece and France's youngest MP
He could have stopped WW2 by letting Germany win WW1.
This is really impressive
In that case i wouldnt have to move then
I dont think that theres big difference between young people indulging in alcohol anywhere
We had a lot of immigrants who were hurt illegaly crossing our country and they received instant care without any payment
However, I'm sure that most people still prefer it instead of american-like system
"That place is far away" = "Ma to ti je tamo negdje u pički materini"
By your logic those Serbs must be islamist terrorists.
To me, personally, it'd be weird if someone from Serbia, Bosnia or Montenegro tried to use some of the exclusively Croatian words that exist in our language
I don't like it at all
don't raise 3 fingers and yell "THlIS IS SERBIA", you will just get fucked up
He's viewed as bringing modern infrastructure and liberty to Croatia so we kinda adore him
As much as some nationalists would hate to admit it, it's either Bosnia or Serbia
These CRT TV's draw a lot of power though.
Guess me and the boss need to have a talk
That is one big Croatia on that map.
[BOA - Svi tvoji poljupci]
The problem with CO is that it's very hard to notice until it's too late...
Belka is more likely the white one
" is all a delusion
The most liberal parts in Croatia are Zagreb and the area around Istria and Kvarner (the northern coast).
People in India are delusional, but delusional in a good way.
That's the stuff that allowed for explosive growth when we reached a fairly decent level of development.
Same in Croatia
also ca
I'm not saying how it is, I'm saying how it should be
Swords
My point is that 1 anonymous person sharing an obscure misinformation which even if true would be irrelevant is insignificant.
Turns peaceful people into a raging inferno
I think its same in all of europe
Haha to je u mojoj državi, ne vidiš to svaki put
With a wooden clad
Not all but quite a few points you made here's here are already being done in a lot of modern democracies
once they leave the EU, following their politics would be just as ridiculous as following Chilean politics
I'm level B2-ish as I studied it in school for 9 years, but it feels like I need an MSc to understand someone from Schwaben
Finnish, more vowels the better it sounds
EU is more stable than US so try not to drink that Fox news propaganda.
When the smoking ban hit our country, some tv reporters found a surgeon on a smoking break in the hospital general area
Seriously Swedish has the exact same sentence structure and grammar as English and a lot of shared vocabulary
I don't expect foreign schools to teach about Croatian history
Croatia
“The most Ukrainian of Russian regions: Crimea"
One of our cities um
And they are dragging the country down for decades
But he publicly admitted
Make Europe as popular as NASA
Lobbying
We laughed it off in the end
Uhh
Its a great song and I think it should be our anthem
maybe because a pretty coast doesn't mean that much to me :D
But that's just depending on what you're used to
Yeah man I love them
They get no real education there and a diploma from there is almost useless, but it's not like they really need it anyway.
The same as in English, Sveto Rimsko Carstvo
Or in coastal areas for the day trip to tbe beach
I have yet to see altright attack someone but I have already seen those that claim to be liberal and leftist to attack people and burn cars ;) just because they voted for Trump
Istria actually gets more visitors as the other reply said but Dubrovnik itself gets a bunch and Istria as a whole gets more
You only even find mentions of it as "Špansko selo" (Serbian) and never "Španjolsko selo" (Croatian)
Furthermore [Jean-michel Nicolier] is probably the most famous modern day Frenchman in here
It's always gold when both of our shit countries get into a slap fight over the most stupid things.
Which one is about wars and fights
A body was found latley in one of the houses
While killing a bunch of people
I feel like that's not really true
They also bribe half the political apparatus in the West, especially in US, UK, France and Germany.
There is much more difference between three Croatian dialects than between standard Croatian, Serbian and Bosnian.
In simpler terms English/1st foreign language is 3rd most important subject
For example, in Yugoslavia existed the companies that produced the same product that would compete
d) one of the first states to [have officially recognised the US]
They do seem practical and I love the fact that the plates are bound to the car for its lifetime, but other than being practical, I see no real difference or usefulness between Irish plates and some totally random numbers/letters
Like a whole new generation while.
Do you consider only hot spice as spice
Haha
I'm currently modding Morrowind because of you :D
“Slobode koji nema, taj o slobodi sanja”
But I really dont know the official rule
Calling it water, kinda diminishes it's importance
There's a reason why after WW1 you named your country [German Austria] and the allies forced you to change the name, there's a reason the treaty of Versailles had to forbid you from joining Germany
First thing out new president did was visit Slovenia
For now I'd focus on unifying our foreign relations and defence, hopefully completely
Jesus, I'm so bloody sad now
Even if they know English they refuse to speak it and will rather try to fight you.
I feel I could get in a lot of trouble
He doesn't care about how bad the pandemic is, how many people will die, or how many world countries will suffer socioeconomicallly from the outbreak
Your absolute wealth doesn't matter, because you're only comparing yourself to the guy with the Ferrari and your biggest fear is being the last guy on the street who's still too poor to afford one
Yeah hahah like *"Dvadeset"* (20) becomes *"dvaest"* or *"dvajst"*.
Big port city
Samo daj
I found this article
(I just want to note that I'm speaking from my experience
Just don't let them renew licences after they hit 65 or so and give them free public transit
Food companies add that they are simply adapting to tastes in different markets.
Use any metric you want
Yugoslavia at that time had a huge rock scene that still people today listen
Our people managed to convince the entire human species that not only is tying a rope around your neck a reasonable idea, but an unavoidable fashion item.
Why isn't Yugoslavia in the database
I felt this
It's not exactly a political statement
i=and
So they will make money for owners anyway
Pecs Hungary or Sombor Serbia not really sure where to go first
Homeland (?) war
I guess it's just because our earthquakes are comparatively rare and not that devastating, at least when you compare to the Pacific Ring of Fire, or the bigger problems we have with floods and forest fires.
We don't remove the Kebap we just want to keep them away from Western- europe like Austria and Poland.
The rich make more profit and pay less tax and then they buy more properties/shares
Serbia was the reason for every single war in the region except the conflict between Macedonia and Albania.
Tbh i'd pick the gavrilo princip thingy but then again, i have no idea what happened with bulgaria
If I really, really try I can usually get the basic gist of what someone is trying to tell me in Slovenian.
Well, obviously
I relly don't like UKIP, but one fucking seat, and a Tory defector at that, for an 8th of the population and over 300 for under 2/5th's is fucking bullshit.
We have evening show, News Bar Prime Time.
This is the first I'm hearing it.
but im sure noone thought croatia would be at the turn of the millenium
You're the people who thought giving immigrants money to go back home wouldn't be abused.
• let - flight
"shall you get fucked by a block of ice" doesn't roll off the tongue that well
Yeah, we were looking into purchasing of new or second hand fighters for years now.
Hot take they are not
FWIW random internet people got the feels for Portuball?
if you appropriate the language of the far-right
Technology (smartphones in particular) has made it far easier to track and contain dissent.
Istria
I hear the biggest difference in the accent (serbian being much stronger and harsher, at least to my ear), vocabulary (nouns tend to be different and the names for things, places and people), suffisex (exmp
Most parents stay for their own gathering
Yes, ''Holandija'' is something we would use for the Netherlands only when acting silly around friends, speaking in Serbian or Bosnian accent.
Do they eat stuff when you offer them?
Croats have emmigrated (and still emmigrate) to various countries, mostly the US, Germany and more recently to Ireland but it's a little known fact that Punta Arenas, one of the most southern cities in the world has a significant croatian population
when did they took it to build wooden boats
I agree, but lets imagine a country, say Croatia, or Hungary or Serbia decides to send army and have 0 entries policy.
If you wanna see more on the subject, there is a popular Serbian movie called *Parada* (The Parade) released in 2011
But there's just so much about you
Croatian: Worsened (because of the "black lives matter" riots, not the covid-19 situation)
Don't ruin my proud corny Croatian dad joke
Kind of and kind of not cause he took the Ragusa Republic down
We really missed a chance to modernise and change the flag to something that says we're a young nation, looking forward
[Ah, the jolly warlord of the Caucasus]
tbh I'm only half-jokingly hoping for Anschluss :<
Woohoo, i can get to vienna in 4 hours
Was far more common 15-20+ years ago
The ottoman army demanded they pass trough the Croat territory without conflict
Man it really turned into Half Life 2
Good luck tracing which anti vaxxer gave you the flu a month before
You think Poland will take over Germany in importance
Withehaed was financing and working together with Ivan Luppis, so first torpedos were called Luppis-Whitehead
Thanks man
And this artists:
Well I love it
It has to, otherwise it's another war in the Balkans.
First that came to mind is this one from Serbia, it was published before their election earlier this year and made news even in Croatia: [Beogradski sindikat - Sistem te laže] (btw, nothing happened, the same person won almost 50% of the vote).
Also the occasional nuggets of EU news and news from other countries
Now, it's true the politicians like to stir up shit, and the 90s were a bad period, but the connections between our countries remain strong and if a Bosnian, Croat and Serb met somewhere in Western Europe, it's much more likely they would befriend each other than people of other nationalities, and help out each other
Many people in Croatia definitely have sympathies, because of that
It is called [Institut za hrvatski jezik i jezikoslovlje]
Because, you know, we have still to climb to those GDP per capita levels...
First of all, PC culture isn't even a thing in mainstream Dutch politics.
" unfortunately
I stayed after that in the company for another year and finally I decided to quit and move one to something better I found
The game is actually stupid, there's no winner or anything, all you had to do is to keep it spinng by hitting it with your finger and whoever fails has to put their fist against the wall and the rest of us would shoot a coin at it
The Croatian Language Portal (Hrvatski jezični portal) says that it comes from French "pique" which means supposedly means "tip of a spear". I don't know how true it is but it is the only thing I could find
Mauris eget nibh porttitor, hendrerit nisl at, dictum enim
Didnt the greeks started this shit ?
It has some drawbacks, but I doubt that is an insurmountable obstacle for joining EU
But this doesn't make them western Slavs
Although the voice actor could be the same in some of them.
Has a pretty nicely preserved Amphitheater right in the city's center, and tons of relatively impressive Austro-Hungarian military architecture - it was the main Imperial and Royal naval base, and the surrounding system of defensive fortifications bears witness to that
> “However the Ustashe never received massive support from ordinary Croats
"Better sometime than never" self explanatory
Surely, there are guns used and are (semi)legal in countries like Croatia (where I am from), Switzerland etc but we agree on the context in which they are used
What he has done
In Bosnia for example, the plates are made random on purpose, because some cantons over there are basically *in war* and having clear identifier visible on your car could lead to some bad situations
Thanks for the explaination
No it doesn’t. It’s much deeper and more complex than that
what is ljubljana called after then?
Because it wasn't something you "paraded around" back then.
No it isn't.  The name "Scott" would in Serbian be pronounced *skaat* (like the *ska* in the music band "Ska-P", with a short *t* at the end)
t they are not buying the same product they expect to buy, as the branding and labelling hide that from them.
I'd either get something that went with the theme of the subject or whatever else I thought looked cute
I can't sleep unless I completely draw the blinds, to the point I'm basically hermetically closed.
The people exercise power by electing their representatives and direct decision-making
Gonna answer for more countries at once:
My mom grew up right on the border.
It helps that I read a lot, and waiting to get most books in translated edition is ... terrible
Moraš staviti željeznu žlicu u juhu od mrkve.
2) split down religious and ethnic lines
Also it is Croatian victory day today :D
Whenever I do some building, repairing or just about any kind of work around house, I hear the theme music in my head.
What people don't know is that already the Vikings used this smithing technique
See shit like the bus mentioned in the article.
I took itnfrom here:
EDIT: Tbh Europe getting fucked up doesn't sound so bad after reading these comments
We're on pretty good terms with Macedonia and Albania.
Honestly 'vasara' sounds like it'd fit right into our language
Breakup of Czechoslovakia would not be so peaceful in this alternate universe
As if Russia would send their own army to win, what, some empty mountains with no coast?
Why wouldn't it be
you mean like č and ć?like doesnt the product packeging litterly say č
Pršut
And to be honest, I wouldn't hold it against you if you did block us, it's been almost a friggin decade for you guys (and only a few months for us)
It is THEIR last name, they choose how they want it to be pronounced
I think they make the best ones in Sarajevo
not under 25C for sure and even then I'll reconsider if it's windy
It used to be cool to have their theme song as a tune on your cellphone when I was in the elementary school.
You can question their validity of course, but [what OP submitted is in there.]
It still makes very little sense to me as in Croatia it is mandatory to have one I believe when you turn 16 but, you can get it any time before that (babies can have them)
I've never seen any in inland Croatia, but they're all over the coast
Well yes Slavonia can't compare with Dalmatia in beauty only in cuisine(Slavonia has far better food-change my mind) but yes some places are worth a visit especially geothermal springs and castles whom are also in Slavonia but also in Zagorje
Maybe it's like a coping mechanism for the shock of the experience beforehand
And some parts are closer to Czech rep or Slovakia than anything, but country as whole not really.
Germans are strange, hard to live amongst
For christ sake, went several times to paris, walked the northern parts
While ridiculously high number of Croats identify as Catholics, the word of Catholic church is (still) not the law in Croatia (though they're fighting for it).
Regarding slavonia, i'm not sure about the rest of croatia but istrians arent big fans od them
Yeah you absolutely could, but considering how our shitty politicians would absolutely never give up a political position, where they can put their people to spread their ideology and secure their interests, for a non-political Monarch.
There would be videos of it everywhere, UN, EU, refugee organizations and human rights groups would eviscerate that country's government.
Get the job done and go home eat sarma.
They were Emu collaborators
It's not just simple passivity though, HSS just turned its coat and gave its massive party apparatus over to the Ustaše, together with the bureaucracy of the Croatian Banovina
There is a legend about the Croatian checkered coat of arms, the flag is just pan-Slavic colors.
You can put Bosnian where ever you want mate, he's a sturdy fellow.
I know a lot of commies from there
Paying a few billion Euros to help maintain a 20 trillion Euro market is a steal
I thought Slovenia is right after us.
I think that you are confusing serbian politicians with serbian people
Probably [St
We are losing all the young educated and non educated people.
Bulgarian food is fucking amazing, you must be weird.
When I went to Vienna I met up with a friend there that took me to all the non-touristy places around the city and I had a great time but in the end I still had a craving for doing something cliche and touristy so I went to Cafe Sacher
I used Symbian phone before my Android, and didn't switch until it stopped working
We call you Mađarska so it doesn't sound that stupid to me
No, it wasn’t. It wasn’t free, wasn’t recognized, and didn’t even encompass whole Cro as they sold Dalmatia off
I did something extremely stupid one time (really insanely stupid).
These threads never fail to amaze me, truly
Sorry, you didn't protect it in the European Commission as an autochthonous Slovenian joke.
*What have the Brits ever done for us?*
They would rather die than go to work.
there are a lot of definitions for eastern europe and only eurovac classifies croatia as a part of eastern europe.
* Slavonija: hardworking people, empty fields, tons of emigration
I don't mind people saying ''spasiba'' to me.
We use mostly Italian and German ones
Wtf
I've lived there for a year when i was studying and i had enough
Idk really our flag is pretty neat already tho I would change its proportions to be much longer like the one in Knin(   ) so we have the longest flag and it would be cool anyway
Janja - Croatia
Almost 32 years thats seriously depressing but not super suprising
Oh yeah, that's fucking annoying
I couldn't find any HD pics using reverse image search
to je zapravo parada samo u Zagrebu, jer idu nekom rutom ne znam tocno kojom
Ruining plans since 1300s.
So the most spoken second languages are German in the majority and Italian in the minority
Nope, at least not that I know of.
You can't even have the concept
That is not really the case in my opinion.
It sure isn't UK
[Slobodan Praljak] during the war in the 90s
Hey, why do you have Croatian and Slovenian flag and Istria in your flair
Wait, so the leading Imam calls for government watch over Islamic radicalization, and the Prime Minister refuses?
That's some r/DesignPorn material right there
Zagreb, Sarajevo and Belgrade on the same map
Holy shit lets become fucking irrational and destroy ourselves What thE fuck
For example, if I go to Slovenia, I can talk on Croatian and people will understand me and if they speak on Slovenian, I can understand them.
you a Serb or Montenegrin
A shit, shouldn't have said anything
Would you prefer to return to the pre-tie, [collar world]
> but do windows computers and androids even connect to each other
Knowing of [Oliver Mlakar] in Croatia is a question of basic general knowledge
Mostly around the border with Serbia and in larger cities, such as Zagreb
I was talking about land crossing.
Yes, both is refrigerated at shops and at home
Unpopular opinion: I'm saving my pitchforks until I see how the whole thing will work in practice, 2 years from now when it becomes law
Were gonna free Romania, innit Delboy
But for real, the 2nd president of independent Croatia (Stjepan Mesić) also agreed to have presidential powers limited, and even argued for that move
Banitza, shopska salata, tarator, shkemebe chorba (sp?) and the different kinds of grilled meats were probably my favorites.
I like joking and seeing jokes on Americans
Only those who turn 18 that year?
&#x200B;
A hog with very little piglets in august
they even have shrines for their "heroes" and pm's pay homage there
• do - to
It would have also lasted 3 more years and cost millions more lives
Nowadays you can see it in almost any social media post and articles criticising government or system in general
Buildings, architecture, etc
There are also fear about ''black face'', to explain, here in Croatia we also have Krampus, Krampus here, follows Saint Nicholas and has black face, he has a black face because he is demon with fur covering his face and he enters through chimneys which stains his face black, but most people only do black makeup over their face, it was not created as racist as we were never a big power, but there are fears that this tradition might be banned or at least pushed  out and replaced with something that western countries deem more appropriate, although this might already have happened since I think very few children today even know about this
Their buildings stand to this day as one of finest in Croatia
EDIT :: first reports of injuries are coming in
Sed semper ipsum lectus, a interdum sapien porttitor nec
Catastrophic in either case
It's the most gimmicky thing ever, and I doubt anyone who lives in Zagreb cares about it, or that anyone has ever really been there
We had exact same thing here in Croatia lol
If anyone then the royal family
And to add to that; a lot of Serbs never say that they are Serbs nowadays; so there's probably more (I mean hey, I'm one lol)
Cooperating despite differences is a lot harder when cultures are very different from each other and it introduces problems that didnt exist before
I MADE A MISTAKE SRY
Charging standard (USB-PD / DASH charge / etc)
First it was Sweden, now Denmark
As someone who moved to Germany last year, this kinda sound like my colleague from Schwaben
This is horrible
but then the rest of us remember that Germany accepted around a million immigrants (or more?
You can see how this can be a point of different believes and views
But I guess it changed the meaning, as it sounds like a diminutive of duck, so it is believed to be named after the Ugly Duckling.
Anyways, we can't shower together because the water i use burns her while i don't even feel it, she can't hold her hand under it while i can easily wash my face, balls, whatever
And yet, go to the other thread and witness 100 comments spitting on Croatia and accusing us of a million things.
Now my body hurts
In cursive, Z looks like backward 3 anyway so the line is not there anyway
Not only, but I wouldn't be surprised if they are a tidy bit overrepresented in that group.
But for really archaic names, pretty much nonexistent in circulation, one must simply look at the catholic calendar with patron saints and pick one (Eleuterije, Krescencije)
European capital of culture, beautiful (tough it needs renovation) city centre, port area, university, unique topography
Asik Veysel
Or perhaps remesdivir with which COVID-19 is treated nowadays
Ex-Yu countries, Ex-AH countries, rest of Balkan countries, Germany, Poland, Ireland
Having soldiers patrolling my streets is inconceivable to me, and I grew up in the Balkans after the war.
In Croatia, I am used to pretty much everything being open from 8 to 20 on week days, with shops and stores working entire saturdays and even sundays for most of the time
YOUR TOWELS ARE WAITING FOR YOU!
But if they were starving-poor, they'd go to the soup kitchens.
Inland is full of former industrial towns where the single employing industry collapsed/bankrupted/left and/or war happened and now they are just depressing
Reasons: criminal privatisation, war, massive theft from ruling party (mostly HDZ), general incompetance of politicians, 25 years of crony capitalism, etc...
Ah yeah, you're right about that
The pokemon tazos brought so much memory to me now, wow
I don't own a car, i don't need one and I don't like driving.
Aww, warms my heart
When the trade centers shifted to the north, things changed
But I agree on the rest
It's also about the environmental impact
Because one would expect that every holder of certain passports has same rights as every other.
Next stop, asking for ketchup on pasta!
HIV-2 can also use CXCR4, but it's less virulent than HIV-1.
Wow I didn't know he said that
(I realize that to some this might sound like I'm a huge douchebag, which is possible
Zabranjena ljubav, a not very good soap opera that ran from 2004 to 2008 plus one more season in 2011, it has a measly total of 805 episodes
Also its not unusual to see people early day drinking beer (it counts as breakfast) while working some hard job
I ate that in some small Croatian town 6 years ago
Well, until now I wasn't even aware of this theory, so I can only say that he technically could have been of Vlach origin, because they did move to that area where Tesla was from.
I also really want to hear La Marseilleaise on F1 podium
Reddit is conservative as hell
By your logic then Slovenians are actually Croatians, does it still make sense to you?
**Zagreb** (800 000), **Split** (200 000), **Rijeka** (150 000)
French influence in Balkans goes deep
I was expecting a cheeky expansion into Rijeka to be honest
Please
But seriously, that's common - "boja trule višnje"
At the same time making Adidas for the German market
We can change our constitution through a national referendum
Croatian has many similiar to Polish
Over here, we have something like a split
Okay, I know who the last president of Austria was and I know that the next one will be either Hofer or Van der Bellen.
If I were to guess the meaning purely going by Croatian meaning of the most similar words, it would be: Old woman gives/gifts food to knight bandit
And it is up to EU to  make an exception or not for Scotland
I go to church one or two times a year, and it's because my mom insist.
Yeah, i'll trust you
Man I feel sorry for you, I always saw governments going after sugar tax as a violation of consumer rights to consume what they want.
From the coast, never used tuka in my life.
I can bet that people in Spain still vote depending on whether their ancestors were republican or monarchist
So, if a Serb is speaking Standard Serbian I could understand them much better than they could me
Nisi ni najbistriji u glavi, pa se trudis
It's not just Serbia that is playing with fire (and Moscow), but also Bosnian Serbs.
Anyways I hope you have a happy new year.
As for Egypt, Mubarak walked free
What is the best place to celebrate new year in Budapest?
This is now an official version.
Or did Stalin do something special
Further to the coast is safer but the other part of the country would be very outshined which is why Zagreb is a perfect location
Absolutely nothing, you only get responsibilities.
And right Serbian nationalist call themselves chetniks all the time o btw I don't get how for home ready offendes anyone ...
Still can't believe people consider \*that\* a sign of intelligence/culture
I believe its the same other way around, you'd come here and be amazed how lazy we are
Aenean sed malesuada tortor
who find it much easier to identify with non-national Istrian identity rather than Croatian one because of our shared history with those groups
This radical new technology allows them to be superimposed over anything and still keep the text legible.
Sometimes I need a 2nd look to notice that "wait, there's no gizmo in the middle".
You are kinda equating ex-Yu with the term which further adds to the confusion
Indians are Hindu Serbs,Turks are Muslim Serbs,Izraelites are Jew Serbs.
We have some border disputes but that's basically it.
Only Russia knew of both of them, and it had all the right to chose.
Disaster, it should be Conchita Wurst.
It felt like someone is shaking my bed really hard
and think about archaic words and you can get the meaning
The government not wanting to piss off Turkey I believe
Well, how else would they practice their lying and stealing skills
Well, 20% of our total GDP comes from Tourism (For example, Germany, France, Greece 4-7%)
I dunno, but there is a lot of people like him commenting pro-GMO stuff in various subs every day for last few years all while claiming they're not paid, it's creepy and incredibly suspicious and I think it even breaks this subreddit rules for pushing agenda.
It's half-half wherever you go in ex-Yu
lel, time for western women to migrate as well.
Dactyloscopy (fingerprint identification), torpedo,  parachute, thermos bottle
Spain is a unitary country and some random region can't just decide to opt out of the country because they don't like paying taxes
With 184 cm I'm below average, but according to this map I'd be above average
Commander: "Tank you are a machine of colossal destruction"
Barcelona - Edinburgh - Vienna - Dubrovnik - Valletta
) . Ije/je are also fairly easy and the only word that is not intuitive to spell is rječnik
The advantage of a lighter blade is speed and maneuverability.
Yeah, choice of country is not a problem.
Austro-Ugarska
I'd love to live in iceland or denmark or norway but i don't want to spend my winters in below freezing temperatures and dark
[Apparently it is derived from Mut.
simply amazing
I'd love to name my kid bjorn but people would just think that i'm a self centered hipster
The second one is something i didnt understand but they said it's basic estonian insult and it goes something like this: "tura lic era pilu minuga e maxa norida".
It always puts me in a good mood when I listen to it
I disagree with you
Hahahaha takvi trenutci su najbolji
We have hundreds of political parties, but only a few are relevant
Others climb mountains in flip flops or go diving without training.
Is the place Voralberg
problem solved
Some of those temperatures seem way too low for Arizona
They are growing in popularity
It has snowed and it melted the very next day
(My family on the coast never told me it happens, I wonder why!
That goes for all sides in the conflict.
But some people do have a problem admitting Croatia existed back then, so instead they keep mentioning Austrian Empire which I find hilarious.
Now go masturbate to your Benito Mussolini.
) too, but not nearly as much as before the war
Nice, I think
i don't think i know anyone who knows the lyircs from this song
They also have a mayor[Milan Bandić] who is quite an astonishing fella
It's surreal
It is kind of hypocritical both are just different sides of the same coin pushing their agenda or their political narrative
Morbi ut laoreet urna, congue fermentum mi
He constantly supports Russia, Trump and is anti-globalist on this sub, do you wonder why?
1 million Euros on [the new cable car] making it one of the most expensive in the world, even more than the luxury Zermatt cable cars with Swarovski jewel decorations
Bosnia should be the primary candidate.
No, thank you, we're full
it's always either religion or race wars
Glava, ramena, koljena i stopala (X2)
Older people often get sick and die after losing a grandson/grandaughter
True, however, if someone from Croatia is immigrating to Denmark, the upfront cost just for renting an apartment can rise to the cost of a smaller new car.
Most - right wing clerical populist, became famous as non-ideological party fighting agaist corruption
It is not acceptable to behave like nothing happened IMO.
With tariffs is $1100
[Neki to vole vruće - California]
But it would be smaller and weaker than NATO currently is
It's kind of funny I know both are just flying things that shoot stuff and electronics are way more imporant today.
Well, it is true that there are still remnants of the far right around, but they are a miniscule number of random unemployed youth that do not really do anything beyond grafiti and nuisance.
Nunc accumsan turpis nec vestibulum vulputate
This is highly localised to the rich parts of Europe and Germany or Sweden or any other destination may want to share the burden, but since the burden is people, they can refuse to be shared.
Japanese woman: "Aha, that's because you turn off the falls now".
We've had several non-white Miss France
If then Scotland decides to vote for independence, the N. Ireland deal is the best transitory state before leaving the UK
Good job remembering all these words
Im from Croatia and this seems like a fun thing to see this summer
Maecenas eget eros leo
c) one of the first states to [ban the slave trade in modern times]
Something like - Are they better at math
Well, that's a shame
Though, granted, Zagreb is probably the largest center of geekdom in the country
You get a saint, you get a saint, everybody gets a saint
And yeah, having the same currency as most of Europe is sensibly the better choice
yeah
That is just a though; I've just gone to the store, Lidl, and Goddamn the toilet paper was all sold out
If you had been to Zagreb you would have noticed that every second building is in yellow Habsburg color.
Sometimes I play pickup basketball with a couple of friends.
Then, I believe, we should have very aggressive campaigns targeting primarily their children but also themselves.
I wouldn't do that in full body armor
I dont have a job, I am in school
he gave away secret information, allegedly gathering information on the times and details of raids against extremists.
Today I can't properly work or study without a dalmatian klapa or a Croatian pop playlist blasting my ears with pure bliss
Extreme leftists and those who directly benefited from his reign do
And your mentor/PI is the person deciding that so you know from the start what you are putting yourself into
[Turns out there's only one
Yes, we have Christmas beer, but mulled wine is far more popular in the festive season
Pumped up kicks
If you close your brows like you are angry or have sun in your eyes you will be stuck with that expression/face
Go buy Nutella in Germany then buy the EXACTLY the same product in eastern europe.
This was my childhood
I am Castille and I offered to let you have independence if you'll leave Aragon's territory alone.
I could keep going about the corruption but it is all just sad really
Inland towns such as Glina or a city like Slavonski Brod where industries didnt really collapse but the city itself is just fucked
You can drive straight through Italy, Spain, Norway, Sweden and Finland for more than 12 hours and still be in the same country
Translation:
"Even a horse would break its leg", used to describe/express how chaotic something is, for example your room
• as - ace
"Even a horse would break its leg", used to describe/express how chaotic something is, for example your room
Cursive
it probably has something more to do with this being a giant civil project made in the honour of the roman gods and then maintained in the of God...
Curabitur finibus justo quis risus fermentum elementum
I mean cmon it's been 1000 years
YES PLEASE
Vinča culture, as Europe's most overlooked ancient civilisation, which had an alphabet and developed machinery way before most others, deserves its own thread
Paying a few billion Euros to help maintain a 20 trillion Euro market is a steal
Students have their cafeterias, in which the food might not traditional (or edible sometimes), but it can get your stomach full for 0
Something needs to change, we are too afraid of being called racists, and xenophobic to protect our home.
and i didn't know it's such a big part of our total energy consumption
So, they live in Croatia, but during the work week they stay (basically live) and work in Slovenia (mostly Ljubljana - the capital)
That anyone tells you, because why would they.
Support for wilders free Netherlands
Bottom line is, we are in this shit together
Yes, but I couldn't find that verb in SKOK's etymological dictionary and he has an impressive and quite extensive list of Croatian words, be it dialectal or archaic.
Fun fact, we actually had a meteor strike 2 months ago
Trump won by a very large margin, while not having a plurality, let alone a majority of the vote.
So it's good to raid from your island, Infidel?
Wow, this surely must be the end of Lukashenko
You'll see them everywhere from state tv (HRT) to their homeland Nova TV
I don't know what the solution is by I know creative industry pushing legislation that would destroy sharing platforms is not the solution
So many young ambitious people, people who wanted to change the world to a better place are not with us because of someone's madness
To be fair, the peace is more do to NATO than the EU
A Croatian that doesn't complain
You can just drive randomly anywhere in Croatia and you will hit a national, regional, nature park or something interesting within minutes
They would sure help
/1905
But outside of going house to house and searching every backyard and field you won't be able to take them away.
I've adjusted it a little bit to use cognates, so it sound a bit odd.
I wanted to disagree with that guy but I can't since everyone on left has same views and supports same things, dang it!
Everyone that I’ve had ties with that got diagnosed with cancer in Croatia was told, “You’ve had a good, long enough life, so no point in trying to treat you
American way of life is not threatened.
Imagine what would have happened if they would have allowed both sides to fight against each other ...
Well, I just answered that question in another thread, so I'll just paste it here
I've seen enough of these around too :)
Cmon bro, Ingrid Antičević Marinović: [
You noticed rather interesting complexity of terminology in, what is considered, the same language group.
You are just karma farming off of a tragic photograph
Croatian, maths and a foreign language are mandatory, and you can choose other subjects depending on the faculty that you're applying for and what it wants
They don't use Italian names, but what is annoying is when Italian tourists expect everyone here to understand Italian (when most people don't) and refuse to speak English (which most people do)
But if the hiking trail is too busy, it can become boring
I have them but i dont wear them often becuse i own only few of them
[No.]#Europe) At least not in Europe.
However I witnessed stabbing between albanians and croats if that counts
also ca
000
Slovenia is so beautiful that I could drive an entire day all around it.
Ljudi pazite se
In my part of the country people are really tall, some of the tallest people in Europe, that is really obvious seeing most women are above 170 cmheight
There was very little interaction between North Africa and Europe
Also, [Ivana Brkic] looks nothing like a south/east European, or something that you would say is "basic" Croatian at first glance
Projects that make other members richer make all members richer
Poles are therefore one of the two nations that can use the N-word freely
Like, they had several cop cars and a helicopter on a manhunt after one guy who had a joint?
Albania : Hold my concrete
Nothing was forgiven
The [kingdom of Romania] during the 20th century was larger than modern day Romania until 1940.
Based Nordics
Crosses it once a day for lunch.
hahaha or that commercial for a car "from Berlin to Warsaw on one tank"
Considering it's late October and a pandemic, nah
Huawei gets free advertising
Asclepius was god of medicine and doctors, while Hermes was the god of thieves, liars, salesman (among other things)
that one is the black sheep of the family
This may sound weird, but as someone from the Istria / Liburnija / Kvarner region, I feel a greater connection to Slovenians than with the rest of my countrymen in other regions, especially Slavonians and Dalmatians.
Luckily I've seen neither
When its nice outside you cabt go due to virus
Go back to 1683 to witness the last charge of winged hussars, the biggest cavalry charge in history
Most - right wing clerical populist, became famous as non-ideological party fighting agaist corruption
You need to be a special kind of asshole to write such things after a terror attack.
I'd like to copy trains from France
Putin's wealth is estimated from 40 to 200 billion though.
Yeah, but China basically tripled/quadrupled its GDP in a matter of a few years, that is scary.
Yeah cpncetration camp can refer to both internemant camps and death camps
Also, incredibly resilient people
Correct, they aren't plotting the fall of the East, they want the East to feel hostility towards the West and vice versa, in order to weaken the German and French economies as well as generally seed mistrust within the union.
Ffs
Or: "Jebemu boga, po sedamdeseti put danas, baba, ovo NIJE stan Ivančić, ja NE ZNAM gospodina Ivančića ni njegovu ženu, doviđenja"
like always, Serbs will calim whatever they get their hands on
I think it's this:
Meanwhile, our mayor spent 4
Yes I called Putin Putler and got banned.
Spain is a unitary country and some random region can't just decide to opt out of the country because they don't like paying taxes
As in, I read somewhere that the number of people below poverty line dropped by 50%, or 2 billion to 1 billion, within the twenty years of 1990-2010.
I have pasta for that and no, yuck, wtf
Quite controversial
It's actually a very nice song but so ugly song to be an anthem
It was built during Yugoslavia, but it's co-owned, maintained and used to this day
But you do seem to get hurt a lot.
So what, fewer people should have more power because they represent more territory?
The first third is common knowledge, all other is thanks to KanColle and various naval research and events
I propose following measures to thwart future terrorist attacks:
In the same way I can say the US needs to ban guns because guns were used in Sandy Hook massacre and the Orlando shooting etc.
Same goes for SDP - social democrats, but its all being replaced by younger people
I don't think that there is a nation on this planet that hates it's gov as much as we do.
All of their tourist base belong to us.
They were called gasterbajteri, from the german word for guest worker.
There is *Novo Mjesto* here in HR
Even though he's mostly irrelevant outside of the city, he is **really** hated here
We often say for someplace far in god knows where as Tunguzija which I thought was imaginary but is apparently a real oblast in Russia called the Tunguska oblast
Yes, but this kind of economic regression could cause a different situation to envelop over the next year or two.
Well rural people aren't respected in Croatia as much as they should be
Until the last photo from the dude who replied below
The Hague
There was allready a investigation on Flynn, and he was cleared.
What makes you think I am stupid, that is a rather big assumption based off one small comment.
Also, being exposed to another language(s) from a very early age makes it easier for me to understand languages which are not my native or English and thus easier to learn
I see your stimulants and raise them with [smallpox]
We might have a generally phonetically consistent language, but many people struggle with ije/je and č/ć, so it's not totally innate to spell some words accurately
I have my own rakija, prefered coffee is turkish style
That's unbelievably ignorant and disrespectful
Ban Jelačić statue (gotta assert Zagreb dominance)
You see
Lmao when I was in Chezcia I was saying 'hvala' (how we say thank you), just assumed it was at least similar so people would understand it
Sorry man, we can't all be that enlightened like you.
depends if you a bitch, and want a small part of sea that wont make any difference at all
Some regions in Croatia also use the words farba (from german) and pitura (from italian)
The Bulgariaball seems like it is vomiting the jogurt.
Ypu got some mental issues man.
Burn the babies
Ognjištarci - people around the hearth - extreme conservative Catholics with Nazi leanings, closest to rednecks
But have you seen a man eat his own head
If my uncle called me a "sinovac" I would get really irritated
As for faculty level education in specific dialects, have no idea
For example I can't remember anyone calling their firs cousins (uncle/aunt's children) by anything other than just "rođak". The only ones used semi regularly are the names for spouses parents, and children's spouses, but even then mostly in "mother-in-law" jokes
&#x200B;
Vestibulum sit amet tellus bibendum lectus pharetra condimentum
You said how the line is when the government isn't appointed democratically.
clownworld
I've read somewherr that people who were saved from comitting suicide in a closed garage with the car running said that they changed their mind but CO made them too weak to be able to turn off the engine and save themselves.
[How Iceland Is Regrowing Forests Destroyed by the Vikings]
Other places like our mountains are some forests inland where you can get absolutely lost and of course if you would live on a ship in the middle of the Adriatic
Texas has nothing on the outskirts of Zagreb.
I hate equally Pavelic and [Borna, Duke of Dalamtia
I still don't get how Australians ruled over such a huge chunk of Europe in 19th century
Off topic: In what relations is Romania with it's neighbouring countries?
Wind - Pag, Sibenik
Yes that would be the guy
Actual meaning of your sentence translated into Croatian would be: Baba daruje hranu hrabrom ratniku
The amount of polandball comics this will produce...
It is always been Serbia and Hungary
I feel like that and many other conversations which are political which Europe has reached a consensus with (free healthcare good, unions are a right, guns bad) would have been avoided
While Croatia had war
Rijeka was the European capital of culture for 2020 and because of that and the EU the whole town is renovating
Maybe
Thats to true god dammit
The same is true for train tracks.
Quite popular among <35 people
Also, total NATO defense spending is almost 1 trillion dollars.
I dont know if you think of mcdonalds as fast food or local private business like kebab or cevapi vendors
Well we have sun but it's 0°C atm, with it going down to -5(morning) in the next few days...
Question was why the Greek origin if subdivision, and I said I don't know that, but nothing about it in the links you posted.
In my case, mispronunciation is pretty common among people whose native language isn't slavic, and then you have the example of the [dazzling grammatical cases.] Trying to get those correct is just too much pain, and when they're wrong, the person just sounds like a kid ._.
Slovenia would probably be dark red or even black
Shall is used a lot in aviation english
**Serbian**: usually come in groups of 2 families or solo if they have a family member living in the area
It's always something belittling, or  just insulting as all hell
, he was convicted but using various loopholes he's still walking around as a free man
I don't hear anyone sane in Croatia singing it
Hell, even though neither Celsius nor Fahrenheit are the standard units (that's Kelvin), Celsius makes way more sense to me because water freezes at 0 and boils at 100, which is stuff you meet as a small child.
Some people say "da?" (yes?) as well.
Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit
Wasn't subway meal deal 6-6
Close to a green glass worm
I wanted to comment but then realised that you can't call what we have a economic system
Finland schools, model for the world, slip in rankings
We were the seperate kingdom, but under the same crown since 1097, joined at the hip for 800 years
There seems to be a large amount of people saying Armenia is off-topic which is not correct
On the other hand, there was the argument that if the bomb failed to detonate, it's far safer for that to happen over Japan than Germany, since the Germans might be able to salvage the weapon and turn it against the allies, again showing fear of retaliation as a primary concern when using such potent weapons.
I guess it just depends on how you define multiethnic states, really
This is mostly just deporting other Europeans back to Serbia and Kosovo.
Well how you're supposed to pay bills on time when they don't even arrive on time
Pozdrav iz Hrvatske
I've been waiting this episode.
Slavs, similar historical context and we both love John Paul II
three words
Or some other band/author, hell now I remember them all, one by one, even Pepel in kri
Osijek and basically whole Slavonija region
We own house near the city of Rijeka given to us by the local bishop some decades earlier and the scouts then renovated it, now  it's a go-to place every summer
She then called me wrong and I had to shut up
Well, that qualifies as an organ, as well.
Vivamus ut facilisis sapien
I was tired when I wrote this, really don't know why I used the Croat version of the name
I dislike the, by me perceived genetar nature of these posts, which I'm perceiving to be mockery over these kinds of things
I'd thought that only americans have that
Is it like an Obelix situation there, just like he fell into a pot of that strength potion when he was a kid which made him strong his entire life
He was captured by the Russians but later joined them
he started a dictatorship-lite with full control of all but few media's
In the Republic of Croatia, power comes from the people and belongs to the people as a community of free and equal citizens
2016 - 48%
eh i only know the first part of the serbian anthem thats it
Sed ex diam, feugiat ac neque sit amet, feugiat sagittis lorem
An example would be that young people in Germany (from my own experience) tend to say "He's so fame in Germany" "The song is really fame" etc in German, but with the "fame" sticking out
Everything happening in SE Asia has been happening for a long time now.
Uneven terrain shortens the field of sight and make the traffic less predictable and more prone to accidents
That is alright, I guess
How
What the f are you talking about?
This video in particular is older part of my neighborhood, english subs are available
It's not like you mentioned anything relevant to understanding of the development of any historical events
Fusce velit sapien, mollis vel euismod ac, pellentesque quis tellus
But, on other hand, it does not mean we like Tito
Young people in Europe tend to enjoy life in/after high education.
Call for companies and other people to not give interviews to them etc
I also loathe the kind of people, most commonly found in Dalmatia unfortunately, who have this know-it-all attitude
i was in a similar situation few weeks back when i needed to transport two 2
We'll be all eating that stuff from matrix that tastes like chicken
Yes I have forgoten for the english word (I've actually forgot the word writing this)
Geographically, it doesn't exist.
How do you deal with that kind of a threat?
Eat, drink, have a great time
-1 pas, 2 psa, 3 psa, 4 psa, 5 p**a**sa, etc
Like, everybody saw it
He has a fucking tower in the middle of Manhatten with his name in gold letters .....
Only Russia and the Baltics are doing ok
I think that's understandable
Zagabria
And of course, names in other alphabets are transcribed
There is a theory that when our coat of arms starts with first white field (current one is first red) that is a fascist one cause that is the one used in 1941-1945 by a fascist puppet state of NDH
Well, this is one of those sources, and quite a good one, it even encourages you to be more critical and people call it as propaganda, meanwhile Russians completely deny everything and people take it just as another viewpoint?
Yea, cause you're not happy with the kind of house people had 60 years ago, you want a bigger, fancier one, it has to be in the right neighborhood, etc
the further the better, of course
Especially here in Dalmatia I mostly just call everyone (except my ancestors and siblings) either teta, barba (those two go for non-blood related people too, especially if I knew them from childhood and also as a generic term for unknown adult) or rođak
You can find them on google earth in the coves around Božava and Dragove
Not at all
During the battle which was going kind of for the Croatian side our ban Josip Jelačić(he lead the Croats to Budapest but was also an Austrian general and he was loyal to Austrians) was called in to save Vienna and the king from another revolution ao he went and took the armies during battle to save Vienna so while Croats look at the battle as a draw Hungarians took it as a win so that is how you will see it in wikipedia as a Hungarian win, but I would change this battle so that ban Josip Jelačić stayed and won the battle and then went to Vienna and stop the uprising there but I don't know if that is too unrealistic
It really is horrible
Rijeka and surroundings were later influenced by the Austrians but remained still distinctively coastal cities
ćevapčići. everybody knows that
That is the version of history told by the losers.
So it is not unusual
But bro, only 3 letters of those "special ones" in our alphabet are written with two characters
"mi" means "to me" and "se" is a form of the word "is".
I feel like this is a game of ping pong with saints
[Song]
If you replace 'Europe' with '/r/europe' in your post than I would agree.
“That’s why we don’t have the right to ask why the West is so ahead of us,”
Can people understand each other with ease
One apple and a bottle of water there could buy me a whole lunch here
Thx for replies
You can't find a city which isn't close to the border but Karlovac is close to 2 borders which is easily occupied
I'd say that Dubrovnik is quite similar to other cities on the Dalmatian coast.
This is the gravest insult to the czechs i have ever witnessed
I don't understand, Wikipedia states Denmark had 593 billion of external debt in 2014, they payed all that off in two and a half years?
you are the only decoration of this Dubrava
Stay safe
I would put them above ours, except maybe highways, but even those are usually empty out of the tourist season.
They can do it electronically
The screams are clearly coming from inside the house
The Germans offered territories, and the Anglo-French offered peace.
Eiffel tower, Paris
Bethesda was not able to create proper dynamic weather so they simply created permanent weatherzones on the map.
Well they did when countries declared independence, hence the border disputes today.
French salad(francuska salata) - it's actually Macedonian
*If, however, the charge is true and no proof of the young woman’s virginity can be found, she shall be brought to the door of her father’s house and there the men of her town shall stone her to death.
They're EU citizens living in the EU (for now hehe)
So my choice boils down to "eat or don't eat Nutella-like products".
Judges are very corrupt, just the other day some arrests were made.
The Hymn of Liberty, sung by choir as the inaugural entrance for the president of Croatia
Since they monitor certain internet activities of yours, they already know ALL your preferences in that regard.
But nothing will change much for the long long time.
We question that verdict and thus would like to trial him here in Croatia :)
destroying last hospitals of Aleppo
We ARE agains the corruption it's just that we dont wanna do anything about it
Didn't the education minister say in the news that the exhibition is back in place?
pretty much the same thing happened with japan
Also comparing power of two empires by one battle
But I despise fileki or tripice (tripe in English), the smell while cooking is unbearable to me
So if you want something reciprocal you should aim for boycotts, not sanctions
Here we have a classic case of internal hemorrhage, caused by specific historical circumstances.
So brygga is a pier and bro is a guy in a snapback and a tank top holding a beer can?
Media is mostly standard Croatian or at least they try while the government speaks mostly some kind of Bosnian - Croatian
Istria: separatists
What I'm saying is that the traffic is chaotic and will always be that way
Emptying quickly (though not as quickly as its surrounding countryside), and on the poorer end of the spectrum
Wtf
yea, go ride your bike around windmills or whatever you Dutch do
Jakov Gotovac - opera [Ero s onoga svijeta - What's that shining high in heaven]
I play in English, but if there an option for my language I'll at least see how good it is
Happy cake day !
until 1918
Magyarization was also one of the main reasons why Croatia sided with the Crown in 1848.
Luckily I only had to deal with a handful of people like that
Vienna, Budapest, Madrid, Copenhagen, Prague, Barcelona (not a capital but still), Venice (from a tourist point of view at least)
Historically: Ante Pavelić - both incompetent and piece of shit human being
Imagine if someone made a hoi mod where this all happens
He was Polish as well, right
I believe that the Boer Wars which is what they're taliking about was the first ever usage of concentration camps
Tall, short
REEL ‘EM IN, BOYS
NATO has always been underprepared to fight the Soviet Union/Russia.
I prefer regular rain
Maecenas eget eros leo
They held the city on almost nothing but sheer willpower and hope despite knowing that it's futile
I specifically told you about my country, not "most of Europe".
you put one bosnian/serb and croatian guy in one room without mentioning ethnicity and they will understand eachother just fine HELL they will eat and get drunk with eachother if you give them food and alcohol
I can feel the Christmas spirit of giving now.
Not becouse of culture i know few people with germanic names but becouse of ehh
Omg I can relate to this so much
More modern: Ivo Sanader - your usual corrupt politician
Bosnia can be split 3 ways actually.
I live in Germany and I'm having sooo much problems with German as I just moved in last year
Aslo we bring our notebooks with us at all times
Split, I know it has the palace and very nice sea and a lot more but when I came tourists were everywhere and the palace it self wasn't special at all and stores were everywhere even in the palace
In Europe, political parties pretty much have a consensus on the way healthcare should be
Caring about the Croatian/Serbian relations.
Imagine if something was to happen there the number of people that would swarm Europe, that's why I see Erdogan as a necessary evil.
Hearing about how every day new Croatian flag was put on that tower
200 złoty
You need to deal with all the government requirements, report everything, pay taxes, not just have your employer subtract them from your salary
Daj kako se to zove na nasem
They didn't even do that bad something of these are ok
Here in croatia beef is everytjing from older cow and it's not that popular
fish with fish fingers
Hey
Gromit mug vs
Btw, I always wondered do you guys in Montenegro have similar issue with "š" and "ś" like "č" and "ć?
But in countries like Spain (and much of Europe) it is considering ethnic minorities are native to the region and/or settled there in large numbers and kept their identity in a noticeable way
- Dukes Trpimir, Domagoj and Branimir
Like the fact that he will be free aged 53 isn't enough sad and unfair
Those who rebelled were in fact "the bad guys". Almost in every sense of the word
Though the loss of the Zrinskis in their failed plot was an even greater blow, as it wiped out the last powerful family in Croatia
For my country (Croatia) estimates are that of 100€ of taxes 30€ goes back in the system the rest is eaten by the administration/government itself
Because they present their problems as everybody's problems
A lot of families in Croatia still have fairly "traditional" views, and I think women are expected to settle and get pregnant sooner than men are, but both are expected to do these things before or at around, I believe, 30
Subscribe me up
Pipl mast trast as
Member the time when Kerum placed his Mercedes Maybach behind a window so people can look at it in awe and admire
Just cheap and comfortable
This seems like the only practical option at this point.
too late, money talks, morals don't.
don't
Did he care for basic human right- right to live while killing all those innocent people
Belgium later annexed the colony **specifically to end** all the shit that was happening
In Croatia it is 50 years, not 40, law was changed in 2013
Noone is crazier than Stalin
Otherwise we are quite similar and don't really start fights or something like that
Plagiarizing, which is a common practice of the music scene in Croatia, can help us send some better songs to Europe, present our culture in a more favorable light, and gift Europe with our national genius that is so far more evident in corruption, fake democracy, or rampant emigration
Apparently there was a revolution there in 2003, after which Georgia turned to the West and pursued some democratic and economic reforms?
because everyones happy in the sea
he lasted three words
Frankfurt imo
I think everyone hates the guy
Just like Germans, most Croats will gladly wait for you at the finish line and speak to your in their mother tongue once you become very proficient, but won't want to help you get there 'cause they'd rather use you to improve their English
Kind of stupid and idealistic, but balls of steel
It's about gay people standing up for their rights
It can't be *that* easy
New Now = Novi Sad
i don't mean to offend anyone but the stereotypes are kinda true, most of the time, that is
After Brexit comes Croanschluss.
Yeah, just give Russia another reason to have a swing at Ukraine.
There are a ton of EU countries that are very thankful for what you guys did for us.
Yes, they are a good/reasonable example(at least judging from my limited knowledge of their activities).
I never saw a dutch man with a dark wife.
You are right with "hlib" that is ikavian version of serbian "hleb", we use "kruh" instead but in "jekavian" form would be "hljeb".
Making things better is close to impossible.
But it's not just Trump, think the controversy of the War on Terror, the clusterfuck that's today's Middle East, for which USA gets a big part of the blame if you ask people (whether they're right or not, that's the perception), the spying scandals, hell even the lack of cooperation in regards to important issues like global warming (Chinese hoax, of course!).
I went and it was good dk wtf they are talking about, it was clean and didnt smell bad
Then there's the bit where you're actually running a business rather than just getting a paycheck
God doesn’t like us
We have more Serbs than I thought(189k)
Makes you wonder which one of your items will maybe one day be dug up by future archeologists
I'm so right I have barely any use of my left side.
All ex-communist countries have that same problem, I am not even sure it can ever be solved
You see
Why did they pick the person who did?
[Aerodrom - Digni me visoko]
Also dont be crazy and form a country with your neighbours, it's not gonna work out well for neither one of you
But how can the second one be translated into so many words
In conclusion, that 1% which has left in his 99% is this what I wrote up here
Well, they do require more people for geopolitical reasons.
Brudi was ist das für 1 Meinung diggah !
That is because there are no standards for those shirts
We're sharing the nuclear powerplant Krško with slovenia
We use kunas which you can buy across all of the country.
And how do I know (from Croatia) that all the western media is not false?
You think french is weird, danish is out there miles beyond
Also no lockers
Recently, he became quite a contended personality here as well.
They were monarchs from 9 different ruling houses throughout history.
However, there is word *stalno* which means constantly.
This guy even made a song regarding this translation issue
Stop being a fucking hypocrite please, you probably want EU to disintegrate while saying shit like this
Can't we all just enjoy sports?
Only con I can see is it's distance to the border with Serbia
Don't know the details of how, but there are rivers there, so they set it up so that they first turned the sea to lake and than drain it
There are also other reasons, why Croats like Ukraine
But then you have this [look] that's a bit darker, or this [one] I don't think that there are facial features that are just Croatian, but we could distinguish one another in style, manners, walk, etc
Also, beans are not breakfast food
Just stock up on popcorn and enjoy the freak show.
Well it wasn't even a state, let alone a country.
They are mostly riddiculed
Seeing that hospital, hearing about people dying, hearing about how 3 kids were born in that hospital during that time
There are a lot of movies from other countrys we have german cobra 11 uk movies too few from us and turkish ones were a lot of times seen
I wonder how mayn other politically promenent people tried to do the same as the spanish king ?
What if the virus stagnates in some and the true horrors begin only after a while
That is a subject in the last year of secondary school here.
It was the shortest running government in our history being disbanded in 5 months.
It almost looks hilly
If I buy bottled water at home it’s only if it’s sparkled
Also you can see how the Caucasus wasn't considered Europe back then
I found him recently and binged all his videos
Hah, and I'd second your sentiment about the monarchy - in theory I'd like them restored here as well, but that ain't happening, ever
It's also food imported from all over the world, much more clothes than people 60 years ago had, internet access, computer and tablet, big TV with 300 channels, college education for everyone, health care for everyone, all kind of welfare and social services and on and on it goes
if i remember, NY first fire brigade was private and i saw story where they were arranging price for puting out fire while the house was on fire
Not to mention that Europe was a battlefield throughout it's history(and there's a war in it currently) so by your logic it should have a much bigger military cult.
In Croatia we go to Bosnia to buy Croatian beer, it's ridiculous.
While the private sector struggles and young ppl run away
The only reason you even call Tesla Motors an American company is because they're stationed there
Let the places that wanted to leave, fully leave, but as it's obviously possible to have it both ways, I see no reason why Scotland should be put in a worse position than N. ireland
It's almost like poverty and lack of education correlates with conservative and nationalistic thinking
So you blaming the Soviets for this too is just ridiculous.
At least you don't grin like a little kid when Papuk shows up in the great distance on particularly clear days T.T
My area of operations was around StCatherine, la Burse, Grand Place, Gallerie Royalles, Magritte, Parc de Bruxelles, ... Now I have a reason to go a bit to the south next time and around st Gilles
There isn't really a rivalry, most people feel neutral to positive about the other city
Yeah, I don't think the militia will release the son of Gaddafi for the lives of a couple dozen random people.
And how would "dobar dan" on broken croatian with soft "r"s convince someone that you're croatian
Europe unveils ‘bibles for banks’ to prevent future crises
You never know who might read it on the internet
Both of them are horrible and glorification of any totalitary regime is pure brainwash
Brexit was popular and within the margin of error at all times.
Seing you are Austrian tells me you don't have any clue what you are talking about.
As far as my knowledge of (standard) German goes, this word does not exists.
Here is a map of daily shootings
They're not that smart
"Yeah, me too"
2017 - 49%
Everyone responsible for the genocide that the Yugoslav state could get its hands on was punished
All of that is build on top of old military buildings and hangars
152281,14
It seems to happen every month or so but I'm wondering whether it has an effect
Sweden state is a failed experiment...
Fear the Belarus pan
damn
But mostly people who fought in the war and had trauma and their kids have issues with going to Serbia and just the name Serbia
You tell me now
In "oi, mate", mate is in vocative, right?
Many dead, tens of thousands with no place to live
You tell me now
No shit, they all came here to us for a little dip in the sea
Communist Yugoslavia was 45 years old
I had everything planned to visit Milano last year in April but corona and shit and concert was of course post-poned
In conclusion, that 1% which has left in his 99% is this what I wrote up here
Yeah I somehow doubt Trump would let europe fall to russia
I think part of the problem is that whenever you try to speak a foreign language with some locals, they switch to English xD
We always greet each other and sometimes chat for a bit, it really depends on individual people's personalities
but wouldn't his surname then be Hadžitesihović?
I'm getting a feeling that you kinda feel bad for him
The term Greater Serbia first appears in a derogatory manner in a book authored by a Serbian socialist Svetozar Marković in 1872.
Calm your tits
Something different and unique
It mostly sounds and starts very familiar and as it goes on you add your own twist to that
Aside from the fact that we are missing, that has to be the worst map I have ever seen.
We do not have any real disputes between us.
Add the abundance of sun, nature being cleaner due to lack of industrialisation/overfishing etc, a natural non-aversion to herbs and spices, general better respect for food than in the north and you got yourself a winning combo
She* is still fighting for her life
We know change international flights on purpose to gain even more tourists.
On a few occasions our national TV aired documentary about force of resistance on crete that hid australian and british naval intelligence agents
love this weather
Nisi ni najbistriji u glavi, pa se trudis
gdje - vanilla "where", current location
Yeah, actually
The acceptable times are either for lunch, afternoon coffee or dinner.
Lol you should check the Zagreb Cathedral
If it was it would likely just be the Russian one like Slovenia and Slovakia.
Pre-pandemic price was about 20 kn for a package of 50
Honestly, if they were deciding on something like Brexit it would be a shitshow
"As one country, there would be one leader
So it would only increase 10 fold and become the largest space buget on the planet.
Today it was Vienna
"Lets bomb civilian targets instead of focusing on military objectives."
For real
... Yugoslavia established the Non-aligned movement
A sto se dijela parade tice
The difference between the two and then some is what they can lose.
The high quality steel was obtained from the Indians since they invented crucible steel.
And Pepsico introduced Schwip-Schwap
It's not cold, but I wouldn't feel comfortable wearing only a hoodie
I wish you independence to Kosovo, my friend
Yes
True, but the alternative is being a small powerless country and having no say in what happens because you're at the mercy of the big guy next door.
members got supercharged and grow orders of magnitude more rapidly than they would have if they had just gotten a bit of cash.
They get to choose the time and the place to dismantle your defenses from a safe distance, knowing full well you can't do a damn thing to respond.
Oh it's super easy to find if you are Bosnian or Croatian
Hell, they've been far more friendly to me than a lot of people from other Croatian cities
Also, no one uses "sranje", it's like something you'd say infront of your boss or grandma and no eyebrows would be raised
Of course the victory in the 90s war with Serbia, and thats cool I guess
I have been in Munich and it is safe to say it doesn't look German anymore
saving more than 32,000 people off the coast of Libya.
Come on, man
Loving the new motto of the EU
Hopefully it will be peaceful, or else we risk another war in region or even serious involvement of US and, if Serbians manage to talk them in to, Russian in war
Really
I'm probably wrong
Test the soup and send them to jail lol
As someone already wrote, people (especially older) mark you as a communist and not a real Croat
So my question was is zmij a viper or just a venomous snake
People do it all the time when hiking on Sljeme
In fact, where in Europe can you recognise another European minority by looks?
They accept both vocabularies and both accents
No, rectangle, perfectly balanced Wyoming
That's some Croatia level paperwork shit for a simple thing
I didn't have one
wasn't that the reason for Christian tattoos?
They had made such an impact to 20th century culture that it is incomprehensible.
They took a part of your island and you guys take a part of their island.
Vestibulum sit amet tellus bibendum lectus pharetra condimentum
Head, Shoulders, Knees and Toes (X2)
Kuzis
So if *they* are saying you REALLY need to vaccinate, and this from money they could use for their 5th Mercedes, you know that the situation is dire.
I am not right wing, let alone a far one.
remember that time when they all were saying:
Cmon bro, Ingrid Antičević Marinović: [
It's too boring
The EU should get to name the first three planets.
It's dark in my room ,dude !
These things are taught as being correct, but very few native English speakers actually talk like that
Damn this must be at least 50+ k
Here we have this and some koreans lesrning croatian for a play i mean what are they gonna do next
Exactly that
It could be considered "light" by a lot of standards, and that guys dress [nicely]
Or Istanbul
I feel like skiing in France is more expensive than Austria...
talking of trivias and les miserables, that roundabout in the upper right corner is place victor hugo, conected to arc via the victor hugo avenue
It's annoying that this is somehow a debatable issue
You have ones with bars protruding not only into the side walls, but also into the ceiling and the floor
You can say:
So, we go for drinks, ćevapi (a type of local dish), pancakes, cheap swimming pools, we go to shopping there and for cheap gas and cigarettes
He's typical Croatian rich idiot who does whatever he wants while government steers the looks on the other side
A Croatian in Germany should learn to speak German.
They have a strong sense of self-identity and are relatively rich region with few roads leading in
I've never heard anyone unironically defend the Ustaše,I've heard people defend communism though
The principal cause of percieved rifts is that people are comparing them selves to others in different circumstances
Croatia has the smallest town in the world, Hum, located in Istria
Yes, die
Sve najbolje, zivjeli jos 1000 godina.
edit: oh yeah and whenever I spray some Boss Bottled I get reminded of Austria
I was actually never in the Technical Museum
I think that a croatian from zagorje would have less problems understanding you than a croatian from dubrovnik, lets say
Lavrov on a photo with a Interpol wanted man.
I can confirm you can buy it in Croatia, but only in Müller stores
For a decade and a half it's been abandoned and decaying
Inga is a rare name here but not considered old, huh
Aliquam viverra tristique auctor
We should deffo export it more
My heart goes out to those brave people, who i admire greatly, in Serbia, Hong Kong, Lebanon and many many others and now Belarus and i cannot even imagine the hopelesness one must feel upon seeing everything going back to as it were before after so much effort and sacrifice was made
Inside Klek mountain, there is a pile of ducats and a snake lying on the top of it.
and compare their foreign bases
Glava, ramena, koljena i stopala
Otherwise, we call the bowl školjka (seashell), and the room toalet (toilet) or WC
Austria says it will double money offer to refugees who volunteer to leave the country
Oh, yea, you are right
Federalization usually implies a common constitution and can potentially include a common judiciary.
30 Euro for slightly higher speeds in Croatia if you have the ability to get A1 fiber optic
Not really, I don't like the idea of hereditary power.
Spoiler alert: we die in the end
Well even the Kingdom of Italy technically existed
Slovenian
Why did this fortress hold such big of a value
Lived in Denmark and Germany for total of 5 years and now going back to Croatia again this year
Too many stuck up profesors tbh would just sit at desk and show you PDF
Croatia actually has [sandy beaches]
Westminster doesn't really have any say in the matter.
Same in croatian - aktualno
It would probably look different if we used PPP data.
What you're describing is very much movement, expect it's corporate persons instead of physical ones.
Cheers
Lives of their parents, brothers, sisters, grandmas, grandpas, friends is destroyed
If someone wants to hear more, there is also this song that is originally recorded this way
Especially Odbrana i Poslednji dana by Idoli (Defense and Last Days)
With work, kids, cooking, cleaning and occasionally unwinding with games or Netflix (or just staring at the screen blankly)
You answered your own question how republicans are backward.
True - but let's be honest - what fucks you harder; not getting that sweet tax revenue, or losing hundreds of thousands of your people which you desperately need to staff your industries and public institutions and effect social change
If i only knew i'd learn more phrases
> Why should their opinion matter to anyone
that film is going to be a classic
all that trust worthy considering the leaderships all three countries have currently
Nope, nope, nope
Projects that make other members richer make all members richer
There is no political movement (even though they are often called separatists jokingly) but if you asked an average Istrian he would probably tell you they want more authonomy
just because they have similar surnames
Boy oh boy here we go:
Yes, China, US and Russia have more soft power than the UK
So the doctor called me Tiki - which was the name of the water heater - smaller boiler  but the shape is still there
So I play whatever I feel like
Dear God, both the EU and everyone connected to it are truly horrible at propaganda.
etc
Seriously, you'll have to speak up.
Yeah, the way you describe Greeks all over London was my experience with northern Balkan people throughout Germany (and a little bit in Austria)
Bulgaria seems to be a place of origin of that story.
They'll welcome Sudi money and use it to build mosques and schools where they'll send their kids and make more ISIS members.
[Aerodrom - Digni me visoko]
In Croatia, standard is to have just FIRST NAME + LAST NAME
(Atleast in Dalmatian region)
[When UK is one of the least red-tape countries on Earth?]#Ranking)
It was federation of republics: Slo, Cro, BiH, Serbia, Macedonia and Montenegro + two autonomous provinces: Vojvodina and Kosovo
>while the soviet occupation wasn't as bad as the nazi occupation, **it came close**
Same in Croatia
Thank you guys
I know it will not be the original but many historic buildings are not the same version as they were first built
Pula - Pola
How does a yugo-nostalgic subreddit have anything to do with reality?
I feel like kosovo is to serbia what hercegovina is to croatia - when things get tough politically or economicly , you can always call for nationalism and cause frictions tgere
Hell, most of Europe is divided when it comes to these things and pretty much all of us have a relationship with minorities which is not comparable to the American one
Jeeej
Have a few hubs that the bullet trains ride between, have nice, big comfortable, but not especially fast trains that that connect the countryside with the hubs
Or ~~Piran~~ *
They can be served with breadcrumbs like you mentioned, but also with cream
Aren't carabinieri under jurisdiction of both ministry of defence and internal affairs/interior (however you call it)
Let's take Shrek for example
That's a yearly tradition in Croatia as well
Sorry, haven't looked under the flair XD
Well, that depends
May 1st is holiday, but if it falls on weekend then you are out of luck
I have been watching this gif for hours now, nothing's happening
A lot of corrupt people (Politicians, sport officials, CEOs) from Croatia have dual citizenship with Bosnia and Herzegovina, most of them, and even when sentencing happens they are allowed to go to Bosnia and carry out their sentence there, but what actually happens is that their courts have to confirm that sentence, which they normally lower and in a lot of cases even overturn, because their country is even more corrupt, so they stay there, on a sort of vacation, and once thing goes old in legal terms, they come back and carry on doing business as usual
Could be the gypsies messing up your stats.
Well I love it
There are three of them on Dugi otok island that I know
afaik the Croatian ustashe government at the time wasn't beloved and most people were against them but too scared to do anything
Republika Srpska has no right to secede.
this is Bosnian national dish
Took a look and i found for 368k i can buy a mansion with pool and wellnes that is  396 square meters
Here I definitely didn't mean all Serbians, but of course only the ones who do support such politicians
I consider it over-priced low quallity furniture I wouldn't buy
my american friend once said sung croatian sounds a lot like spanish
Honestly baffled by these replies
Solar - somewhere in northern Adriatic
Regarding poetry, I think loose word order does help but Croatian has a significantly smaller word count than English for example, so I'd think that represents a limitation as well
You don't get to cry for being an imprisoned nation while imprisoning another one yourself
Let's face it they are there to secure the airspace and to look good on paper.
Today poppy is used usually for baked goods and is common, I'd say
Podravina and Zagreb, never heard of someone saying "špansko selo" in that sense
Here in Croatia, Croatian and English are mandatory subjects.
This might actually work
Everytime I travel abroad, to western countries at least, I am absolutely shocked at how expensive your food is
May we kill
Morbi molestie nisl ut enim mollis, volutpat tincidunt ante feugiat
Thanks for an explaination
Oh yeah, I hate grah too
They are used to early detonate RPGs and other HEAT munitions
Gothic cathedrals (not easy to just choose one), prob Chartres
It was from some app my wife had which followed her pregnancy or something
" from the Nikola Šubić Zrinski opera sounds better and more bombastic, as well as more patriotic
No snow this year :(
Didn't even last 24 hours before the whole process collapsed because of the sheer amount of people
We are positive about everything foreign.
I'm hardly a fan of current EU immigration policies, but
To think that all this could have happened already in the 1810s if Napoleon hadn't invaded Russia...
As if you ever stood a chance, all you would've achieved is direct Nazi occupation and even more direct enforcement of their rule
Still, they've tested the second most in Europe (behind Italy) and have tested more per capita than the majority of European countries (I think they're 4th or 5th for that)
I like this approach, my Mom would go to buy clothes just because she saw a "HUGE SALE, BUY NOW
Milijarda  - 1
Made by IPSOS one of the most renown survey companies, I don't know why you would dismiss it as useless
*he did it the absolute /r/madlad!*
Junior partner demanded that said minister (from senior partner of coalition) should be removed from the government
Soooo, about campi Flegrei, how big of an eruption is expected
I'm not here for your self righteous lectures,you know nothing about my nations history which makes anything you say invalid
I watched the film when I was a kid
Namely:
This seems like something I would find in a Geography now video
The most I ever got in my life was 25 HRK an hour, which is 3.35 Euro.
Nah, just buy it
‘Happy New Year’ in European languages
Election of HDZ, no doubt
Pope John Paul II
people really like to show off their german made cars around here but phones, yeah, nobody cares
2 hours later at dinner, waiter overhears us talking, says hello, asks how things are going, what brings us here
Switzerland gives green light for free movement of Croatian citizens
I expected something like "Havanovjekosjek"
There is a theory that when our coat of arms starts with first white field (current one is first red) that is a fascist one cause that is the one used in 1941-1945 by a fascist puppet state of NDH
2020 - 55%
No feeling of anger or relief is factually justified.
The Afd in Germany, front national in france, wilders in Holland or the FPÖ in Austria.
I‘m impressed to see that so many Croats like Ukraine as well
Leave them at the airport, they're their nationals on their land, let them sort it out, they've had them for the last X years, im sure they can keep on living there.
The downside is that a significant percentage of cash goes under the table back to Santa
A vehicle can be used as a weapon - look at Nice or Berlin.
Sed ex diam, feugiat ac neque sit amet, feugiat sagittis lorem
&#x200B;
It's probably because we nurse one cup for hours, that's how our coffee shops are always full.
But everyone wants all the gadgets and products that were created in the past 60 years as well so in order to buy extra crap, you need to work more
Fun
• roman - novel
I can attest that huncut means the same in Croatian
Serbia
**Bosnia -** If we take pride in hospitality, we can shy in the shade of Bosnian one
Jasenovac i Gradiška stara
Probably 20+ more years
The houses in front of the Church, are they old houses or should I be angry about them?
) Cut salaries by 20% in that case, and that leaves people at worse position tgan now
For Luxembourg, my aunt works there but idk about other opinions
Red dots in Croatia are, as far as I can see, war related, which I suppose is a terror itself, but still.
However, the T-tropic HIV-1 used another receptor, CXCR4, to enter T-cells, so if a person with CCR5-delta32 is infected, he still becomes HIV positive.
They are silent about it at the moment, we will see I guess.
And grown men and women
It raised enough controversy for official abandonement of its usage.
Chilly - 0-13ish
If you fertilize an egg in vitro, it's not going to become human.
Maybe Spotify is ''European'' but it's very much oriented on the USA, considering they refuse to provide service for over half of their own continent
He transfered to closer high school because he didnt have time to learn
Croatian, English, German, Dutch, French and Spanish
We're in Zagreb though
The fact that Bosnia existed before Ottomans has nothing to do with the borders of todays Croatia and BiH
Are you not for self-determination?
We get negative points for that in college!
We usually refer to Chinese
and bang, a Pole hits a pole
The cynical, defeatist, pessimistic, and passive mentality and attitude to life
please stay the hell away from me
You always have to ask "compared to what
For 10 you can get an ice cream thats pretty good
Also, most coastal cities were built much earlier than the ones on the continent.
The only place in the world where the leaders before the start negotiate how to wage war.
You can't be smart and do the latter.
And what exactly would you qualify as racist there?
I dont talk to them
The decision is due in mid-2020
On the head of the main table there is a place reserved for the deceised, with a plate and a glass turned upside down to signify they are no longer there
Greece, spain, italy, croatia, portugal, cyprus, france....
I'm not saying that the law is on side of people who eant to kill Breivik, but opposite
"We're behind Romania now
And this shit, right here, just shows the extent of belligerent narcissism of Donald Trump
How hard is that to understand?
Soviets had huge losses because civilians died working in inhuman conditions the Ural Mountains and generals having same tactic, rush with huge amount of troops
No, its part if a reasonable philosophy.
RTL Group - Radio Television Luxembourg, one of the biggest TV groups in  Europe, having presence in many European countries
Thanks for the food aswell
Trump isnt making U turns, the only thing that is changing is the way media reports on him.
Another interesting thing is that percentage of young people infected in US skyrocketed
Can you explain term *vesničan*?
None of these are really internationally famous but
Saying stuff like "oh you're really clean for someone from a thrid world country"
I dont like either but some people favor Pavelic and some favor Tito so I included them both haha although people who love Tito hate Pavelic and vice versa
You don't make for a good reputation of gay people and their whatever like this
National attire from Lika, the province in which Tesla was born and raised.
6:54:00 Arrive at the main station on time.
I'll edit my comment above, sorry
Exploring inside the walls of old town Dubrovnik: [Link]
It tells the legend of the curse that king Zvonimir (last croatian king from the middle ages) allegedly throwed upon his subjects and murderers who betrayed him
Morbi erat tortor, ullamcorper sit amet neque eu, faucibus porta risus
[Some Croats] even went to defend Ukraine in the Crimea crisis
It was a limited market, but unlike the so-called Eastern Bloc, it was a market
For 1 you can buy 2 pieces of gum
Climbed up 2 spots same as we, both of us also had the total of "0.004" improvement.
Because there is no comfort in water )
That is the main reason why the West fears any potential secession of Republika Srpska from BiH.
Yeah, like 10 wolves against a T-Rex.
They are horrible but nowhere near the junk we have here and not to mention the Balkans ...
Horvat is the most common surname here in Croatia, so you are incorrect in that statement.
Dunno, just playing devil's advocate here
Jesus
* Lika: there are more dead than alive people there at this point tbh (just the way Nagash likes)
I guess it highly depends from person to person
Montirani proces wasn't that good imho, but they did have some [funny clips]
In places where it has been legalised it has lowered crime rates, so I'm all for it
Also "valda" instead of "valjda"!
And it sounds like some kind of cereal/[sugary spread.]
3AM now is as dark as it gets
Was true 70 years ago, and even then only in huge numbers like some 60k t34's(which they lost some 80% during the war) to less then 2k Tigers.
Whoever made those captions is as close to God as any Pope
Our professor gave us the rules of spelling French on day one and I seldom ever made mistakes
Our relations are getting better but when we play against each other it is like playing a final
You just lose any and all sense of perspective of what it means to be rich
A side note, many English speakers will say "**there's** less people in the room", at least Americans will
Oh look at that
Honestly, I wouldn't feel comfortable going there as a tourist after hearing so many stories like this, and have such stuff happen to me and many others online
It is a shameyou guys don't really have highways and railroads for what I heard but I really wanna go to Transylvania because you know caatles and stuff
It is Osijek,you're right
Wondering for what they use the drones
Not completely irrelevant, but "tuga" in Croatian (and some other languages) means sorrow.
I grew to love that city and it’s people
The Bulgars that founded the first empire were a Turkic people.
My original comment was that the imperialistic wars would not end if Germany won so obviously I expanded upon that.
Who leads in presidential polls?
Interestingly the 4 main cities correspond to the cardinal directions (north, south, west, east) and main cultural regions
And so my cunning plan^^1 to prove that Macedonians have some "genetic right" to Alexander was foiled!
In Croatia from my perspective (I'm form Zagreb)
We do that "tap forehead, for idiots" thing here.
There is a small issue with -ije or -je
They can do it electronically
English is compulsory from grade 1 and most of the students learn it well since it's so widespread.
I would (and do) drink tap water pretty much anywhere in the country
Yugoslavia would have to go into huge debts too if it wanted to overcome the crisis.
How long does a ferry ride to Stockholm last?
That's a good Winnie the Pooh
Wow who wouldve guessed, the professional polling agencies messed up once again...
I'm Croatian but upvoting for truth...
Sex drugs and whatever mindfuck music is playing in the club
Also, we don't see iPhone being good value for money
The point is blaming Belgium over something it had no control over
Ovo je valjda jedna od najjadnijih uvreda koju sam ikad procitao
Yeah that's hilarious
The biggest story in Croatia is, as always, a pitiful insult sharing between politicians
Aw crap
I mean cmon it's been 1000 years
No, Bosnians never called themselves Serbs, even before the Islamization.
So In Croatia most people play Tressette and Briscola (Italian cards) in the south and Belot in the north
But I payed a couple of times with my dad's debit card
Give us a list of all those who voted for this shitty bill to pass and we'll do our best to remove them from positions of power
Well
Those are just normal windows to me, funny how the guy in the video finds them so amazing
I sure would enjoy walking the streets of my hometown without swimming in crowds of people (as I did this week)
So, with the (strong) assumption that you're supportive of that, why are you denying me to have pride over being straight and wanting to preserve my pride over it
Turks tried to capture Vienna twice but failed
800+ years of skill, vision and architectural prowess of human race, up in smoke, and some nimrods are laughing about it
Ustaše were the (mostly) volunteer party militia
I don’t think anyone would even notice you’re alone in Croatia, people generally don’t care about that
We say "kruh" anyway so no need for dialects here
You'll see them everywhere from state tv (HRT) to their homeland Nova TV
Sadly, the BiH is basically like a child of two divorced parents who keep fighting and are also overprotective and won't let the child move out, even though it's already like 30 or something
Bosnian Water is way cleaner than Any of these county's, and Croatian is drinkable
Decameron suits the current situation the best
Same here
Beli Manastir-Serbian actually/Monoštor-old name on Croatian/Pelmonostor-Hungarian/Manoster-German
Croatia
Do you support legalising starving a child until they're dead
Yes, maybe I wasn't clear enough.
Something is off lol
Bulgerioum
> Anyway, zbog ovakvih stvari ljudi misle da su Hrvati divljaci
There won't be 2018 after Trump starts nuclear war because someone mocked him on Twitter
Here in Croatia, on the coast, we play with italian cards, and they are very similar to spanish
Now let's just hope everyone makes it out alive and unharmed
[Far-right Austrian presidential candidate Norbert Hofer admits defeat to independent Van der Bellen]
>  I don’t see how it will ever change when people such as yourself claim that giving equal rights to LGBT people means “bowing down” and “losing one’s sense of pride”.
No, no, give me your address so i can come and visit you the next weekend
Yes, it does sound similar and we can understand each other, but saying that it's the same language is a bit of a stretch
Chill
︎kvadrilijarda (10^27 ) = Octillion
Everything from food and art to architecture, law, business and education has been condensed in to a few major groups
Doesn't even matter that even Romania has sarma for an example
Male name in Slovenia is Janez
[CBS live]
That is the only one I have ever seen in my country
Haven't regretted it one bit
Rip girls tho
Im just saying its kind of sad people do this they need to realize no one is willing to help them (directly) and sanctions won't change russia's mind
There are no Apple stores in Croatia, only licensed sellers
If you want to create a quantifiable test that eliminates subjectivity, that's fine too
Fifth if we're counting the secret space nazis movies and games have been telling me about
We see ourselves as bosnian croats coz' we're not from croatia so we aren't croats
Still can't believe people consider \*that\* a sign of intelligence/culture
yeah, tbh a lot of people from HDZ were in the communist party...
Yay
Also, a railway or metro can be a problem to build in centers of old towns because the streets are to small
So assuming that it spread from one place to another (which may as well be false as far as I know - because I don't know anything about it), if you go by the name(s) alone, you can make a few chains
Rich, according to Croatian standards anyway, and very central European looking
I live my whole life in Croatia and I have literally never heard of this place
You care about it so much because you *feel* like it's this huge earth-shattering big deal.
Why would anyone believe that Hungary would be more ''merciful'' when it gains even more power?
Well, I suppose we had enough of peace for the last 25 years, might as well start another war.
1m people
Live stream on Periscope:
A buffer zone in which KFOR forces prevent any agression is pretty useful.
"Djed Mraz" is far more common than "Djed Bozicnjak"
ŽIVOT DAMO TRST NEDAMO
My mother's side of the family is fair skinned and light eyed but my father is dark haired
Conversely, you won't notice the borders of Malta, Luxembourg, Armenia, Slovenia or Faroe islands unless you're actively searching for them on the map since their land size is much smaller
You can also see she's very a very moderate eater in accordance with the Catholic faith.
It's not always easy explaining medieval feudal concepts when we're more or less used to how modern states work, and 19th century and how people were trying to reform feudalism was often messy
I don't like the idea of hereditary power
I love that it is an inflected language and that word order is almost meaningless
A lot of people would survive a nuclear holocaust, at least for a time.
It's Plavac Mali, good choice :)
The greek goody's. It is a very nice fast food restaurant with burgers
Ski passes to Katschberg for everyone!!!
Reminds me of that twister mat at the gay pride parade
Think that is Croatian, as and other slavic languages, very efficient, because can say same amount of information in less words
It's like blaming the US over what Trump does in his private property in other countries
So take this as a poor person gave me imaginary reddit gold.
I know that in the Balkans a lot of kids don't take these international standardized tests seriously so they write stupid things to seem edgy and "f*** school" mentality to look cool, so when students actually want to solve those tests, the "idgaf majority" brings the class average down.
0 for the second as reported on jutarnji
Omg I can relate to this so much
Started learning when I was 6, by the time I was 12 I could fully understand and decently speak, around 13-14 I would say I became fluent, and then when I was 15 I was at the point where I spoke more English than Croatian (my native language)
What would happen if a woman was seen laughing?
” in the local language when I travel somewhere
Coca
Missing chakavian and kajkavian dialects (Croatian language).
In my 27 years I dont remember one single incident and I live in the capital, in "big" city like you said
I saw it 2 months ago, it is so beautiful
Here it is with English subs just click on CC
What about Eurythmics
People increase the prices if they hear you're a tourist
Agreed but I have my doubts whether there is any political will to do such a thing.
Yes definitely, Rijeka was just built on a cliff and it got big because Austria-Hungary needed a port somewhere
99% of the time
or that North Korea looks to have vanished in a black hole.
To be fair, those are from Dalmatinska Zagora.
For a bit of mind-blowing, google "Texasdeutsch".
He's still French for me
cannot repay your pure beauty
Ugh, I'm so disgusted by your jealousy about our polyglotism!
5,6M according to Wikipedia, check again
I got:
We don't even know how both sides saw each other
He isn't giving up without a fight
Croatia has the smallest town in the world, Hum, located in Istria
The swirling crises have stoked fears in Brussels that the institutional crises could descend into ethnic conflict and a geopolitical confrontation, 16 years after the Yugoslav wars ended.
In some Croatian places, after a funeral there is a big meal for the friends and family (sort of like a wake but post-funeral I guess)
Also construction, but that's more of a stereotype about Gastarbeiter in Germany
The fact that Bosnia existed before Ottomans has nothing to do with the borders of todays Croatia and BiH
Same stuff about Catholics in Croatia...
They're pretty
Dobro onda, I have been outsmarted
Closing the Strait of Hormuz looks like a logical answer and it would cause the price of fuel to skyrocket
Uffizi is surreal
good one
It's more of a fun fact
just a checker board or red and white checkered fields would be nice
Croatian lands were disunited and Hungarian language was forced upon in schools in 1790., in order to ''hungarianize'' Croatia and create a Hungary from Carpathians to the Adriatic.
Italians at least in some rare cases will actually communicate with you in English or perhaps German but with Hungarians it never ever happens since they simply don't know anything, it seems English is simply not taught in their schools or any other language for that matter.
Together with that, the government ordered tablets for schools, so teachers and kids can easily scan QR codes and gain access to materials
If you're going to any country using a more popular currency like USD, CAD, JPY, CHF, etc, you can just buy it from your bank
Maybe he should switch to Buldožer immediately
The thing is
BiH is a potential powder keg but that is another story for another day.
Etiam facilisis nisi ut lectus ultricies, nec consequat nulla viverra
Nevermind, I thought your comment was a joke since I thought of januar and februar and figured all your months must end with an ''r'', but I realized they don't once I started reciting them in my head :S
Some things that nobody wants to be the best at
Because it's a shit job that pays worse than the private sector, requires an insane amount of work and dedication, has an immense amount of responsibility attached and makes everyone hate you.
Finnish should be the language of elves...
Yeah, and water is wet, of course we shouldnt put them on a fast route to EU, then trying to vet them here, vet them outside of EU, then bring refugees that need help inside.
It really was
Praesent ultricies pretium quam in viverra
I was gonna talk with you some more but i checked your post history and see you are one of those nazi sympathizers and to me that speaks volumes of your intelligence and maturity.
Spot on
I would really much like to know how to filter all of those from the general subs i'm in
In what way have you experienced Balkan hospitality if I may ask
I'm surprised nobody mentioned the guy who wanted to name his party Milan Bandić. He's funny as hell
also, turtle/tortoise
I personaly wasn't in Dubrovnik and I hope this isn't true but I heard that the main street Stradun has coffee with the price of 50 kuna (around 8 dollars) and the food like a normal pizza for 150kuna(around 65 dollars) which is an astronomic price compared to normal Croatian prices and in Zagreb the Tkalčićeva street is just a bunch of bars and restaurants that mostly are super expensive
Puna je kapi pa ih njiše.
How could they be better at rockets
Vinkovci are considered by some historians as the oldest town in the world(probably not true but might be) and two Roman emperors were born there
Other cities inland also nothing special and I can't put Zagreb since the earthquake damage still exists
I agree brother, I agree brate dragi
Its a corrupt country so it is difficult to set up productive business and then Romania imports more than it exports.
Besides it was all arranged in Yalta, years after Barbarossa started.
Among other things they estimate that there was more Native Americans in the Americas than Europe at the time...
He was captured by the Russians but later joined them
Looks a bit different now
I think it might be because most of Istria is missing on this map.
- King Petar Svačić (the last Croatian king, killed in battle by the Hungarians)
That's Ceca, Lepa Brena, Sandra Afrika...
HIV-1 has M-tropic isolates which use CCR5 receptor to enter the cell and after the deletion mutation of the 32rd locus (delta32), a person is immune to that specific HIV.
Sretan dan kolača on Croatian
Maybe it's just a matter of personal taste, then?
The classic socialist concrete squares.
Well, in 4 years we'll see how your great new president will fix all the problems.
Germans are so weird
Poverty no, how rich they are yes.
Can't remember if it was Bahrein or Qatar, saw it on highway a couple of months ago when driving home after work
And this is looking as a fake news as things are being overblown the insignia while having an resemblance to ss insignia is not the same yes it does have the two bolts and a cirlce but it stops there.
000
You and Italians need to agree first
The Irish yet again win, I wish there was someone to analyze this
Dont get me wrong, I feel more connected to Ukraine then Russia and I am really sorry for the things that are happening in your country, but Serbian people in general are not like you portreyed them to be
Is okay OP, borrow some of our cities.
You are saying that as if he was not the greatest Spanish monarch
The people in government are oportunist and dont talk about it or sanction it.
I'm a citizen of my country, of EU, of Europe, of my region, of my city, and even the city district I grew up in left some part in my overall identity
There is rugby field behind my building
They took the title of the reddest people on our beaches from the Germans.
People coming to the UK from Europe have decent lives but are looking for better opportunities.
In Croatia, right now you can get 10 for 15 kn (around €2)
If the woman was white, nobody would even report on it as nobody would care.
Here We Go Again - Constitutional Crisis in Bosnia and Herzegovina ·
They would sure help
In reality, the Serbian "Progressive" Party is
Southeastern Europe is just a new name for the Balkans, which kinda works the same as Eastern Europe in the way its perceived
Serbian independence is a result of of an ethnicity desiring their own independent state.
It snowed \~3x but collectively it might have been \~6h of snow total
Also, not all Croats hate the Serbs...
I thought it was just a picture of divided Ireland.
All right, mechanism may be more complex than previously thought, but gulf stream
A lot of my friends have left for Germany, Ireland or America
In Croatia, the priests are employed in hospitals on a good salary, and it was all introduced by Social-Democrats
Can you give me a link
It's true EU has a bunch of regulations that just serve as money theft
"Because you can be do what we want to do"
The government not wanting to piss off Turkey I believe
] They even decorate the [tunnels ] for Christmas every year
So wait, this shows the percentage of people between the ages of 20 and 64 from total population?
We fought bloody for our independence and it's annoying how uneducated you are about the country you're visiting, especially if it's in the Balkans
*(Not aimed to offend anyone)*
i actually love how NPR handled it
This was of course against the will of the wealthier states who wanted either a confederation or independence.
Just put it under everything from RT or Fox News.
Holey shit, thats huge
, and also attending many religious happenings in the area since we after all are CATHOLIC Scouts
Turkey does have land in Europe, not all of it is inside Europe, non of this is debatable
Croatia is not comparable to the rest in this regard.
Regarding the 24 hour day, no problem for me since i'm used to going to sleep after the sunrise
I was kinda expecting you would mention the coupe from a couple of years ago
Sportski clanci su svima portalima u kurcu
Not Italian, but have eaten enough panatone in my life to know this is true.
Have you not heared, dear ruler of Ayutthaya?
Mi ne volimo samo Ukrajinu mi volimo svu Slavensku Braću
I'm sorry, ニクル・テツロ was obviously Japanese...
[NBC live]
Beaches 10% tops, but probably closer to 5%
It survived eight centuries only for our generation to see it burn
Video:
EU now is easy prey for propaganda and if EU falls there will be war, it might take time but it will happen.
It leans slightly more toward green olives but barely from what I see
> Inequality will only increase
The article mentions France, they have their own nuclear forces.
Technically the question should be "Možemo li dalje
I believe this is limited to structures, not items.
We have zero standards
Well, obviously
It is always a weakness of journalists that they pretend to excavate the truth when in fact they are the conduit rather than the originator of information produced by others in their own interests.
In felis tellus, rhoncus id felis vitae, ultrices tristique lorem
I never thought Portugese sounds anything like Russian
Round them up in a camp, give them 2 options, 1 is stay there, second is go back where they came from.
We say "u tri pičke materine" meaning :"in three mothers pussies"
I really want to visit Georgia asap.
Naturism as a way of life is probably not as popular as in, for example, Germany, but we have a very long tradition with that kind of tourism so people are very liberal about it.
We have an island named Iž, but no places with one or two letters
We're also pretty sure he was born in Galilee, he was baptized by John the Baptist, was a preacher with a large following, and was crucified under Pontius Pilate
pls, take us out of our misery
Split for sure since everything criminally related or things that don't happen in other parts in Croatia happen there
It wasnt my intention to bash the italians here, to each their own, but i just can't take it, they arent my type of people
Oh my god don't even get me started
Getting fluent with the language will definitively help you with that
But more or less it wasnt presented as a big deal and I doubt most people have any opinion about it one way or another
We have that in Croatia
I always thought india leads in language diversity but i guess i was so wrong
>  I have approximately 2 sons
47 would enjoy that
All through high school some people would write in print no one said a thing
Other example, due to outbreak of African swine fever, heavy regulations regarding the slaughter of pigs that is incoming soon with Kolinje in Slavonia, Kolinje is a tradition whereby when winter is coming, we  slaughter pigs, then in traditional kolinje every part of the pig is used and preserved through some way, fat is cooked and stored for further use, we make čvarci, smoke different types of foods, even pigs insides are used, their intestines are cleaned out and then minced meat is filled inside of it with seasonings to prepare for smoking sausages, hooves are cooked and readied as Hladetina for consupmtion during winter and etc
And that tells you sweet fuck all on why some women are in pain and others aren't, and if you visit any gynecologist and do all the tests, they'll end up shrugging and saying "well, idk why it's that bad, there's nothing wrong with you physically".
For a bit of mind-blowing, google "Texasdeutsch".
We sometimes use diamond instead of rock because it goes better with paper and scissors though maybe that is just me and my town I know other places just use rock
I am definitely moving after college
As far as I know, the institute exists in every EU country, but it's only in regards to children who's parentage can't be determined.
So the argument ''at the time this was the right thing to do'' is completely justified.
I've been told I look Dutch (even though I'm pretty short)
Its more of a town, rather than a city, but people think its disgusting
"Just for good measure" hahahaha
[Battle of Krbava Field in 1493] we lost a lot of our nobility that day and it kinda reduced our standing compared to the Hungarians
Some Qatari supermarket chains joined the boycotts as well and they won’t sell French products any more
Croats said f\*ck it and attacked them in the open field
talking of trivias and les miserables, that roundabout in the upper right corner is place victor hugo, conected to arc via the victor hugo avenue
You always have to ask "compared to what
Agram, tak imam te rad
Morbi sodales dolor ac dolor vehicula, sit amet dapibus enim laoreet
&#x200B;
And all that money means diddly squat
While Serbs and Croats are extremely similair (I mean we have the same language) they are two different nations and people
[One ticket for Fhloston Paradiseee]
Later we got into a personal union and got fucked by Hungary, mostly later on though
The Germans imported rubber, the stuff you need to make tires from the UK before WW1, the British imported lenses for Binoculars and magnets for compasses.
Providing Sweden-like quality universal health care to the whole USA would be like if EU provided highest quality insurance to all member states, which is not the case
As I said, that song is just a friggin word salad
[Here they are]
I’m gonna go with these:
ovo stablo (this tree)-neutrum
one is 3:30, the other is 2:30
I’m 25 years old and have never in my life seen it without it
Their rakija sucks
Sorry i missread your comment
That actually happened in Croatia.
I worked in a store in a quite a touristy area and I would much rather have Americans getting our hellos wrong than the Italians or the French who would refuse to speak anything but Italian or French
(the one that had 3 partitions 1 for ech nation)
Croatia’s science minister rejects calls to resign amid plagiarism scandal
Well, you know: Christ, sins, sacrifice, resurrection, and all that.
Imagine Croatia city Like Zagreb or Split
Assange's point is: if you want to leak Russian secrets, there are better way to do it than giving it to Wikileaks.
I hear decagram used very often here in Croatia, mostly by older generations.
I used to live in northern Germany for a couple of years and was severely depressed
[ITD BAND - Elena]
japanke - the japanese (flip flops)
Inga is a rare name here but not considered old, huh
But they won't laugh no more
Btw, does anyone have any sort of data on how much money each country will get
Hey, I actually lived there for a year with my parents when I was little :)
Im not condoning terrorism but there was a war there and a lot of war crimes.
I think it was the same in Slovenia and Macedonia as well.
Their buildings stand to this day as one of finest in Croatia
Now if USA tried to talk to EU about it, or hell even if it informally asked Germany to intercede on USA's behalf in the Council/Parliament/whatever - it'd make some sense to talk to them first, if you won't try to address everyone at once - that would be OK.
My father served in the Croatian War of Independence (1991-1996) but also never saw combat
There was a girl by the name of Manda ( short for Magdalena, probably)
I told her it was in Czechia
Well dubrovnik already sank once why not do it again
In Europe, political parties pretty much have a consensus on the way healthcare should be
) And when they find out I'm not it's  "ugh, stupid rich internationals thinking they can pay their way in here"
Correct me if I'm wrong but a United EU wouldn't be forcing a common pan-European language on everyone
They can be served with breadcrumbs like you mentioned, but also with cream
if you see someone who looks like he took a wrong turn from giro d'italia it's probably a slovene, either with a car with 5 bikes on it or on a bike in full race gear
had no idea that Kumrovec was in Slovenia
But in general I have many friends in the US and I love it there
Religion wasn't really a big thing before the war at least not as much as today.
I don't exactly 'fit in' and in some regards I'm unusual for my country, also I couldn't care less about Croatian subreddit, sometimes I check it out when I wanna feel annoyed and disappointed lol
Yaay finally away from Serb
I guess you can doubt such records in general, but OP did say he used Wikipedia with its possibly dubious sources.
Dear God, the Cold War just does not stop giving.
-I would add Ante Pavelic,who established Croatia in WW2 after 800 years of foreign rule and Josip Broz Tito who established Yugoslavia and gained territory from Italy but these two were faschist and communist so yeah
We don't really know why we run zoom calls so much, but we do know we will stop July 30
Gladly
for 2016, more than 2 million German arrivals.
"Who understands women, can weld even wood", implying that women are impossible to understand
The worst mid air collision happened in [german airspace] The worst part is the russian plane was filled with kids going to a school trip
Well our idiots do the exact same thing all the time ...
Because what will this March accomplish
This brings up to the next problem, that NATO wants a top dog, and the only one that Russia can supply is the PAK-FA, which has its own troubles given the tiny order by the Russians, as the order was downscaled from 54 to 12.
For example I'd like to visit western US (without oregon, washington and california)
We supported and chose the monarchs ourselves.
Montenegro- Yay
Same thing for me
Probably the signs that warn you of the danger of landmines in the area
Look at a text written in those four languages and they are pretty much the same.
a type of yoghurt
Fun fact, we actually had a meteor strike 2 months ago
Neće grom u koprive
Or ~~Piran~~ *
There is no rail track any more from Hrvatska Kostajnica to Knin
Lijepo da mi smo upoznali
You Polish folks sure love to complicate things with all those s's and z's
Has Diocletian's Palace as it's city center, which is quite impressive
As much as some nationalists would hate to admit it, it's either Bosnia or Serbia
It's technically their hand that does it anyway.
I wouldnt say it was better back then because a) i was born in '85 so i dont have a lot of XP on that matter, b) we have more opportunities now for sure
Vestibulum sed lacinia felis
How tf is Belarus the most similar to us?
They are often thought of as a German company, but they're actually Luxembourgish
Only recently (iPhone 11) did Apple start to market a bit more than usual
(They weren't saints either but still)
It's mentioned only briefly if at all in our history classes and the general public see it as a just another war the USA fought to steal someone's resources
Got a mild stream of air through my nose
It would be less depressing
How wonderfully politically correct.
**ARTICLE I.**
We write them like they are or we slavicize
Bills would get paid by the money i have saved since i said "if i didnt have to worry about the money". If i get sick of it i'd just fly back home during the summer
I can confirm you can buy it in Croatia, but only in Müller stores
Oh man you've just brought back some really fond memories
Not on a street, but it's difficult to miss a [Croatian ski suit]
The people in western and southern Croatia feel the closeness better than the rest of us especially the istriots
It primes people into thinking of them as a crowd fleeing a burning city with plastic bags rather than people who pay thousands of dollars to get from a third world country into Germany or Sweden.
It's genuinely scary to me that this isn't blatantly obvious, scarier still that even when it's pointed out you are still willingly blind to it.
Submerge
I think another Croatian said it somewhere around here recently: "It's not a start of a turist season until a drunk Brit falls of the balcony"
Some fine but lesser known museums are
unlike Khan and his sons
Everybody was invading and conquering everybody else.
Setagaya the most densest Tokyo ward is only 14,728 for comparison
Sit on a beach drinking colored drinks with little umbrellas
High school is harder (also a lot depends in which one you are), but then again by that time all most kids want is the bare passing grade, which is again easy with most teachers - and people still rarely fail a whole grade.
Suffocating Sarajevo orders alternating traffic to combat pollution
They seemed to have the work ethic/organization of a western European country, but Slavic chillness and friendlieness
In what way have you experienced Balkan hospitality if I may ask
The first thing that popped in my head was [this]
Serbs in either Chetnik forces or Partisans
we share a ton of modern electricity with Serbia (Tesla)
Maybe if you cleared your throat before speaking Germans might consider you closer to them
Unfortuunately this is only in Croatian, but shows Zagreb neibourhoods in funny and interesting ways: [
Yeah like the only ones that would earn you some weird looks are Muncimir, Svetoslav, and Gojislav
Not really, mostly because half of our military equipment has a 50-50 chance of randomly failing due to age.
It's albanian own 100%. Nothing against them but if you want to try traditional food you won't get it there
I believe due to housing shortages in cities all over the continent there will be a trend of migration back to rural ares, which will (let's hope) also provoke a need for better railway infrastructure and connections
There was this thing in the balkans during the 90s and shit got rough in sarajevo so my dad packed us up and gtfo
I would disagree, Slavonia is similar to Vojvodina, but different from the rest of Serbia (as is Vojvodina(. Montenegro si similar to Dalmatia but different from the rest of Croatia
Yeah, I hate when that happens
Franz Joseph was a cunt who lived far too long..
Ireland, great bunch of lads
Unless broken german is good it isnt gonna do me much good
Also English is one of 3 obligatory exams you need to pass to finish high school (Croatian (language + literature), Maths and first language which is almost exclusively English
sure, you'll probably need to patch the roof and few windows but the house would be standing, right
maybe its the fact i dont speak german but i dont think native speakers or people that are good at the language woulde have to guess but idk maybe im wrong about that assumption
But everything else you've said is assumptive
I have no idea about is other works/activities, just the KGB stuff, which is basically the only important thing about him.
Also hats down to crete people
Ancient Rome influence
I never said they aren't, I am saying working class in SE as opposed to the W/NE
Something like our kajkavian bednja accent
People think I am not normal if I don't eat bread
I'd still say Slovenia is more brotherly than Austria, if only because they're fellow Catholic Slavs who were also under Austrian rule and influence AND the fact that unlike most neighboring states in Europe, we've never had an armed conflict, at worst we bicker about undefined borders and take the piss out of each other online
Not really recently, but last discovered from european artist russian group [Kino] mostly, although at the moment I'm more focused on central Asian music.
You can block the suspension on the fork so it acts like a city bike
I have no idea how and why, cause to me that was always the easiest task in the test, but it happens often
Although, of course, only if the Croatian standard is adopted, as it's the best
I don't think some no-life hermit like investigator dedicated his life to collecting the evidence, his lonely mission, so it took him 23 years after the supposed crime to put together a strong enough case.
Daj se skuliraj
Not at all, I'm at home everywhere
Why would you put stupid lies like this in the news
It is checkered merely to signify how utterly Croatian the tie is.
U is for always here
so true
that keeps breaking down and burning in public
Thats odd since we in Dalmatia havent felt anything
It's originally Slovenian, but it's our Yugoslav cola.
Also, you built his monument in Trieste and our government isnt too happy about it
Nunc suscipit sagittis lectus, vitae pretium mauris semper ac
Go fuck you in your fucking ass
an old word for it is also mljat [mlyaet]
it's the same like every slovenian in this thread saying "not us".
Should have kept his mouth shut, if your opinion is not popular you should be smart and show it on the voting day ;) that's how you trick the polls,.Keep your opinions to yourself
It could have been written by a Bosnian Serb, a Serbian Serb, a kajkavian Croat or by a Bosniak who didn't have good grades in Bosnian.
To me it's so wierd how the queen is Elizabeta II but her sons and grandsons are Charles, Harry
And what does air cover do without ground forces?
Wait, indonesia has 700 languages
Thanks man
This is r/askEurope
But looking at the photos provided in this thread it seems that independence is just a first step in an attempt to unite with Albania?
You don't know it's true, it's a lie to claim that
Also Yugoslavia had a more market-oriented economy, and things worked differently than in other socialist countries.
It's also common that they use the property for gardening and winemaking.
Now, pushing crappy music is never a good idea
”  Kind of sucks to not at least try to make even a small effort to fight the cancer
French people are so badass, I'm sure you won't give up
>Most people worked 7 to 5,
also, the UK isn't a big enough global player to affect me in any way
Istria
I'll list them here with links to the song i like the most of them
Its common between family members (parents, aunts, cousins, etc) and friends that you havent seen in a while
Well Bosnians appear in a lot of our jokes (Mujo i Haso)
The history ends with Croatian war of independence, and in truth that is the way it should be, now bear with me, it's not a nationalistic view
I'm sure that she is a filthy PKK member and / or Gühlen supporter.
As someone else pointed out "America" **the continent** had thousands of years of history with empires, religions, literature
Why do you even use a non-bank ATM, those are the "scam" ones
From my experiences very few younger people eat bread in zagreb as well, its just not good for you
Toyko, Nagasaki, Fukushima, Hiroshima, Kyoto, Sapporo, Niigata, Fukuoka, Saga, Mutsu, Sendai, Kobe, Kure, Yokosuka, Kochi, Yura, Kaga, Katori, Kashima, Ise, Kirishima, Sasebo (Happy 130 years
They're known for the truth and nothing but the truth.
You say this if there are a lot of people at one place, i.e. like Russians and Chinese combined
Pine Tree = Bor
It's a bit more complicated than "they are the same".
As a Croat, I have to say this whole "Slovenia is tiny" joke is idiotic.
I feel that multitude of spires makes it look gaudy and too much
Nat onli em aj ekstenzivli trejnd in anarmd kombet bat aj hev akses tu d intajr arsenal of d intarj Junajtd Stejts Marin Korps end aj vil juz it tu ful ikstent tu vajp jur mizrabl es of d fejs of d kontinent ju litl šit
In Croatia, we try not misbehave near the holidays as we know who's always watching...
It's about gay people standing up for their rights
Well Vocin had that genocide and they are naturally very sensitive about it and there are also still some Serbs in the area
Fucker
Not a country thing, but in ym town you are officialy a member once you get fined for driving a bike (Wich is sadly very common).
TFW we had people walking around named Zec Jelena Rabbit Deer that can be seen as Rabbit fucked a deer
- Ljudevit Gaj (the creator of modern day Croatian grammar, invented our modern latin alphabet by adding the letters š, ž, č, ć, đ and others)
Ugh my relatives would get water guns out and spray us that way
Students have their cafeterias, in which the food might not traditional (or edible sometimes), but it can get your stomach full for 0
>stop making it be a media thing
Yeah
It needs a yellow inbetween
I guess it just depends on how you define multiethnic states, really
I feel a massive divide between myself and the americans, while I have no problem at all talking with fellow Europeans
They paid the same as we residents would if we didnt have coverage
I really doubt
[And today]
"It even works with a coat of arms
some more Croatian:
Trains in my part of the country are shitty and extremely slow
Firewoooorks
I agree brother, I agree brate dragi
Of course it does
Nah my bitchiness is really delightful once you get to know me better
Housing in student homes is also free but you got to have points to get in
His name is [Hrvatko] He's a banker.
Now imagine that nobody cares, because these aren't rich people cars, they're just cars and the owner of the Porsche doesn't feel like driving so they decide to take their bike or even the tram to work
Yeah Dubrovnik is a lot smaller so tourists basically overrun the place, especially in July/August
Would it tho
Which lake is it
This is a wrong move as it puts more strain on those that work and pay taxes...
> Fertility rate PL; 1
yup, zvono means bell and zvonar is bell ringer, zvončar is dialectal, I think, and zvončari is plural :)
But this argument is also something that can be used by shitty people that want (e.g.) Nazi stuff in public
I'm feeling so rich
Without it the race would still be on and Clinton would be winning by a little instead of losing by a lot.
Did they solve the border triple problem
The value of the market itself however, is where its at
Hague cleared Ante Gotovina from any rong doing.
Neither of which is worthy of respect
They finally started to try and limit cruisers allowed in the port so that should help in the future, as well the people allowed in the main centre so that you can actually enjoy the visit and not just be annoyed at the crowds
Its not something that will happen in 20 years but in 200 we will ask our self where did all that people go since then we will have like 200m of Germans, Italians and french and Spanish but no Estonians or Slovakians
And paying manually is pain in the ass, you have to go to post, bank or somewhere, and also people are lazy to do that haha
This seems to be the cultural and political norm in many Islamic countries.
Niko is a popular Crotian name
[But there are forests] many forests, you are never out of sight of a forest, even if they all are just tree farms basically.
The most popular here are [cartons] and [plastic bottles] There are also [''mljekomat'' machines] in front of the stores which sell fresh milk that you have to cook yourself later.
They were huge here 10-15 years ago but people probably have no idea they're German
I thought the gendered division is exclusively an Anglo thing
Let me guess, you're from Portugal?
Yeah, compare it to SU-57 or Mig-31 (dont)
fewer and less
Hello, this is Bengal tech support how may we help?
Imagine if the entire EU had a network like France
I wouldnt say it was better back then because a) i was born in '85 so i dont have a lot of XP on that matter, b) we have more opportunities now for sure
Better use those resources to influence the younger/less radical ones before the lunatics get to them, if you'll do anything at all.
In a ceremony where the best army cadets received awards, he approached a female cadet and told her to take off her facemask so "that everyone could see her beautiful face" and added that she is "not only smart, but beautiful too" on live tv
...just kidding
[ITD BAND - Elena]
Interview with Kolinda Grabar-Kitarovic, Croatia’s president, who spoke on an all-female panel on the necessity of NATO at the Halifax National Security Forum
Going 150kph is much less efficient than going 120, and the difference increases with speed
That's probably why I've heard some people lose appetite and get nauseous when smoking weed.
It is going bad for us because of our demography, lots of old people, so we end up having less money for the healthcare system which is currently in debt
East for us begins at Belarus, Moldova and Ukraine
The Americans are a bit better at this, the British are aweful and you're inexperienced as hell so here's the rundown.
In span of less than two weeks temperature has gone from nice 16° to 8°, even 3° in the morning and late at night and it will not go back up for the next 5 months
It would also be interesting to compare how many people are bikeowners in Amsterdam in comparison to Zagreb
During a rule of Duke Branimir, on 7th June 879, Duchy of Croatia was officially recognized as a state by Pope John VIII
Lol what
Easy for you with all that plain terrain
I want so see the rage when he meets someone called Tvrtko
It is the same letter as Croatian "Dž".
weird to me
Ironic of you to use that condescending tone
Looks rather similar for me
In 1991 we were at least put in voat of arms again and now many want regions removed again.
Country is filled with assault rifles, mortars, MANPADS, MANPATS, and various other weapons, all of which are already illegal.
Macedonian is the closest language to Russian out of all official laguages of Yugoslavia
Izvinite is completely acceptable in croatian.
Later in life I realised that [this] is absolutely not normal
I never said that the secession was legal, but I do think it was right
Walls are expensive, quadcopters and smallarms aren't.
Slovenians
Slow news day, huh
Wind - Pag, Sibenik
well, he never mentioned any landmarks.
I guess they only counted full lions, we only have lion heads.
Why would he care about new POTUS NATO policy, or suggest some scenario, when even non NATO Finland spends less than 2 % of their GDP on defence.
Oh yeah, that would get you shot in Croatia
As such, despite the horrors that the Vukovar region bore witness, also including the Ovčara massacre, it's also a point of pride for us
It's a number of homicides per 100 000
she was in hungary the day after yesterday :/
Not these fuckers that keep commenting how they like the dark and cold winters
Why is he so persistent
Korean corporate forcing Serb workers not only to bow out of respect, but to go face on the floor to show submission.
Czech, Slovak and Polish all sound like cute, toddler talk
It’s a cliff in the middle of a valley
you can always buy an extra smartphone, keep it hidden somewhere public and use it on public wifi or something
Hell
For me personally I don't care, papir, kamen, skare is shorter but kamen is too long for the shooting and papir, skare, dijamant is maybe too long
Not just cigarettes but also weed here and there
Oh no no no no not again, pls no Austria in Hungary again
He must be a SJW so harrasment = rape for him /s
Triglav mountain on flag (also the highest point in Slovenia).
The numbers would consequently indicate Corona saving lives
Edit: Also [this] I have just found this and think it is an interesting read
You can just drive randomly anywhere in Croatia and you will hit a national, regional, nature park or something interesting within minutes
My Gulf Arab overlords are cheap fucks.
Wha what
I think it is blown out of proportion.
The videos on the Ukrainian side are either much better acted or a more or less objective representation of the situation over there.
It is a bit tone deaf to compare Tuđman to death squads and the Native American mess, BUT keep in mind that foreigners hear conflicting reports about the war, there *was* at least some level of shadiness from our side (like for example the earlier plan to partition Bosnia, also I wouldn't put it past Del Ponte to at least try to trial Tuđman for Storm, regardless of whether it'd have worked), also as others pointed out, he was responsible for the nasty "privatization" of the 90's.
That is because western people will never comprehend this;
Also balaclava doesn't protect your eyeballs.
And also it's not even clear that there's a majority support for independence in the first place since all the people against independence didn't vote as they agreed with the government stance that the vote is illegitimate
Here right now it's 15C (no wind and humid albeit cloudy) and I have a t-shirt, a sweater and a jacket on
Then there is some other issue at play.Perhaps their balance of trade is screwed up.
All through high school some people would write in print no one said a thing
I misspoke if I left that impression
Let's not
Really stabbing
A simple majority is defined as 50% +1.
Most people would rather do something to get more stuff rather than do "leisure". Entire human civilization has been developed in this manner: need food to live, get better at making food
So if I shoot a gun blindfolded and kill someone, even though I didn't want to kill anyone, I didn't murder anyone?
Draza was working with Nedics fascist Serbia and with nazi Germany and was a war criminal.
I live on an island and there is nothing better than some bread with your spaghetti
Things were same when we had a conscription, and they plan to keep the same model.
[I found it made of brick, but left it made of marble.]
So weird
Laszlo Biro invented the ballpoint pen, but Slavoljub Penkala invented the mechanical/automatic pencil which was later developed into a fountain pen
There are protestant serbs on occasion as well, Mormons, but the vast majority are Orthodox and its the traditional faith.
Though of course it falls into the usual European pitfall of not explaining itself very well
If my memory serves me correctly they just keep changing which tower they work on
I don't know about Slovenia but here people are massively emigrating to western countries
Coming there in May, it still had snow and it was the most beautiful scenery I've ever seen in my life
That's actually how people think of you
One name and one surname (usually paternal) is the norm
Well sort of, there are parts of my country that are very poorly populated , but I think that you can't get more isolated then an hour ride
Funny, I'm not from the NW Croatia so I didn't have much contact with those dialects, but I managed to understand a good bit
You can feel empathy even for bad people
And if a parliament is expected to ratify something, it should also have a right to decline it, or the whole process of ratification becomes meaningless.
Eyes, Mouth, Ears and Nose
I've heard a russian youtuber (NFKRZ) call the Russian constitution the greatest work of fiction ever written
Actually I've seen it myself
Also waste menagment which is here absolute shite
What are you on about
So if you want something reciprocal you should aim for boycotts, not sanctions
Means sth like "we're playing different card suits" - "we can't come to an agreement/we're talking about different things", it refers to the card games tresette and briscola
Nahh
Then when restrictions get lifted the weather sicks
I was in the English CS:GO voice chat and I spoke Croatian language as I was talking with my brother and no one else and they were making fun of our language saying stuff like: "their language is stupid" or "I would kill myself if I spoke their language" me and my brother just stopped and said "we also speak English you idiots" at the same time
At the end it always falls down to 20-25
Should have stayed with our Czech brothers and sisters =(
Indeed stupidly false, I wish it was 50% though
22° or so
I am more worried about regional (and subregional) accents and dialects
Recently he spoke Croatian in Croatian Parliament.
Yea I agree with you
- **pretty/nice** > l*e*po (serbian) - l*ije*po (croatian)
The establishment of Yugoslavia is also very important after WW1 and although we don't like to mention this, WW2 and the NDH period also had an influence later on with forming of our modern day state
But also Italian, specifically in Istria region it's second official language
Lived in Denmark and Germany for total of 5 years and now going back to Croatia again this year
Be it the hospital waiting list, politicians, police, getting a job etc
Well, they look like buddies to me;
I just remember waking up to everything shaking pretty badly and thinking it was that damn draft again
When I was in high school, my classmate (who was always late) used the excuse that the tram he was in had an uncontained fire and burnt down which was obviously bullshit
EDIT 3 :: doctors are trying to save the life of 15 year old that was reported dead, let's hope they succeed
Stupid example, but  "okrenuti" (to turn around) means something different in Montenegrin than it does in Croatian
It’s considered budget with mediocre quality
What I see difference in young people that we(?!) don't do shots, it is mostly relaxed, wine and beer, but after three anything goes
Other than Pecs I don't really know what to say as I have only been to Budapest which is very famous but I heard Gyor is quite nice too and also Kaposvár.
At an angle is far better than putting them flat.
The closest I've ever heard along those lines was  "Kao da čitam Kineski" (As if I were reading Chinese) or just simply "Ma, Kineski" (Bah, Chinese)
Gulf Arab monarchies have over decades cultivated a enormous network of people who sympathize with Wahhabi ideology as set forth by Muhammad ibn Abd al-Wahhab.
Being from northern Croatia, I feel the same as Slovenia
There will be a lot of quiet Macron supporters who will only declare their support in the private ballot box.
I think we have found the vector.
It sound like a Russian-Croatian mix without any vowels whatsoever
I'm a sucker for medieval Italy
Whoever made this label intended it a joke, a way to present an absurdity that can "only happen in the balkans".
But how can the second one be translated into so many words
Not sure about the ethimology
From your previous posts you seem to have an agenda against Croatians, why is that?
Also Cedevita, for all vitamin drinks (powder + water)
︎ milijun (10^6 ) = million
What kind of places were you at
Tank: "I am foliage"
In the US, not in in the USSR
that one is the black sheep of the family
Southerners decided the same thing about honest Abe.
Make buying tickets via app quick and easy
So, I was basically untouchable in the company as lomg as I did my job
Welcome to the age of clickbait!
People ar stupid man :/
It's like when that british lady jumped off from a cruiser that was on the italian-croatian sea border lol
i mean, it's called "tornado alley" ffs, you know it's gonna hit
In Croatia we have a saying that France did more for Croatia in its 5 years of rule than Austria did in its 500 years of rule
You have to bring some American craft beers.
Lol, you think so
In my oppinion if a country sends armed forces to its borders to protect from immigrants it's perfectly fine and reasonable.
Zanzibar is also worth mentioning
(Who has not hidden, he is a donkey)
That's not the same as the actual folk.
Caliphate of Córdoba was absolutely European.
Biggest military embarrassment since the Suez crisis
Don't make me go nitpicking
)In 20 years these extra people will hit the workforce.
So you're left with two kinds of people - the incompetent, who can't get access to EU funds and if they do, can't use them effectively, and the corrupt, who use the money to line their pockets
Are you thinking of a hedgehog
Aleksi
* 10^15 -> Bilijarda
In the other locations it was well received.
Perhaps, if they were treated better by the UK they wouldn't have had the political environment that generated a movement towards neutrality
- **pretty/nice** > l*e*po (serbian) - l*ije*po (croatian)
The trickster
Hello my Slavic brother, as far as South Slavic nations go we don't have many creatures tied to water, we mostly have creatures tied to forest like Vile(benign fairies), the undead creatures such as vampires, young children spirits that died and cursed beings such as Vukodlak basically a werewolf but one created from curse that stems from killing a wolf (greatest sin in Slavic mythology)
cannot take criticism, as demonstrated by the downvotes to this comment
True, I don't know who the president is right now.
[Here] you can find punctuation that we use.
On this day 25 years ago Dubrovnik saw its heaviest bombardment of the Old Town
So I see absolutely no reason why the Belgian government would apologize for something it didn't do
Its hard to imagine someone so incompetent
You still aren't getting Dalmatia
Correct me if I'm wrong but aren't all 3 languages pretty much recognized.
Considering how many drivers use Google maps and Waze for turn-by-turn navigation, can it be considered "manipulating human behavior using AI" if it tries to decongest the traffic by rerouting a large amount of people
The entirety of [Dubrovnik]
You want trade without tariffs, you got it.
so you are not listening to the news lately?
Wow, didn't know München was so high
Are people even aware they have abandoned Kemalism
Failing that, you could have, you know, just typed "Sofia" in google instead of asking a pretty ignorant question.
Considering the trains are older than me and the railway is older than my grandparents I really don't wanna call our train system an option
And now you can play with those phrases and their word order or add stuff to it
I thought it was just Communism
People put all kinds of things in it, so you can often see chicken legs just kinda poking out of a jelly soup
When the audience was asked how many of them welcomed Brexit, only one hand went up - and it turned out that belonged to a businessman who wanted more EU reform and was fed up with Britain slowing things down.
I made a whole post about prople not having Cockta or Schweppes Tangerine, so, those 2
EU institutions in European languages
I'm not sure why they bother, but I kinda like it, makes me feel like we're still connected in a way
There are at least 2
Come and take it, but you will also have to take our national debts and corrupt politicians!
[Čuj, kompa kužiš, kolko ti je krevet dug, tolko se i pružiš]
But how can one be so stupid to miss the deadline 83 times?
Yes, it's so unreasonable and petulant to think that the people preaching ethnic homogenity and classifying entire nationalities, religions, and ethnicities as 'undesirable' or rapists are Nazis.
Trusting it's power is a mistake
They were Emu collaborators
Same way as finland doesn't really have anything to do with hungary despite the languages being related
Pula: Roman arena
Interspar is the best German store, not Lidl
It was built as a joint venture between SR Slovenia and SR Croatia.
How are they harmless if they give me panic attacks?!
My recommendations: (Mainly second hand information)
It is like when they say Turkey is in Europe but in reality it is in little Asia
We have 5 kuna (HRK) coin in Croatia and it's also quite big
Nobody pays attention to what those words say, it's important that they have sone graphic, because plain shirts are out of fashion
- My country, Croatia, is always in between of central, southern and southeastern
Italians also have [a Fritzl
And yet there is something like 1 million job vacancies in Germany, my friend got a job after a 5min conversation...
Some Romanian was spoken in Captain America: Winter Soldier as well, no
Hungary monarch came to the Croatian throne, about 11th century, we haven't had a sovereign country since then
Research carried out in Switzerland based on 422 buried skiers indicates how the chances of survival drop:
~~It's not a matter of belief, I'm telling you a fact
And yet only a minority of cities experience attacks.
in every house that you come like guest no matter time you'll be offered alcohol and food
- Petar Zrinski and Fran Krsto Frankopan (members of the Croatian-Hungarian movement against Austrian centralism and absolutism)
We literally have the same sounds, minus-plus one or two
We did it EU
Canadians bailing out other Canadians.
That's not to say that Spanish is harder, it's a pretty easy language actually
Good point haha
Every winter I look forward to taking pictures of my snow covered village
You better not be asian or black tho because we dont have those in istria and we'll be able to see through your disguise
I guess the EP didn't want to anger the leftists so they left out the word communism
like some of the guys that were meant to be put on trial were in the same category of prisoner as the nazi top brass
"Romanians aren't Slavic"
Large ones
The only British tourists I ever encountered were these 2 old ladies who turned out to be the cheapest people I've ever met (paying the **exact** amount for their meal, not leaving a single lipa as tip)
[I want your sex] was a big hit back then but now it's almost forgoten.
In humans, it is, because we can feel it.
P R O G R E S S I V E
Most people are voting *against* and not *for* a certain party or candidate
Cocaine and meth can [melt your nasal septum] and [cocaine may destroy your blood-brain barrier] Cocaine can also [cause a stroke] Cannabis has none of those complications.
Some really great beaches in Croatia, but it depends on your definition of great beach.
We also have a lot of Italian names for coastal towns in Croatia which sound very Mediterranean to me and nice
Koji kurac
In croatia we had a techno-manager who was described as Jesus Christ savior appointed as our prime minister.
[Palace of the roman emperor Diocletian AD 305 in Split]
^^(There&nbsp;goes&nbsp;my&nbsp;cunning&nbsp;plan&nbsp;;_;)
Funny how Greeks literally had the same statement
So I play whatever I feel like
My sister has one on her nose and noone seems t ogive a damn
You fell for a media campaign and sure that could happen anywhere.
For example, in Yugoslavia existed the companies that produced the same product that would compete
A cry for help, in time of need, await relief, from apple league
Dont know much about Croatian and Serbian youtubers but they’re not much different
So I would say we are Central-Southern Europe and Balkan
Thank you for explaining it to me
This guy is really scared of water, flair checks out
What are some of the weirdest Serbian dialects
Which one
I love beaches, nature
Just curious
> And marriage is just for straights - says fucking who
They are not necessarily anti-German, but they do exist
I believe that in 'prosinac' it is actually the meaning under d for [pro-]
Nunc accumsan turpis nec vestibulum vulputate
Aight imma head out"
What are some "fake" English words that are used in your country
We are the President of the Board, and we run the company via zoom calls only
Personally I cannot fathom not learning a foreign language in school, it's a norm here
Eh, CNN is constantly pushing a left leaning narrative and every now and then they have to apologise for publishing lies, or messing with quotes.
Like BMT and pepsi from the tap
OK, so let me get this streight.
In school i dont recall using anything except space
I guess people like seeing the stereotypes surrounding them and what other people think of them, I can't blame them tbh, I like seeing stereotypes and shit about my country
In reality the saudi royal family is funding ISIS there is no denying that and it can be seen in the podesta emails too so it is not just a conspiracy theory.
Was it inevitable that they'd commit the biggest genocide in human history
There are some countries i'd theoretically like to move to because i'm getting sick of primitivism here but not a lot
If you consider this interesting, look up videos featuring the KGB defector Yuri Bezmenov.
I fucking hate that man
[And the map is ready
Chill bro, portuga1 yo, let him go man
However, there is a higher pricer you pay for taking the train here
It's worth it, but I don't suggest staying right in the city if you are going on a beach holiday.
What a great Christmas present
I have them but i dont wear them often becuse i own only few of them
In some countries the day is actually commemorated as The European Day of Remembrance for the Victims of All Totalitarian and Authoritarian Regimes
Pretty much as you said
Susramlje, basically the same thing
lol
That's how you wipe a city off the face of the planet.
And as you can see from for example Switzerland, this index doesn't exactly tell you a lot about things like GDP, education, democracy, healthcare etc etc.
We have 8 years of primary school, and then 4 of high school where you choose between a gymnasium and a vocational school (some vocational schools for example like the ones for hairdressers and automehnaics last 3 years)
It was called the Congo Free State and it was the personal property of King Leopold
Ajvar is a hot sauce
Pasta is there instead of the bread
We don't know that, because we can only speculate what the other scenario would have been if the history played out differently.
Because we are in the EU our medical professionals have a tendency of leaving the country for better pay and work conditions
So if we buy burgenland under the idea of croatian minority living there, this means flr the first time since 10th century after hungarians settled in pannonian basin, south and west slavs would be connected
some of places in [Croatia]
(Which again they armed and manipulated to start fighting and at the end when they saw that they will lose the war, abandoned and tell them to run away from Croatia
I would love to visit your country one day
It's an issue with all Italian tourists, they keep thinking Italian is an international language that's taught in every school around the world.
Could you give any examples
They are nowhere near the US in terms of power.
I prefer ducks and turkey
Tru dat
I still think that spanish and french are too loud tho and i guess i wanna escape that "southern mentality" as well
To be more precise, the reason that the Serbian king was in power was because of that organization.
No Rick and Morty reference yet
TUDUDUDUDU, NEMA NAM POMOCIIIIII
Developing, but it'll take more time.
Then we have central and north-western bit, where Croatian capital is
Kneževi vinogradi literally means prince's vineyard or duke's vineyard(Knez meaning duke but we can go with prince too and Kneževi is the same word but as an adjective) and Miholjac means st
about as expected
I must say, as a Croat, it's easier to understand Slovaks than Czechs
Doesn't that country have a lot more other things to deal with than if the president is a female or a man
The old town is in desperate condition and "thankfully" "only" one person died
I love that it is an inflected language and that word order is almost meaningless
To the left of it is the main entrance to Pula port and these bad guys guarded it together with a fortress in the woods which is not visible and overgrown
Go ahead, I've explained it multiple times now.
That is not multiculturalism, tho, it is multilateral international action
That is because western politicians are a bunch of spineless worms that like to tap each other on the shoulder about how altruistic they are.
You are disgusting
*Stavno* doesn't mean anything, that's not "standalone" word.
Well if USA begins isolating itself from the NATO partners, then it's only logical for the EU to acquire nuclear weapons.
I always try to learn at least how to say “Hello, do you speak English
We didn’t use to do that until a couple of years ago when some random man walked into our house
You won't. It is all about the money that the company cares
While it's taxed at a lower rate than a salary, to pay a divided you need to first make a profit
We have a testing in the 2nd or 3rd grade of the elementary school where you have to swim to the end of the pool and PE teachers are observing your swimming.
It's always been some dickhole from the middle of nowhere America who thinks I'm weird and probably poor because I come from a smaller "third world country" and that it explains why I'm so out of touch with "all things America"
I'd say in Croatia every city and town that is not on te coastline and isn't Zagreb is underrated like Varaždin, Osijek, Sisak and Vinkovci being examples but Osijek mostly since it has a swamp nature reserve a few kilometers from there, the tallest concathedral after the Zagreb cathedral was shortened, beatiful river with a path along it,  a cool bridge, the best cuisine in Croatia(arguable but true) and generally a beatiful Austro-Hungarian city with an old town fort(Tvrđa) in the center near the river
There is a reason we dont pay for the water in Ireland, **i dont drink it** ,only if i run out of bottled one
A lot of Croats are regulars on Sziget festival, or flying from/to Budapest Liszt Ferenc
I guess the reason for the aggressive campaign against Serbia was to stop the fighting once and for all.
There are still poets and artists that have been born in the region claimed by Italians as theirs
It is full of drops so it sways them
Humans can eradicate diseases
Yep, it's become so bad that they are now going to allow entrance only to a limited number of people per day, since it's a UNESCO site and they're damaging it.
Today marks the 155th anniversary of the unification of Romania
The young people don't really care nor some of the elderly people example are concerts, Croatians love Serbian bands and vice versa so you can see Croats, Bosnians and Serbs enjoying music together on concerts
But no, they wanted to make "great Serbia".
Also our ID serves as a passport for every other EU memeber, EEA members, Switzerland, Bosnia and Herzegovina and Kosovo
Croatia also has the highest number of UNESCO Intangible Goods of any European country together with Spain
I certainly would, but for 15 years
Not German, but I may have a solution to this
Praesent ultricies pretium quam in viverra
But a well known warning to Croats travelling to Czech Republic is not to adress women/girls as 'cura' (girl, girlfriend in Croatian) as it's very similar to 'coura' (whore in Czech)
you know you crossed the line when even the right wing party wants to implement mandatory vaccination
Europe currently spends its days being petrified of Russia trying anything
for example, your lie in shigatsu
You're OK with this and then you get mad when journalists try to maximize their profits the easiest way (selling out, writing propaganda pieces for companies and governments).
Sharpen your knives roman army veteran and let's dance
But that's good for everyone really, now you might be able to survive against Ming, stick together!(And contact people up north/northeast)
I've felt the same for a while now, but to be honest with US and UK turning inwards I feel quite opportunistic.
Passing the group is expected, everything else is a bonus, especially with our current form and game
Try to pearn a bit of croatian
Most people either work legally or they don't work at all - even the idiots learned by now that the "illegal employers" tend to forget to give you a paycheck.
It's not really a movement for independence but more for autonomy
The city centre is pretty nice, but I didnt feel too safe in the other areas of the town
Well, for foreign tourists it is
Whether you like to admit it or not, our forces fought very bravely for our people and it's for this reason that Rebpulika Srpska exists to this day.
Ju kent spik ingliš?
But it looks like it's the same in many other countries.
Because they were three dominant religions in the ex-Yu area, it was also quite normal to hear of an atheist child, whose parents came from two different religions
I just wanted to add some more to the list
Yea, "Rathaus" bounces somewhere between "rat-house" and "war-house", depending on which language I'm thinking in.
I think that one is flawed I don't see europe
what
I think people are way off on these figures and we don't nearly understand as much has we'd like to think.
The screams are clearly coming from inside the house
Supermarkets had "now open 'til noon on saturday" banners, and pretty much nothing worked on sundays
A lot of people study there as well, but they still keep on living in Croatia
Belarussian one is really low effort
Aenean sed malesuada tortor
Romania is by far the most underrated country for tourism
Drinking beer-12 years in max security prison, smoking a cigarette-life sentence without the possibility of parole
Not at all, I'm at home everywhere
There are a lot of problems there because Bosnia has an old oil refinery on their side that is polluting a lot but the people of Slavonski Brod can't do much about it because the refinery is in an other state
I dislike the, by me perceived genetar nature of these posts, which I'm perceiving to be mockery over these kinds of things
The company is German, job position is a great one (fashion industry and clothing), colleagues are German and yet the same sh*t has been happening
If only others would follow
We will continue to do zoom calls by July 30
Only germans like their bread, it's simply not eaten anywhere else, there are so many other breads that are way better and tastier
We're in Zagreb though
Eventually one of those mutations is different enough that it can infect vaccinated people as well, because it is no longer the same virus
If your local bank is owned by Societe Generale, Unicredit, or whatever, the group usually has lower or even no fees when withdrawing from their ATMs no matter where they are in Europe
Write it as two seperate thigns, please and thank you very much our dear neighbour
Well I think for us it is obvious
... that had nothing to do with support
yes he was for sure, but insane, that is a reach, I've been thinking habsburgs were rulers for some time and some of them were quite insanse
Positive
That doesn't mean they're the least chauvinistic
Not a historian or an expert in Montenegro but my guess is because the Venetia influenced ( ruled/ was in war with) Dalmatia and the adriatic coast for a long time, so the international name stayed.
I beleve its only happened twice so far
I mean its about a dozen books each year on mandatory list and about three times as much where you have an excerpt and talk about it
That's an interesting story
you picked the best and worse here and there to get the result you wanted.
Is there snow all year round or what
Its more of a town, rather than a city, but people think its disgusting
Bosnians - they are really looking out for their own, more than any other nation.
There is no punishment, it's EU rules and that's it.
Of course ordering words completely differently in every sentence would be super weird
Italy: Migrant Arrivals Reach Highest in EU
I know that many people don't want to hear this but we need them and we need them working properly.
I really don't know what he means.
It's common for Bosnians to say that we are uncultured savages for calling it Burek sa sirom
But, I won't. Cause I actually like England
In their mission statement, the group proclaims it's their goal to "wake up the silent majority" in favor of European ideals.
And I haven't read the books in Croatian, only English
Pathetic
Serbia
He did WHAT
awful
Don't bother, there isn't one
[BOA - Svi tvoji poljupci]
It could be considered "light" by a lot of standards, and that guys dress [nicely]
No, they just replied to me so I reply back.
You never know, maybe the homo's [are to be phobed about.]
" In a way, he was right: We were laughing at the idea of the sheer insanity that he could possibly become President
It's always good to know what's Putin up to in his free time
In Bosnia, everyone smokes, or at least they used to.
Usually Slovenian surnames end with -ič while Croatian and Serbian end with -ić.
>Actually it's not like that at all
I know, slavic languages are generally like that ;)
[Svečenikova djeca/Priests children ]
Or to make special arrangements until everything is ready
It has a good beat to it and I like listening to it when working/studying
Now, if I notice this in the capital and the largest city (around 800 000 people) then you can just imagine how it looks in smaller towns or villages
According to [article] written by RTL back in 2012., downloading TV shows, movies and music is legal for personal use only.
That would throw a wrench in their economies and we can't have that, can we
Other stuff is Italian on the west side in Istria as the first second and that is about it
Catholic Serbia* although people who say this are aware how triggering it is
Otherwise it's just going to be Macron giving some Hakuna Matata speech and there will be no societal changes
And this is just geographic
Just that Norman is such a nice blanket term for warlike people from the north.
It's albanian own 100%. Nothing against them but if you want to try traditional food you won't get it there
100 000 islands and islets
People think we just fight and cause ruckus (usually the ones who hate on eachother are the uneducated and the old that are passing it down onto other generations)
And is using it to post by far the best growth numbers, which are a major reason why Germany managed to come out of the recession as fast as it did.
Ouch
Only tourists use them, and almost always there's a bank ATM 10 meters away
It probably depends on the demographics of included people.
Turns out guns don't mean shit when the other side has more and the Confederacy actually had a decent military with some world class leadership and it still didn't mean shit because quantity has a quality of it's own.
000
He then created his own party which failed to win any seats in the parliament, it will be remembered mostly for this tragic [campaign ad] and the parodies of it: [Allahu Akbar] [Hail Satan] [Metal] [Long Live Greater Serbia]
>*That few would take notice*
The weird thing is, none of those sounded weird (well, not so much) until you translated them
(joke)
Iirc the Serbian football team coach said: "Why can't you play like the Croats
: )
Oh yes, the nature and cultural heritage are beautiful, even infrastructure isn't too bad (internet is slowish though), but besides tourism (which is seasonal), many people lack opportunity to find a decent job, or any job.
We are not going to let you win in this cringe contest.
It might be because you're the designated "stingy" folks?
:-(
Radius of 100km gets me to one neighbouring country, 200km to another three countries, 400km to two more and 600km to two-three more
Cats personally, 100%. Though I like dogs too, but I'm kinda scared of some of them and in my opinion cats are just much cuter
Ah yes, tell us again of how it was in fact the communists who killed innocent Croatians who they mistakenly associated with fascists.
Fusce velit sapien, mollis vel euismod ac, pellentesque quis tellus
You might get some modern newly built mansions at the sea side with pool and other ammenities
I was sure my sarcasm was damn obvious
On Croatian thread minority of replies are from Serbs and most of them said "yes, but not in some extreme scenarios".
The problem are still those who never leave that bubble
Who works more than 8 hours a day regularly
- Josip Broz Tito (president of Yugoslavia)
They only made a rule that for 2 hours they wont have class on fridays and they said they will make sure that other religous sermons throughout the week would be respected.
She has done an outrageous thing in Israel by being promiscuous while still in her father’s house.
In Zagreb, around 5-10% of the total amount of sidewalks have bike lanes
Or: "Jebemu boga, po sedamdeseti put danas, baba, ovo NIJE stan Ivančić, ja NE ZNAM gospodina Ivančića ni njegovu ženu, doviđenja"
well the same people who vote for Orbán, or Janša. I'm glad to say I don't have those types in my family or among friends
I'm going to include news sites, they get more peppery than the newspapers.
Zagreb
That's why I said *mostly* Serbian organisation.
Hahaha
Do they choose their own saint and date
Barcelona - Edinburgh - Vienna - Dubrovnik - Valletta
We have an island named Iž, but no places with one or two letters
Think of it this way, if I say for example: "Grandma killed grandpa" (Baka je ubila djeda), the emphasis is on the killer, but if I put Grandpa first in the sentence then we are finding out the victim
They killed Croatians who were in Domobrans (homedefenders, sort of like wehrmacht so not fascists) just because they refused the communist government and fled to other countries.
You don't want to mess with her, do you?
It's anti government for sure but very trash
Although tbh I believe if you develop an ear for a language (and it uses a phonetic alphabet) you can spell almost anything
I heard about mistaking your and you\`re but I didn't notice that at all in my English classes
Jel toliko tesko istraziti malo po googleu, nego ovdje glumiti jebenog idiota
Cairo is crazy
The thing is that it is not easy to tell where these people come from ...
There are bigger countries out there with a fraction of the languages you have
Last I heard of it is that his trial for corruption finally properly started a month or so ago.
Wow, here in Croatian we call that place "Pik". I wonder where those words come from
not so cool
It always saddens me how Dubrovnik is known as "that Game of Thrones city" and not as the historically independent city-state which has:
You live and learn each day
Just paint the EU flag over that breastplate and you have a far better captain Europe right there.
Not sure if it fits OP’s question but whatever
Northern parts of Croatia use "kladivec" as a word for hammer
If you're hopping for things to get better, good luck because realistically, this is it.
Because they present their problems as everybody's problems
I think Finland is "up there" for pretty much everyone, or am i not understanding something?
Maybe Bruxelles would be better.
(gold, sun,?honestly idk the translation, it's just a word, love)
New Market = Novi Pazar
Their December gift-giver is st.
Montenegro, [we and you are not in the total ass-end of the cool kids anymore!]#Very_high_human_development)
A movement that went so far left that they managed to turn the corner and ended up in far right country.
No matter how nice you treated Romanians or Serbs and how much language rights you gave them, if given a choice between their mother country and Hungary they'd always choose their mother country
Summer all year long, baby
Reminds me of that twister mat at the gay pride parade
Uh, 50ish million dollars down the deep blue.
If Breitbart promotes Christianity and ignores or criticizes others it's their right as free press
There were some earlier rulers who might have had the title
Also commercials, you have to understand that many people saw it as the window to the west, and quite a few went shopping in Graz so they liked to be informed.
“Break it, its not your fathers” when you slam something accidently and someone tells you mockingly that you threw or shut something too hard
The work and then they buy stuff.
Austro-Ugarska monarhija in Croatian
I read a couple of days ago about a pro boxer from herzegovina who refused to fight under croatian flag because he's bosnian
And now it’s warm when it should be much warmer
Its just slightly above the EU average in terms of violent crime
Iceland: r o c k
"You did it with your eyes open." Basically telling anyone who might regret voting leave "What did you expect?
Where should I build my house
The loss of energy due to 100s of km of transfer through the grid will be a massive issue, or am I mistaken?
Not even surprised
I honestly think that if they still had conscription and the general population had to send their children in the army overseas American top brass wouldn't dare to do half of the shit they feel comfortable doing these days
I don't know if we eat the leaves tbh
Since before I existed
Developed in what sense
F is for friend is the true fun
Schengen isnt a priority, the Trade Union, the only really important part of the EU is what 99% of the EU people want to survive, everything else can be shut down and brought up on demand.
Yes, technology is gonna be really important.
Isn't it
The information on the plates is irrelevant, and especially since Irish plates can be transferred from Wexford to Galway, they don't tell much about the car/driver either
I wasn’t talking about first Yugoslavia
i'm really looking forward to it, i heard all the best
Yes, but that's wat you call a "well technicality"
When we're at that, you can jail all of ours too \^^
It is literally one of the most common arguments between dalmatians (2 ipo) and northerners (pola 3)
Maybe there was too many "inside jokes", like shitting on Serbs and Slovenes, making fun of Bosnians and stuff...
Very popoular in Croatia seen lots of cartoons and the comics were pretty popular too, movies were shown on the regular
bro, I went to a restaurant and ordered a pizza
London Olympic Games were 'corrupted on an unprecedented scale; by drug cheat Russian athletes
I understand Slovenian quite well, Slovakian - not so much.
> And marriage is just for straights - says fucking who
Other variant is shredded potatoes bacon inside bellpeppers and then baked while covered with an egg and sourcream mix
It probably won't average that with all the crappy Austrian musicians, right?
Your brain knows the rules and applies them without having to think about it
Pa no, na kraju dana, ono sto zaista ubije covjeka je dosada
van - towards outside;
You know exactly what is wrong with it.
80k people died 2-300 years ago, what's the point in bringing it up now?
Anyway, a retarded move by the Serbian government, in general, to start a war after Yugoslavia break up
Nothing more then funny looks or some light insults from individuals.
Sounds similar to what's going on in Croatia right now
* Premier League
If only there's a way to redistribute the wealth
Thanks for that
To be honest, I would go to US just for salary increase
But trying to "deradicalise" the worst of them - maybe in some *ideal* world it'd work, but doing...
Lol, what are you talking
) with a very cheerful intonation
It's more about not caring than being confused
It is reasonable that there were more Serbs in the beginning, because they were, sadly, more oppressed.
But anyways, yea German is the most common 2nd foreign here, though it gets fewer years/less school hours than English.
Well doesn't seem especially socialist
Most cities are hundreds of years old and have old cores, with enough investment each could be mini Prague or mini Budapest
20 years ago 100k people died some 600km away from Vienna.
While us Croats have a bit more difficulties hearing the difference
well, we in Croatia built highways like crazy and now don't know what to do with them anymore, so we considerselling them.
As a resident of Croatia this is the most important part for me.
That guy sounds exactly like someone from Croatia or Serbia would.
This is horrible
thats mostly just the fact that in some dilactes č and ć are becomeing more simmilar and that ije in words is getting pronounced jeː if you speak a dialect were č and ć arent becomeing simmilar and where ije isnt pronounced jeː then its easy
I think most people missed the point of the question, it's not about false friends, but words that sound similar and have similar meanings, but have developed from different forms (in linguistics, this is called ["false cognates"] Shame, because it's a really interesting question
it would seriously mess up both countries so...
It's right next to the Balkan mountain range in Bulgaria
I don't care what you do with your emotions.
Surogat (The substitute) is as far as I know the only croatian movie/ cartoon that won an Oscar
I visited Corse 2 years ago in november and it was super empty, only locals chilling in cafes
I learned a lot of czech words that way as well
So it could be that only 1 car was sold in Macedonia in the whole of 2016, and that car was a Dacia Duster, and now it is the top selling car for 2016.
Well, most houses are built with reinforced concrete in various parts of the house for structural safety as a measure against earthquakes, and well we don't have tornadoes or hurricanes and etc
Well, when you call a Croat "Ustaša" he will probably take it as an insult
Northern Croats have a very Slovenian style dialect
And for every Viennese and Austrian person who will feel violated by this senseless act
Finnish, more vowels the better it sounds
I was also surprised when some of her songs had 300+ million views on youtube
Well, that's a shame
Isn't ayran just
Never seen any Romanian wine here.
Ugh my relatives would get water guns out and spray us that way
000
So be it
we lost our trading power because we had to adapt to eu laws
They are also about double the size of the 5kn coin
Avion is a type of zrakoplov
You forgot the devil's triangle of europe - croatia, serbia, b&h, montenegro
Not all longsword users wore plate armour.
yep I wouldnt call sweden and belgium with no go zones ..free
Yes, "just" religion and mentality and history.
(Omfg, Poland is literally northern Croatia.)
If you have any questions come to /r/croatia
There is such thing called CDN
I don't know exactly why, but it sounds clearer I guess
Rails, rails, rails, rails
boli me kurac = my dick hurts
We burn a bloke called Fasnik
The brain drain is solely our fault and is in no way a German machination.
Are there any more odd rivalries like that
Don’t change a thing
I'd use my own examples, but my family is not very family like, so I don't get bothered with such questions either
For the clueless: Our President and our PM are from opposing political parties
Proud of their "stone genes" and Croatian Nazi past
I'd prefer Serbia be gone, I could take a boat to Kosovo
You or me
In Croatian its 1 stol, 2 stola, 3 stola, 4 stola and for 5 and above it's stolova
*trying to fit in*
This, my mom is very Christian and said same thing.
Also, it's quite short, only 10 minutes
Well, we had people thrown out carried by arms and legs, phsyical fights, people bringing plane toys just to wind up other representatives, shouting, the few that actually come to the parliament sessions just look at their phones
I would love it if Europeans made their own version, where privacy would actually mean something
Even though our foods are similar, bosnians always seem to make them taste so much better
I always put Lidl, Aldi and Norma in the same group because they offer similar products and have similar prices
But things changed
Vienna is not the city it used to be
Doubt it man
Right, but these increased demands are coming to Trump's desk, so that's why I'm musing about the odds of him agreeing to it.
is there a gene that makes gay's bad parents?
in my region
I use Android, I knew it will be my choice before I got my first smartphone because I tried both and just preferred Android look and feel
Well perhaps not to you, I for one don't enjoy my identity being the butt of every joke and the general synonym for everything negative
Yes, with the exception of Slovenian and Macedonian, which are not as close but still very close.
Check mate
barely any puns (it's hard to make them) but when they exist they're the funniest shit ever
Krapfen - krafna
The rational right wing people were beaten, shunned and in some cases executed in the early 90s, leaving only opportunistic quasi-religious right wingers in the top of the political sphere along with the rest of the left wing parties.
They will continue to be nationalistic as well
But a new plant is about to be built.
Saying Tesla is *only* Serbian
You can drive straight through Italy, Spain, Norway, Sweden and Finland for more than 12 hours and still be in the same country
Kuzis
I’m in love with Heidelberg
The biggest difference in Europe is that you'll pass through a couple of different dialect areas, a completely different climate in the opposite ends of the country and a completely different culture from where you started
is there anything controversial about that
I'm talking about standard slovenian vs standard macedonian
Afghanistan isn't an extreme example, it's one of the few places left that genuanly has a different culture
5h car trip or 2
Plus, it would take away confusion with the Slovak flag
You had betrayed all of Europe with that.
But hey, it's got everything you need, nature, suburbs, and city life
We take down the Christmas tree finally
Last time I checked he was from Austria
It's where they filmed Game of Thrones
Half of the Adriatic islands look like sheer cliffs
It is good to support national brands, though
It's fantastic
It evolved to something even worse
She is singing about how she is rejecting guys, then the chorus is " the grass dosen't grow where my high heels lands". The best parts are definitely those random s-s-s-sex and when the guys start singing as they are basically narrating what they put in the sandwich and she finishes with Africa Paprika
Source for Zagreb
That might be the thing I like the most about balkan and it's countries
And if I remember correctly from immunology class, it's the CCR5-delta32 mutation from CD4+ T-cells, but there are two main types of human immunodeficiency virus, HIV-1 and HIV-2.
Some will turn a new leaf but for others it's too hard
The other thing to think about is that the killed general was funding, arming and coordinating shia militias not only in the ME but also on the Arab Peninsula, and that we can expect a lot of attacks in the region in the future
We have the same problem and we are even smaller.
Roman society of 3rd century was a troubled one, and Christianity seemed to offer some solutions, otherwise it wouldn't succeed, regardless of imperial will.
Don't get me wrong, I didn't mean to say it's not worth visiting, quite the contrary, but the exposure Dubrovnik gets, compared to other places on the coast (Split, Zadar, Šibenik, Pula), is IMO simply too much and gives the false impression that it's worth visiting much more than those other places.
Then why for example you can't join US army with ADHD but you can if you're transgender?
000
We just post funny images from our daily lives
*returns ban Jelačić statue to the original position*
Not to be pedantic but this is askeurope
Better to take it from the cohesional funds.
Before coronavirus struck my group had 3 D&D games ongoing
If then Scotland decides to vote for independence, the N. Ireland deal is the best transitory state before leaving the UK
NEVER TRUST ANYONE, NEVER KNOW WHO THE NEXT MASS MURDERER IS.
My lock wallpaper is a lovley picture of the sky I took yesterday and my home screen wallpaper is a lovley picture of the countryside just outside Zagreb
Norway Looks South in Search of Arctic-Class Submarine Builder
I went in April of last year
Osijek is a town with 100k people so it is fairly big on Croatian standards
Bist du retarded
It is produced in Slovenia but is widely consumed in the Balkans
I remember the first time I heard about political betting sites and what stuck out was their very strong prediction that Herry Read was going to lose his seat.
Bosnia- they will atleast get a more stable government, but I doubt they would be happy in Croatia
Not to mention that with more and more terrorist attacks in Europe, you will be giving up on your personal freedoms anyway.
Great read, fantastic page turner.
Agree
Unless you're already run a businesses and have to do that stuff anyway, it's absolutely not worth it
I haven't bought anything American except a coke and some chips in my whole life, I get what you're saying
Juries can be manipulated by testimonies, tears and they're biased (consciously or otherwise) towards/against people who are/aren't like them.
Funny thing is that during the 19th century even Croatian nationalists hated his guts for being such a monarchist suck-up but that all changed with time
He fought for his people granted on the expense of others but then again that is like 90% of history and for that he will be remembered he is still a person of controversy I wonder if he will still be famous after 200 years ?
We Croats tend to make more mistakes as we speak softly and our "č" is REALLY close to "ć".
But moustaches were popular in some region like 50 years ago
China isn't in Europe so that doesn't count!
I have lived in Denmark and their flag is everywhere
Ill take Merkel just to see what she can do with her famed German discipline
It's not that bad
When I moved to Denmark for my studies few years ago was the time I realized or rather learned that many european countries do not have IDs or they do but it is definitely not **the** ID card rather something similar like in Denmark's case
Wouldn't it be like me saying "the English" when referring to Scots, Irish and Welsh people even though I know it's incorrect
Not saying renaissance Dubrovnik Croatian is easy to read, but Krleža's sentences were far too tedious and complicated, and hard for me to follow through
When Germany invaded Soviet Union, Soviets practically didn't have anything
That is a map which shows how much of the land was conquered by the Turks, but yes Croatia is made of few regions (our coat of arms)Croatia proper, Slavonia, Dalmatia, Istria, Dubrovnik.
I don't think they are ready yet.
Oh man
Hmm weren't we also the first ones to quarantine people because of the plague in the 14th century
000
And to make matters even more silly, the Brits were on the writing team.
Well what interests me about russia is not really russia but the republics
Probably FER (Fakultet Elektronike i Racunarstva) basically university of electronics and computer science
It's like germany saying the dumbest thing is joining in with the austro hungary on the war because if it werent for world war 1 hitler would never rose to power
( **iza brega** - **'za breg'** - **zagreb**)
And they remembered when Yugoslavia was falling apart
Lol what
I know a number of Nazi officials did criticise Ustashe for their brutality consequently doing opposite of what they were intended to (pacify the region)
If our waiting lists were shorter, would we probably be very close to UK's score?
Then I went to France (Orleans and nearby area) for a year and had to take a day off every time i needed to go to the bank or post office because their hours matched mine perfectly
lolgay
I wish there was a more successful movement to preserve our heritage
Pretty neat, I love torch marches.
Here's an example, my wife loves the snow and the cold
We also have the remains of Salona, Narona and other big cities
But it atleast is music, not whatever this is today
As an Italian, for example, I feel much more connected to Portugal, France and Spain than, say, Slovenia, even though Slovenia is a neighboring country.
5 euros 2-3 years ago
This however does not change anything IMO.
Oh, it's worth it all right, but in my opinion Dubrovnik is promoted so much more than other places that it seems like it's THE place to visit in Croatia, when there's quite a few more places on the coast with equal appeal.
Bulgaria Judges Complain of Targeted Attacks on Courts
I honestly find it kinda pathetic how countries that were nutral in WW2 like Sweden and Switzerland now have this charade of *"oh we're so terrible for staying out of the war and not actively fighting Nazis"*
Kosovo is under rule of Serbia.
How about reading the article?
So there is no language barrier.
I myself am still a part of the Catholic Scouts and was since 2013, and it was indeed a pleasure, even though we seem to grow much more inactive as time goes by
Just drinking a cup now :) but I prefer to make a big cup of turkish coffee, the only thing that wakes me up in the morning
Ne bismo mi bili mi da kod nas sve prođe bez vrijeđanja inteligencije naroda
I don't know, seems to me that single passport implies single visa policy.
And "good" is even debatable in this case, as you can see from [some of the comments.] In any case, I explained the context and listed out the main factors [here] This ranking basically boils down to the number of procedures and permits you need to run your business.
Yes, they were advised to collaborate and so they did.
We literally had that queston in our version of The Chase (tv quiz) yesterday
That's the origin of the greating: Bolan ne bio!
Doesn't look like anything to me
Well the Bosnians but they aren't really a minority anymore
I had a friend who travelled around 2 hours just in one direction to school
I highly doubt there was a way for the dog to see the dead body of their neighbor lol
Well, isnt that how dialects work all around the world
Austrian government plans to jail and fine refugees who lie about nationalities
I'm sorry, hwat
I would say not as hardcore as running through the fields of wheat, but damn
It’s just a matter of time before another animal-borne disease causes a pandemic again
I'm not just saying that it is hard to cycle uphill, although it really is
So, since there's a lot of patterns in these flags, maybe change the order a bit?
Everyone: France u gud man
Well, as of now, we became the top destinations for earthquakes
Did you read some of the posts?
German/Austrian/Swiss Alps, few central European Slavic countries + Hungary, Italian/French villages, Adriatic sea and its islands in Croatia
Mrežnica's a river in central Croatia
just a description of how dumb of a song it is: My brother and I were 8 and 10 years old and had a sleepover at grandparents' house when the choice for the Eurovision song was on tv and they let us call to vote for one song
Married, yes, since 2013 or 2014, I think.
Haha
Russia does provide Germany with gas
In Croatian: vitez - knight, razbojnik - bandit
Billion = milijard
I just love the laconic quality of this.
I don't want my son living in hell 50 years from now
Maybe the correct path for the US would be that each state comes up with their own universal healthcare, instead of waiting for the federal government to figure out how to deploy Sweden-like healthcare to some of their states which are equivalents of Croatia/Hungary/Bulgaria/etc
I hope erdogan assigns some police to follow them so it doesnt end up like last time.
Naughty boy
As I wrote
Wow
Make a lovley Manx couple :D
You mean historiography can't be used as propaganda?
Theres also quite distinction between alcoholics and before mentioned healthy life style
So I'd say that I'm pretty much pleased with the results, I Know where a part of that money will go, but I'm also glad that we were given that amount
Switzerland, because of bunkers
Turks tried to capture Vienna twice but failed
Something similar in croatian would be names like: Matea/Mateja
bread goes with a sandwich
The people who couldn't take over Kurdish land or overwhelm the citizens of Baghdad want to conquer India.
It does, your Russian salad is the same as French salad in Croatia
And I do believe most people don't like him, but those who don't tend to be the most apathetic voters
” (Read: knee-gha)
People going to the city centre will spend a lot more time for shorter distanced than my route
Picture of Setagaya :
Let's remember that this is an Anglo thing.
Please, do not hold it
Yes, but only for some things like eggs and roses.
Slovenia -ič
German Bundeswehr to train Saudi army officers
Like when Stalin had pictures of him and people he had executed for treason altered so the "traitors" were removed was just layout.
Is it like an Obelix situation there, just like he fell into a pot of that strength potion when he was a kid which made him strong his entire life
︎trilijarda (10^21 ) = Sextillion
I'd prefer Serbia be gone, I could take a boat to Kosovo
Aenean in malesuada purus, ac tincidunt diam
Are we really going to discuss who "started" everything
It's an area populated by Serbs but I didn't expect they actually used Cyrillic here that much
Then aftewards we would bring all that back home and switch them for the ones for tomorrow and put those in our backpack
Sed commodo, ex id cursus venenatis, nunc nisl vulputate tortor, ac hendrerit dui quam id ante
Well that escalated quickly
Summer all year long, baby
A musical
These aren't the unwashed masses landing on US shores.
Brutto is before taxes, net after
Can someone explain more about the deal itself
Now, pushing crappy music is never a good idea
So from 156 countries, ending with Central African Republic, here's glorious Yurop:
In what way exactly is it a corrupt government, what did they do
Definetly in Croatia cars are faster than trains lmao it takes around 6 and a half hours to get from the easternmost point to Zagreb and it takes 3
Turns peaceful people into a raging inferno
It's old city center is a bastion in shape of a star with nice orthogonal street blocks
Also serbian, i like women speaking serbian
I would say something like jebenti mater maybe
Apparently, it's common in ex-Yu capitals so this makes sense (I'm from Zagreb)
Why if I may ask
However the critics and whatever the suspiciousness to this kind of speech, we cannot deny the true biblical, Christian image of a woman, meaning that the greatest temptation for a woman is disobedience." - fundamental theology professor Ivica Raguž
You guys basically started mass uncontrolled immigration from Africa and Asia and if you think it will somehow stop now you are out of your mind.
Pretty corrupt
Basically rich countries see them selves as culturally similar to rich countries and dissimilar to poor countries because culture is percieved superficially
#worthit
We learn the general history of the whole world, not just EU
Schools
Id say first Yugoslavia was more stupid, like Stjepan Radić said "You are rushing like geese into a fog". First Yugoslavia ended up being really oppressive towards Croats, which led to dissent and rise of Ustasha regime, if we stayed out of Yugoslavia, Ustasha regime wouldn't get backed by so much people like it did, you have to understand at start that regime looked like freedom to many Croats because how oppressive first Yugoslavia was
Of course, especially now that Pernar is accusing people of illuminati and selling their souls to the devil.
Since you have looked into them, could you just list good things about this proposal
I suppose it depends on where you're from.
Tis' better today, yesterday and the day before tho it was fun.
Burgenland, Banat, Molise, Patagonia and Pittsburgh
>  I don’t see how it will ever change when people such as yourself claim that giving equal rights to LGBT people means “bowing down” and “losing one’s sense of pride”.
They knew what they were doing, and they did it with intention.
[Eh, you all are special snowflakes
Also, it is really easy to get a good grade and that automatically boosts your average
Serbs see it as he was merely trying to keep the country together and was doing his best to just repel the opposition and rebellion
the rest not so much
All the rules are written either with "shall" or with "may", depending on the importance of the rule
But we have this stupid "formal enemy" thing going on with Serbia.
Honestly I to say I was impressed by it would be an understatement
- Ban Josip Jelačić (leader of the revolution against the Hungarians in the 19th century)
Before "Removed" tag, there was tag "In 1994...".
Free movement of capital and labor is great until it isn't - for the big players
I never knew my grandpa was calling me dog's vagina when I misbehaved
If this territorial exchange ever happened, we'd probably have peace (at leats as long as the extremists in Serbia don't go haywire again).
Nice :)
Taking a laptop with you in a plastic bag
But Cedevita is a thing and Pipi is back at it
Well
It was Merlin going for a walk and people honked to get his attention.
If you look up the details, at its peak the Croatian military had around 90 000 active personnel so the 500 000 people is really inflated
That we drive on left side in Croatia
I never heard of someone increasing their prices for tourists, what do you mean by that
That was genuinely my first thought
Switzerland, because of bunkers
Then short mention of several germanic tribes, vikings, etc
Hmm weren't we also the first ones to quarantine people because of the plague in the 14th century
Yeah, I just chopped like 0,5kg onions while watching this.
This is a cool design I like it maybe even more than any flag that we had, but the proportions should be like extra long because it would be awesome having a 20 meter long flag
We can organise fact checking
It is indeed a pity that the organisation seems to be fading away, at least in my area, since it holds a great deal of awesome childhood memories
I know, it's like our older generations
Why doesn't anyone use air conditioning?
I finally feel safe from Russia.
oh shit
I'd use my own examples, but my family is not very family like, so I don't get bothered with such questions either
Charlemagne is always Karlo Veliki
I also very vaguely remember the mad cow disease thing
Here is the link to one of his songs
How is that possible
I would've gone blind and probably died as a kid
Contrast that with ethnic groups like Basques or Catalans for example who speak a different language and are visibly distinct from the majority ethnic group
So while I am against the cartoons, i don't think things like that should be banned
France still won't talk about this openly.
Any deal would be subject to change as the governments of member states change.
Very well put
Come on, chill the fuck down
If Croatia is somehow obligated to ratify this, why wasn't it solved during the accession negotiations?
Is it tho
The history ends with Croatian war of independence, and in truth that is the way it should be, now bear with me, it's not a nationalistic view
Lately, however, the city has decided to repurpose it for several new uses instead of letting it rot
Very pretty but I’d imagine it’d get boring quite fast
Nice username was just a statement
France should now get upset with Turkey and demand an apology.
We "lead love", "voditi ljubav".
She ate all of them
Thank you RJ45
Occasionally people will have two names and married women can have two surnames (and in turn carry that to their children)
Now do one for Croatia
Didn't end well
It mostly sounds and starts very familiar and as it goes on you add your own twist to that
bar - at least
...which you shouldn't, Slovenes get salty at that :P
It's like a smaller and better version of Croatia.
The picture is, in relation to the way we look at the maps, upside down actually
Your doing a great job in spreading misinformation, keep it going.
Belgium later annexed the colony **specifically to end** all the shit that was happening
Tbh I like Vaike-Oismae
International backlash would be terrible.
Croatian grammar has been constant for at least 400 years compared to others.
There are Christian in Iceland
Right, but that would be like judging Men's Rights movements (that do have things to fight for, like for example father's rights) with the likes of The Red Pill, which also proclaims itself as a fighter for men's rights.
They are driving a car, buying imported food and clothes, buying plastic
But just to ask, what is the plan if they get in Spain there?
Im afraid to
We pledge we'll go every year, and then somehow end up never going lol
This will heavily affect the Internet as a whole, not just the EU countries though we'll suffer the most
Yes
Are you yet another clone of /u/itscalledunicode and /u/the_candle96 ?
It's not that, we also call those *žerbo kocke*, they are common for Christmas, as well.
You say this if there are a lot of people at one place, i.e. like Russians and Chinese combined
(Zelena livada being left as no ones land
There were significant cultural and structural differences between the classic Roman empire and the Byzantine empire.
Some sources even claim that half of the town's population is of full or partial croatian descent
Thats how it should be
At the end it always falls down to 20-25
Plastic bottles, metals
That's because you're uneducated.
The best excuse that was used in the Balcan route two years ago was "we are not going to stay, only pass through".
We had exact same thing here in Croatia lol
Those rebels, Chetniks, exercised similiarly brutal reprisals on Croatian population (even though in that area Croats were mostly anti-Axis) so Italian support for them didn't exactly come from the goodness of their hearts
You all didn't clean up the new snow, apparently cause you expected it'll melt, except it didn't, everything got frozen, people were falling over everywhere.
Or the Kingdom of Croatia (Austrian subdivision)
If I told my little brother "kupi šargarepu za supu" he would blandly stare at me and wouldn't understand, but if I said "kupi mrkvu za juhu", he would.
I have never been to either
Louis XIV is Luj XIV
• let - flight
Despite finally taking over the city, the YNA lost 1100 men and 3500 more were wounded, they also lost 3 planes and 110 tanks, nor to mention, so much time that they could have used to massively push forwards towards Zagreb, which was only 185 miles away and could have been reached easily, since the Croatian Army was just barely formed and wasn't ready for such an advance seige
Some states are like Sweden, but many states are similar to poorest EU members
Quick, how can I make this about religion
It's like those trolls you get on your team in League, and I suppose in other games, ~~in your promos~~ occasionally
you know denmark, this means war
There's 2 corrupt big parties and everyone votes for them and I'm sick and tired it
Although Turkey already suffered from fascist military coups before Erdogan, so weirdly enough he was an improvement as he came to stop to those.
I mean, yes but Balkans also sometimes beat the west in some things too
• most - bridge
it would be haram to deprive yourself of rakija
I still hate that history teacher, since she had pretty much no idea of history, and was overall pretty dumb
That's a given, but do they fingerprint?
>even if you are a couple with two average incomes you need to really plan and lower your expectations when searching for a home
That's true but can it be done
A guy has commited 5 years of his life to making a movie about his corruption-filled reign, and Bandić shows up to the premiere, says the movie is trash, doesn't even watch it, leaves
Men
Donald Dumb:
Oh, i'm not talking about the specific name for the rattlesnake, i'm talking about the name for the group in which rattlesnakes are in (vipers)
More often than not you eat it with a spoon
I want to thank Slovenia for working together with us on Krško nuclear plant
When that scenes play on the screen I'm laughing so hard
Zagreb- Split
I don't really listen to metal, but I think there are some great rock bands in Croatia that are kinda big here but not really internationally
Crazy how a countries integrity and borders have even become a stuff of discussion.
Ban Josip Jelačić, 1848
I personaly wasn't in Dubrovnik and I hope this isn't true but I heard that the main street Stradun has coffee with the price of 50 kuna (around 8 dollars) and the food like a normal pizza for 150kuna(around 65 dollars) which is an astronomic price compared to normal Croatian prices and in Zagreb the Tkalčićeva street is just a bunch of bars and restaurants that mostly are super expensive
It makes sunsets look even more beautiful
Dont forget the long reigning duke of nepotism, milan bandic
Have a standardized system of using colored stripes on the floor where each color always corresponds to the same Platform number (1 is always red, 2 is always blue) and make the number and color very obvious on the ticket
By some I mean few thousand
If I remember my history lessons right, the Molotov–Ribbentrop Pact and that "possible" Russian-French-British alliance where negotiated in the same time, however Russia was the one which picked the Molotov-Ribbentrop Pact instead of the British-French one.
I would say its pretty safe
" unfortunately
People aren't bashing them because they went a different route.
5 C and under is a winter jacket, gloves, hat, extra leggings under jeans and boots
Kobe rises from the dead with the prototype COVID-19 vaccine in his fist
Pretty hard, I would say almost impossible for non-Slavs
You really know how to complicate things.
The modern one is a heraldic travesty, and I the old one represents the country better
We stayed in the cars for a while
Of course it does
My city experienced, just recently, a strong earthquake and it damaged a lot of old town because some buildings(Edit: MANY buildings) are a couple hundred years old and they were not build with modern standards
Of course a larger, heavier blade will have an edge in this kind of direct blade-to-blade clash.
In first class, elementary school
Its against the rules
So who knows
Di si ti bio
In the end, she told me I, and I quote, "was not even in high school, so I had no right to pretend to be smarter than everyone and call anyone stupid".
/Kakva je voda
Not true that only two societies treat non residents
You wouldn't even need to conquer our coast this time, I'm sure lots of people will be more than happy to be part a part of France
I know a handful of people who know them
We dont want you to start yet another war :) /s
Well
They have always been south Slavs, not just because of Yugoslavia
Yesterday night we started the Vukovar Remembrance Day
To some, only Ukraine/Belarus/Russia are EE, some include Romania and Bulgaria, to some everything east of Germany and Austria is EE.
Whoever touches our border
Simply disgusting
Here alcohol is lifestyle
Hehe I've heard [our main anti-marriage equality movement leader] also campaigned in Slovakia after banning it in Croatia, you're welcome.
Old edit:
**Slovenes**: they're in a camper or on a bike
Hello, my name is John, pleasure to meet you
nah, if anything it's universal I'd dare to say across europe
That song feels like it should have some fireworks or some big and memorable dancing
Nooo that would never happen to us, we are najjači afterall
It's just a little joke
I remember, when I was in school, I didn't really enjoy history (that changed later), and as a Dalmatian I kind of found it boring that I had to learn so much about relations with Hungary and Hungarians, when they were so far away and abstract for me :)
Good thing she doesn't speak Serbian, or it would have been an even bigger shock.
One Sicilian on youtube did a history video about pasta;
Jasenovac camps in ww2, under the Ustaša regime
Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit
But it's okay, I like to think I live in this political sitcom universe and all will be good
Well the ones in charge are sitting on their hands and waiting while your patroll boats go to North Africa and bring more of them.
Something like, if you're watching Croatian national tv on New Year's day, first you'll be in Vienna and later
[Theresa May & UKIP after the Brexit.]
it's that way by _design_. Government don't care about fairness when it comes to taxes
The most popular ''cereal'' here is [Čokolino] It's chocolate flakes mixed with milk, but you get a mushy substance.
This might actually work
Even though they somehow morphed into a quasi symbol of US style capitalism, they're a restaurant
They are borderline retarded
weird
and I thought Croatian looked hard
When you click you can see the change user flair option
Odvratno
Dense čokolino forever
It's meant for Burgenland Croats and Hungarians and offers both German/Croatian and German/Hungarian bilingual education
It is not the other way around
Also, probably online banking has huge role in this, for example in my family 90% pays bills manually, only few of them does it via some app or something
I used to use the Croatian QWERTZ, but I switched to American QWERTY, although I still use QWERTZ on mobile
Well the "west" was pretty much proSerb before Srebrenica massacre, Croatia didn't had political support for larger scale military actions, as soon as we got political support well, you know what happened..
If I dont like your service and think you were rude, I sure as hell am not giving you shit let alone 15-20%.
Maybe they weren't the best example of a modern army even then, but let's be fair here, it's by far the best experience any army on the planet has gotten in a generation.
I can't seem to find a video
Mine too
But just becouse u dont want a baby
people don't care which phone you have other than "your phone makes shitty photos, let's use mine". i mean we have other things which we're shallow about, for example cars
So is this called marriage by the same word as heterosexual marriage or not?
which other languages put their last name up front
Terrorism is up globaly, down by a lot locally, global coverage is basically non existent outside the West, inside the West it's way, way up.
It comes off as a bit jarring when you have such a high profile opening with "women need not apply" or "men need no apply" plastered all over it
They're still operating, so no crisis yet
Imagine a croat empire
If grown ass people wanna smoke let them fucking smoke, who are you to tell them if they can or can't do it
[Parni Valjak - U prolazu]
Don't worry brother, your rule over Arabia is destined to happen sooner or later, we'll all see it done!
When we stop killing each other the world will be the perfect place .. The main reasons for war are money and politics .. When we get rid of these differences everything will go for the better
So far I've always stumbled upon György Dózsa, never Dózsa György .
You know what
Suspendisse semper justo mattis enim euismod tempor
So you didn’t learn it in school
You either die a hero or live long enough to see yourself become the villain
Being in a hurry makes oxygen brain not much and me brain kill
Right now it's around 13°C outside, lol
Winning against the Ottomans 4 times and saving Europe cuz of that
It's the biggest killer and  an enemy of all balkanites that have ever lived
Yes, you had a president from 2000 to 2010 who called Jasenovac a work camp and called the NDH a victory for Croats.
‘January’ in European languages
In what way do they not assimilate?
Not that I can think of, doe don't qoute me on that, Croatian is way out of my field of expertise
simple, traditional and primitive
Community
Our language is very regionally fragmented
also while not outdated by sny means, you could say the base measurements in croatian are deciliters (dec) and dekagrams (deka) bc of how much more often they're used in spite of the base units
What do you mean by that
Try to pearn a bit of croatian
Gtfo
Germans are probably one of the most well-liked and respected people here
They are two completely different letters
Nobody even fazed about the Saudis spending **13.7%** of their GDP on weaponry?
There's no doubt a reform is needed but this solution is imposed by the creative industry
All the stuff on your shelves is "2nd speed".
I don't think I could hold a basic conversation in slovene, even though I live like 30 km from the boder
Duis a varius turpis, vitae congue nunc
There's some merit in what you're saying but I don't see jury as a particularly clever solution to that problem.
Grožnjan
The deal effectively has it both ways
Polish has too much c and z sounds and you kinda have a different accent
Not really Eastern Bloc (at least not since 48), but it's actually kind of funny.
Never heard of it ;)
That's less or more coughing than modern Dutch?
We also had a game that we called "prćenje", which is a rude word for "leaning over". We'd line up, and kick the crossbar of a goal with the ball
I suspect it's more "full psychopath" than full retard.
Portuguese, i like the specific  expressiveness mixed with the calm of the language
Now I walk because it's impossible to do it without the hordes of Asian tourists and their selfie sticks.
The polls are again showing very narrow margins
Here in Croatia we have the town of Slavonski Brod on the river Sava
Jakov Gotovac - opera [Ero s onoga svijeta - What's that shining high in heaven]
I remember, when I was in school, I didn't really enjoy history (that changed later), and as a Dalmatian I kind of found it boring that I had to learn so much about relations with Hungary and Hungarians, when they were so far away and abstract for me :)
Oh man you've just brought back some really fond memories
Please, leave your nationalistic views aside
Plus I think Vučić has a hard on for authoritarianism anyways
Since you are our neighbours
No humanity - no problems
Secondly, Ireland is a victim of history - just because they chose not to act doesn't make them less of one
I woke up thinking "Why tf is someone shaking my bed this violentley, whats their problem
*God*, what we have done wrong to you...
They also sometimes like letting a bit of fascism slip through (hanging italian flags in "Italian" towns, etc
I don't think so because he wouldn't put Croatia in the group of the most Slavic nations then, as Slovakia, Czechia and Russia have more ''yellow'' than us.
I've only really had to use ATM abroad once in Romania, because it's hard to buy leu in Croatia, and even then I found my bank group ATM right at the airport, so no funny business, and no commission
Ours would be longer waiting times if you are not an emergency case
when it is so hard to make it relate to the topic.
You also have to pay smugglers couple k so i dont think they profit off of thid
... you forgot the south Slavs
Same goes for ST cars around Makismir venue in Zagreb
Only "acceptable" among highschool/early college  activity
Is Srbobran really used as a name
*Don't call my name-don't call my name, Finrandooo
But subway stations are really dirty and unwelcoming, feel like they should work on that
Beats me if I can remember where I read it.
I'm not sure why they bother, but I kinda like it, makes me feel like we're still connected in a way
Oh, you meant that kind of things
And then when you disagree with them or tell them why it's wrong they take it as an personal insult
There are no clubs that I know of either
It looks like the castle you build in [Age of Empires 2.]
More land for Yugoslavia then
Whoever made those captions is as close to God as any Pope
People are blaming her for the attacks at least here they are.
He is a conservative, but in a sense that he seeks to protect liberal order of Western societies, not to see them transform into something that has no connection to the West.
Prices are, on the other hand, mostly the same as in Austria or Germany, so people tend to emigrate for either seasonal jobs or permanently.
You come off as a person that's very eager to learn so that's good
But when you ask about today's Germans, we have stereotypes like for every other people
I looked for that fucker for 10 minutes and still couldn’t find it, said fuck it and went to an another supermarket
Worked fine with the Black Sea Fleet ...
>I doubt a lot of people know why it's named after him and what he accomplished in his life
Just like Czech and Slovak, or to an extent like Danish and Norwegian
Yes
Croatian and Serbian separate languages confirmed.
I didn't read wiki article till the end
Dacia makes cheap cars for the masses, so that's a positive view
Where are those from, and what was the occassion?
Donkey's pronunciation is far from perfect, even in the original movie
Croatia enjoys 2715 hours of sunshine per year and the island of Hvar is the sunniest place in Europe
I wish we could just break the cycle and forget about that shit.
Calling for war =/= afraid to be invaded
I knew what you were referring to, but you never had our sea
Like you have the hard č at the beginning but ending it with a soft ć kinda ruins it
Istria is full of people wherever you go, Kvarner is full of cheap and annoying, monotone tourists (except Opatija maybe), Dalmatia is huge so there will be a lot of non-touristy places which is nice
I missed Croatia
Jebeni Index sa svojim člancima bljuje mi se
Yeah, I was so pumped entering this link ( ._.)
The port on the mobile phones
From the outside it looks amazing, from the inside it's quite boring imo
The second picture of entire class?
We get the argument that you guys would like to have a direct connection to international waters but there is no international regulation / law etc to back your request / claim or whatever.
Well, old-sounding are probably male names ending with -slav or -mir, and depending on preceding word they can vary from popular (Tomislav, Miroslav, Krešimir, Branimir) to archaic (Držislav, Višeslav, Vojnomir, Trpimir)
The most damage by me is some broken glass that fell of the shelfs
pick them up and drop them in Italy
Every winter I look forward to taking pictures of my snow covered village
Serbs, on the other hand, went a step further and they spell everything, including names, like they pronounce them
Ik hoop dat het zal (did I say it right
went from "the shape of a croissant" to "Yes I want."
Bosnia would like to have a word
Also, if I’m alone at home and need to take a shower, for instance, I would lock the door
sranje is meh
you are the true source of all our glory,
>Were the movies dubbed in Croatian
Thanks for the food aswell
We don't have them and they still confuse me.
The man made a lot of batshit insane claims/statements, but he was on point about one specific droplet;
As someone who is afraid of both heights (well, ledges) and excessive depths, I woud only be comfortable seeing this beautiful wonder of nature in person from the safety of that church, while being tethered to its walls
You have several villages around Pecs with a lot of them having geothermal baths
This was the first big earthquake I felt in my life
Easy there Skender beg, I was just saying some of those people are exploiting the situation and relative openness of Germany.
A single person posts this photo on which it (perfectly undisputably) *seems* that another individual is doing the Nazi salute, proceeds to with certainty label it as what the title is, and **literally everybody** jumps on the bandwagon
And you start age 6/7
True, but a packed night club is not the ideal place to open fire...
Pretty much all teachers in the country are striking
Oh my god it's 20 degrees on the south of England, I'll be right there
I agree with everything you said
America has been importing oil mostly from Canada/Saudi Arabia before becoming self dependent
F1 fans know it
Lots of dank memes, would recommend
Croatia is western Serbia
I love how Americas get to be one continent due to Panama canal, but Africa is always taught separate from (Eur)asia even though there is Suez there
Any updates on the injured fireman
Austro - Ugarska monarhija (Austro - Hungarian monarchy), if separately speaking then Carevina Austrija (empire of Austria) and Kraljevina Ugarska (kingdom of Hungary)
A lot of our swears have "fucking" included, so if you say "Jebem te u bulju" you'll say "I'm fucking you in your head" in Croatian, but "I'm fuckin' you in the ass" in Serbian
I remember even reading articles about how they could populate the areas that are dying out and save us from a demographic disaster XD
Dude, its not only a successor state of the Rus, but the exact same royal bloodline;
) for 200 kn, which is like 25 eur so i did just that
Milk or beer, depending on the meal and mood
3AM was obviously during the summer
So i would say its pretty common
Golden cross around neck, fanny pack equipped, tracksuit, BMW/Mercedes, beats his wife, most likely from Imotski/Hercegovina, listens to extremely loud Cajke even though he is a die-hard nationalist while spraying swastikas everywhere
What is sad is that these measures should not be voting promises but standard procedure to curb Saudi salafist ideology in Europe.
I'd like to copy trains from France
Don't push it, [he might become the PM if we don't leave him alone.]
Video:
Well tbf the ones singing in Zagreb are mostly tourists
as an amputee I can say that that's not fun
You and Italians need to agree first
Zato sto smo opasne ustase i odgovorni za sve zlo na svijetu.
Serbobosnomonteatian i Hercegovian please.
Not even surprised
No one liked him so this was a victory for everyone, be it Serbians or all neighbours
its a rivalry triangle
Krvava Kuna (Bloody Kuna [Croatian currency]): we would take a coin and spin it on the table
[Hladetina]
"Pas" means dog and waist
In Hungarian I think "sz" is for "s" and "s" is for "sh"
i always had fun while hanging with germans
wait, none of you could swim and you went on a dinghy in the deep
But seriously, do you know why
Mi o vuku a vuk na vrata
Side-note: "Nijemci" is Germans here, too.
It's silly to me that she came to a protest flaunting her credentials though
It used to be logo of a sort, but, as [wiki]( states, after that picture from Afghanistan there was public criticism, and scout snipers stopped using it.
But before we die, it's going to be here on the Earth warmer than it should be
Some of our most famous generals during Yugoslav wars trained at French foreign legion so there is that
And both nations declined that those happened even tho croatia like indenpended country didnt exist in ww2 it was puppet state NDH
With Lend Lease the got massive amount of materials from airplanes and ammunition to locomotives, wagons and food which help them to hold back Germans and reorganized
I LOVE milk, but haven’t drunk it since February
** That's almost 3 months
• on - he
The female presenter looks like she was constructed in a marketing firms board meeting.
It's true for both
In 20 years, all the current principal world actors are likely to be dead and the state of the world unrecognizable.
I’d still say loosing everything Russia has fought for since the 1600s is a bit worse than loosing Alaska though
There was a way to transfer it to another person, but I don't remember how it worked
Oh I understand completely
Definitely
Communist and fascist forces fighting in a civil war with heavy support from other european nations
I remember i really liked the Ice&Fire one
**English**: if not a festival season then usually completely red, ginger hair and burnt to a crisp
They seem like an okay bunch, sure, there's always that stigma of drug cartels in Columbia, crime ridden favelas in Brazil.
Your country was one of the first to recongize Kosovo
lol
I don't think there is a prejudice against Poles in eastern Europe.
Reminds me when we had our own Planes ;_;
poor idiots downvoted this
895 - Hungarian tribes arrive to the Carpathian Basin.
Also, italians are highly religious which i want to escape from here in croatia
It seems our governments have the same spiritual animal.
And
Should burek with cheese be classified as a burek or a cheese pie (sirnica)
We weren't happy about it, they weren't happy about it and it was and is a massive dick move.
This is classic example of "everyone with whom I don't agree is a nazi"
[What the red in the distance reminds me of]
"Prodajem zjake i farbam oblake"
Hydro energy, Wind energy and Solar energy
Sure, it is a very niche example, but I am fairly certain you will agree that having a sudden influx of labourers from Africa during the 1950s is vastly different to having generations of people move due to effects of colonialism and slavery
[Here is a gif that visualizes the population change over the last century and a half]
To add, it's also the classic "northern" Europe vs "southern" Europe rivalry, with Zagreb being colder, and people being stereotyped as quieter and stuck up, and Split being warmer, and people being more wild and passionate, but lazy at the same time
Curved
I for one, would gladly accept my new European overlords over anything the last elections had to offer
[This one] .
He's still at his stuff
It is hilarious how people speak their true opinions when given the option to remain anonymous.
Mediating like a baws, making it clear to these Romans that only glorius Roman empire can remain if all sit down at the table and hold hands.
That's the point, nobody cares except my father and that's why I have wooden windows
Moomin TV show aired here
For 1 you can buy 2 pieces of gum
And has no connection to article, inequality is happening in Poland, China and Japan which are extremely homogeneous, but I guess he will look smart if he links 100 of sources that some other guy made.
Like the purplish pink lighting being pincired by deep dark blue clouds
Here in Croatia you even can't volunteer.
Torpedo as well
Well it did become a Belgian colony later but Belgian government annexed it specifically to end Leopold's atrocities, Belgium didn't do shit
This is opposite of tragic
[Croatian parliament issued a order] in 1586 to impale every Serb who was caught pillaging and kidnaping people ( at that time Slavonia was under Ottoman control and was settled by Serbs.)
That man has an indesputably large brain
110212,14
Oh my god, i found one in the wild
This has happened many times in the past
I'd buy that, if the emphasis wasn't on EU's trade policy as well as the Euro.
1st or 2nd most surreal place I've ever been to, [looks like something that "fell from Mars"] from Kalabaka beneath it.
We have those too but sometimes we get commercial mail in our mailboxes even though it's prohibited by law.
The establishment of Yugoslavia is also very important after WW1 and although we don't like to mention this, WW2 and the NDH period also had an influence later on with forming of our modern day state
For example, mliko/mleko/mlieko would all be legit for use.
Well, that depends
Then the crime which happens down south (which is the place i'd like to live in italy), constant murders and shit
Everyone knows 'everytime we touch'
Its the second one since, i'm guessing, he did it alphabetically but its wrong
Second picture is weather, state of atmosphere at certain point
I don't really listen to metal, but I think there are some great rock bands in Croatia that are kinda big here but not really internationally
There was actually a study done recently on this topic(on phone so can't link).
He would have been held responsible for war crimes under a fair trial
Switzerland, definitely
However, I'm sure that most people still prefer it instead of american-like system
However, a state doesn't need to be a "nation state" necessarily
Being defined by solely one thing would strike me as overly simple, and for me being European is a part of who I am
[Čokolino] - it's a baby food, but everyone eats it and it's consumed more by adults than babies because it's delicious.
That's odd
Ispod luka u luku Luka nosi luk i luka.
What’s the fuzz about
This is the most interesting and mesmerizing picture I have seen so far on this subreddit
clownworld
He just holds the latest patent, first records show it was  [Leonardo da Vinci] and after that second was Faust Vrancic (Fausto Veranzio) from Sibenik, then Venetian republic
It is literally one of the most common arguments between dalmatians (2 ipo) and northerners (pola 3)
I like it
It could be another war if the RS tries to secede.
Charlemagne is always Karlo Veliki
Illustration: only ONE company from my town produced 3,5 million pairs of shoes for the Russian market
Ut facilisis ut velit at accumsan
Zagreb is not even close to that number
Awww it is German for "all's well that ends well"; we had a small conflict here but it led to you learning a new thing so we can remember it as a positive, good little event
And I think Catholicism is generally more down with alcohol and holiday celebrations
Those racks and hangs were always places just outside of a classroom and each grade had their own row assigned to them for that year
Where do you think we source our calamari from?
Cigarette fell into the hay, half of the city burned, and the capital had to be moved
The price paid to Portugal for the aircraft was about EUR 120 million while the rest was the cost of upgrade and logistic support.*
So basically my hometown got it's name from the verb "zagrabi" which translates to grab
Even belgium and netherlands arent very famous for good weather
> I don't understand the people that
Like, when boys were tattooed with Christian symbols they wouldn't be taken to janissaries or something?
Maybe someone should tell Turkey what fascism is?
So lofi girl is a Barcelona fan
What a magnificent ass on that statue.
Balkan wars is something of a prelude to world war 1
I'd say Soviets count as part of the allies just for ww2 though
Also, make sure that money goes to infrastructure and not into the local warlord pocket.
;( Bengal is saddened that it was not included in the big boys list.
Because it was basically 4 out of 5 last summers
Man New York times is on a spree today...
Geographical centre of Croatia is in Bosnia.
I mean I thought our island of Brač (pop ~14,000, 400km^2) was decently populated and then I read somewhere that Malta has a population of more than 500,000 on an area of a bit more than 300km^2
Also yeah, the passivity
I wouldn't do that in full body armor
is that *seriously* the argument you're going with?
Very cool
so shouldn't we be the ones building the wall?
I feel you, Im also a nerd
didn't they let barbarians settle within their borders
Tko se nije skril, magarac je bil
Prince Charles looks like a joke
I'm thinking about moving to Sweden in a few years but everything I hear about the winter in Scandinavia is scaring me.
Možemo - new political party, formed by former green activist, focus their efforts on fighting corruption in our capital
I'm okay with it only if the uniforms are blue with golden stars
Turks do be T H I C C
Our relations are getting better but when we play against each other it is like playing a final
Hmmm, it does look like a nice future port for us.
It will then be Germany's problem, not ours
Except in Split after a heavy rain
Kinda shocked it's not what everyone has
So there are some words which are different (for example, šargarepa/mrkva (carrot), kino/bioskop (cinema), promet/saobraćaj (traffic)), but a lot which are similar, which is obvious from the picture of the cigarette package.
I also know God save the Queen, the German, Serbian, Polish and Italian anthems and some more
It is just Serbs complaining as always....
Tho, we had a referendum by right-wing (mainly badly disguised catholic church folks) to put the definition of marriage as between a "man and a woman" into Constitution (which passed, unfortunately), but only outcome that came of it was that the marriage was renamed as "life partnership".
That's an insane ratio indeed, they all had it pretty high in the Balkan wars.
You're welcome
How about, I don't know, using the navy to blockade the damn sea?
khem, English people, khem
Per seay
Yes, because reactionary populism has always been the cure throughout history, never once did it go wrong.
Slovenia- no more border disputes, the only reasons why they dislike us
Ustaše were the (mostly) volunteer party militia
eu has ignored the economies of europe as they burn
To a certain degree you are correct.
It's flat along the strip of Sava and Drava rivers and in the east along Danube where 2/3 of population live.
They also speak Bosnian and Montenegrin.
"Bolje ikad, nego nikad"
THE END IS NEAR
I live on the 16th floor
I know that japanese does it
[Digital version of the Jelačić's flag]
The third one is on my request and it should mean "i piss on your mother's grave". It's "kushen su ema hauale".
Especially when she starts yelling at me that I'm going to die if I don't eat lol
By God, I wanted to gauge out both my eyes and go van Gogh on both of my ears
There are some countries i'd theoretically like to move to because i'm getting sick of primitivism here but not a lot
Oh, I am not against a developed and mighty China, my sentence was merely about its ruling structure.
a system that is already working?
There are a couple of secrets Tito left here :)
My absolute favourite is the flag Ban Jelačić took into battle
I must say that it's probably overrated, but I had a great time there acting like I was a part of the Austrian Aristocracy in the 19th century
What town or region are you from
Croatia
Either PISA test results are easily manipulated or
I guess they'd mind if you joined NATO, right
I used to think EU was actually good
Thanks cunt ;)
Someones' personal view differs from what the media say
Pretty much every bakery and supermarket has them.
I keep reeding about these vespa executions where innocent get killed as well but you know better than me, for sure
Lived in Karlovac before
Cairn of Barnenez, the oldest surviving building on Earth, France
It takes 5+ hours for 1
/Idem u vodu
At the time, it was the fiercest and most protracted battle seen in Europe since 1945, and Vukovar was the first major European town to be entirely destroyed since the Second World War
And what about our factories you dumb fuck?
Split is Meereen and Dubrovnik is King's Landing.
~~Marriage is the partnership of which to raise a family is the goal
Tbh there is more, I would say communist songs might piss off the right wing quite easily, as much as some war-related songs (Cavoglave most notably) would trigger the left
Sunshine hours are a significant factor for mental health
"Dobro znaš da sam gospodin
Same here, some of our weapons even ended in ISIS hands
The three made up the 'Triune of Croatia' and entered a personal union with Hungary in 1102 (some will argue Hungary annexed us but they be haters).
UK is testing close to 10,000 every day if you have symptoms - I think they're doing well
read it in book
Something something costa rica in 2014 WC
"(He) walks like he's won the world", means arrogantly walking around
And if they happen in Split then people tend to complaim by throwing stones at it
Shall is used a lot in aviation english
I don't think we had any continous long lasting friends
I mean, the restaurants sell food
A wish that Croatian culture exists in future.
lucy us that this was only 5
That's definitely an Android advantage, I really appreciate the freedom of choice
Some people here tend to be apologistic when it comes to political correctness deciding what is appropriate, if it was a beauty contest then yeah it is clear as water that she shouldnt have won and I'm taking my racist bias to the side here.
Communist and fascist forces fighting in a civil war with heavy support from other european nations
OK, I'll start with Navihanke
Nationalists are a special kind of idiots.
Ummm less touristic and Dubrovnik can’t really go in the same sentence
Wait, isn't red bull from Thailand
You can always come to Croatia which is basically a Czech exclave during summer :)
I don't know how it even starts in Croatian, even though there is a Croatian version, but it doesn't sound natural.
Otherwise, it's unlocked
That would throw a wrench in their economies and we can't have that, can we
Bogomoljka in Croatian, with the same meaning
It's petty either way and I doubt that it really "had to go". It's not like Hungary has a lot of democratic traditions to which it can return to anyway
I am actually happy that Yugoslavia is back
Yes, China, US and Russia have more soft power than the UK
Xerxes' Pontoon Bridges were constructed in 480 BC during the second Persian invasion of Greece upon the order of Xerxes I of Persia for the purpose of Xerxes’ army to traverse the Hellespont (the present day Dardanelles) from Asia into Thrace, then also controlled by Persia (in the European part of modern Turkey).
But, I am still happy to go back home for a while
What to hell would they need it for?
Finally someone realistic
Other places like our mountains are some forests inland where you can get absolutely lost and of course if you would live on a ship in the middle of the Adriatic
I really love Portuguese
I think Austria is quite underrated.
Yeah its pretty normal for example my aunt and uncle go to Hungary every once in a while to buy groceries because some stuff is cheaper there
You kill the archduke of a big and powerful country - you get slapped
Sure
I was in Verona in a McDonalds waiting for the cashier to put the food on my tray and I noticed he didn't put a straw on it, so I, unaware that the straw dispenser is right next to me, arrogantly said in Croatian "For fuck's sake you could've at least given me a fucking straw" to which he replied "They're right here dumbass" in Croatian as well
F1 race, mostly in 2017
As for faculty level education in specific dialects, have no idea
He was explaining it as having syncope, rare medical condition where you pass ~~away~~ out from having too much blood in your brain
Both but i write in cursive
That's because our country is a comedy
Great thing is that I can watch their channels without having problems with understanding.
It's not ALL I want
If mods dont like it: I as a Croat upvoted and approved of this post
Couple of years ago, someone naimed their son Diego Armando Maradona + last name
In general the ex-Yougoslavian states are pretty tolerant of other races its other balkan people that prople here can't stand
I wager you're either 3rd or 4th generation immigrant
[...list into list, file into file, box into box?]
Najvjerojatnije je većina pomijesana u vecim gradovima
Judging by the way it was done until now our government would do it without changing the constitution.
Russia is not economically strong enough to have 3 conflicts at the same time.
5 magnitude aftershock in Croatian Parliament today
891325
i live in zagreb and it woke me up when it started, there is light to medium damage to older buildings, report of kid that died turned out to be false, some churches were damaged so its good thing everyone is isolating, it was not as bad as it could have been
I would like to reserve Bengal.
&#x200B;
This was the first big earthquake I felt in my life
It actually had an aroma of nuts and was a solid, elastic mass that can be easily spread on a piece of bread, whereas the Croatian one separates into two liquids with one being full of sugar (of course, that's probably due to the storage conditions of my local supermarket, but again).
they'll google you aplently when you win the EUROs again
From a Croat point of view (how I was taught in primary school), we include Slovenia and southern parts of Romania around the Danube as Balkans as well
2015 - 52%
5h bus trip
I go there every summer since my grandparents live on the southern coast of the island
Unfortunately, yes
I was there on a school trip years ago, only there wasn't any snow
Also, has quite a lot of functional and non-functional industrial architecture (old factories from the Austro-Hungarian era and newish refineries and shipyards), so it's cool for people who like that sort of thing, but also ugly for people who don't. Prides itself on being liberally minded and open to multiculturalism
Dead hand is meant to respond to nuclear annihilation.
Ah yes
YouGov are one of the most respectable polling firms in Europe, the other one I've never even heard of.
Whenever I go visit home breathing in that sea air gives me a nice high
Yap, but the same boss
Also I will never forget when WikiLeaks declared Panama Papers scandal an US orchestrated smear campaign against Putin's regime.
I read it somewhere ,but not being sure I wrote
How is your country doing
Let's just hope that they settle down this insane border dispute with liberland
The amount of castles we lost due to negligence and disrepair is horrid.
memes aren't illegal yet
Or do I have wrong information that after Muslims perform the Hajj they put "hadži" prefix on their surname?
Sorry man, i really don't want to bash italians, i'm just saying that you are a bit too loud for me
I wish the majority, which isn't buying the whole coronavirus show, could give them guys a place to be in so they don't bother us with playing into the covid situation in which they believe in, and the majority does not
Case in point, during WW1 practically every single male of fighting age, as well as some older and younger, were both armed and organized.
often there's someone you know who has a van which helps when you need to bring shit from ikea but this time the tables were too big for that van so i rented one
It's normal, it's human, but the odds are decidedly not in your favor.
Let's go yurop
Plitvice lakes, Croatia
Don't you guys still have the death sentence ?
But Kosovo is Serbia, no
You do taxes like Americans
Gavrilo Princip was a member of an organization supported by the Serbian king
If I know as much as a guy, they share even more amongst themselves
It's really bad
It sure isn't UK
Yes, and then they just work overtime without asking for payment for the overtime, dropping the hourly wage up to a third, pretty easy workaround.
And after that, they armed the Serbian population in Croatia and supported them to start the "civil" war which they joined with their army not long after with excuse that they're defending those Serbian's in Croatia
[Still active according to police twitter
I found it charming more than hilarious
>Croats, Montenegrins, Albanians: do tourists sometimes use Italian names for your cities
Shvacam, cuo sam "so" prije ali nikad "vo" pa me malo zbunilo
Experiments cant be put into timetables, especially for PhD and postdocs who work unpaid overtimes and weekends anyway
And even if it were
Swarms of them, but they are tourists.
:) I'm an agnostic/atheist, but seriously just today I saw a newspaper headline about how 78% of youth/young adults in Croatia believes in God with the subtitle "religious nation".
You doing it all on your own is the entire point
They are dancing not walking.
Yes
So they're announcing that she'll be announcing that the UK will be taking that course of action at some point in the future?
But good to hear they don't experiment much with architecture.
Most likely [the Battle of Sisak]
I was downvoted to oblivion when i once answered somebody who said that Syrian immigrants "keep reproducing like rabbits" that this isnt factually true.
I also know some people who played or still play in various groups in Krapina, Varaždin, Kutina, Osijek, Rijeka, Opatija, Pazin, Umag, Zadar and Split
Well yeah but Pewdiepie
In Croatia, there is corruption in every segment of your life
Did you draw a wizard
Maybe two or three years ago because ISP had maintenance.
He is just spending goverment's money
We fucked that up all by our own.
We don't just like Ukraine we like/love all our Slavic Brothers
This is what you get when you think of people as groups rather than individuals
This is
But trying to set democratic regimes where the population are not ready for some reasons, or worse when they are rejecting it, is a waste of time and is now proven to be highly counter-productive.
This is for disposable masks
oh man, i'd say i'm pretty good at it, being from a tourist popular place in croatia
Afghanistan isn't an extreme example, it's one of the few places left that genuanly has a different culture
It was extremely popular in Croatia as well (for rock listeners), the original Hungarian version
I was thinking of singers like Ines Erbus.
Quite a curious shithole considering its streets are, unlike those in France, still safe to walk at night
Mind you, I wouldn't say we have "a lot" of wind farms - at least compared to how many more we could install - but [they're growing] much, much faster than anything solar here.
None of these are really internationally famous but
Drinking at work, straight up uncool
afaik it was more against Iran than Russia
Last one looks so funny
I'm about to go to one in an hour
I also hate sarma, along with grah, whenever I tell people, they go berserk
But you could
Therefore they have the strongest regional identity and many of them are Istrians first and Croats second (also on the last census more than 10% of population declared as Istrians which is unheard of in rest of the country)
Pljuc
Yes, the bomb went off and there were lots of injured people.
Red and white squares
Il si ustaša il si partizan
We learn about Greek, Egyptian and Nordic mythologies and while they are indeed beautiful, it is a shame that so little time is devoted to Slavic mythology.
In other words, neither Brexit nor Trump were lagging behind as much as Le Pen is in the second round, they were both extremely close with the other option in polls.
Lessons were 45 mins long with pauses of 5 mins and 2 longer ones for eating after 3th lesson and 4th
Better than Coca-Cola or pepsi if you ask me
Not sure in which order to go, but
Astronomical taxes, rising crime and Denmark
Definitely nation's favourite couple
I grew to love that city and it’s people
bar - at least
Actually we are a closer to that than one would think.
[Marš na Drinu, (March on Drina)] - Very inspiring, the lyrics are especially sharp and fun, really motivates you to go and fight for your fatherland
Pa no, na kraju dana, ono sto zaista ubije covjeka je dosada
i know that this is the first time i hear it mentioned somewhere outside of school and first time i'm hearing it
Coloquily people would call 48% a majority but the law is really precise on that point for very obvious reasons.
Desire to see Croats living in Croatia in future.
Pain
Jebeni Index sa svojim člancima bljuje mi se
Stormont part was most confusing.
The focus is going to be on Europe
We don't know enough about Neanderthal genes to say that they had light skin.
I hate that they named Zagreb's airport after him
I don't really care what people do to themselves if it doesn't affect me, but smoking does affect me.
This
Also every now and then you can hear the driver honking and swearing because some asshole decided to cut him off
It kinda distorts the line between Nazis and those that claim to be anti-nazis, both go after violence and it's just a never ending circle of fighting, Germany has laws against such things, it should be left to the authorities to sanction the guy
What are the chances of global warming turning it into the next New World?
Don't know why people are downvoting you, but Merkel has a lot of victims to answer to, [Cologne] Ansbach, Würzburg, Berlin are all her policies fault.
Slovenes sort of have a higher pitch [on the letter ''i''] but I don't think I could overall distinguish their accent from Croatian or Serbian.
On behalf of croatia
I think it is far more wierd for Serbs to use Croatian words
Are you saying that gay atheist jewish vegans can't have background
We didn't deserve him and we should be happy for humanity's sake that he left.
Like most surnames, I assume no one thinks that a Smith has an actual blacksmith in his family haha
For someone who prefer german lager beers, those Belgian are disgusting, stronger and causes really bad hungover
I adore my dialect cause it's a combo of Italian and Croatian, it's hard to understand for other Croatians
*10,000 old soviet shit versus 13,000 modern aircraft
Oh yeah, I forgot about Orban
Every person who votes against the grain in their states has their vote taken away and given the the most popular candidate.
gdje - vanilla "where", current location
There was a shooting in Split, police found a dead woman and a wounded man.
Genome was spread much wider than official way enabled (i.
Well maybe you can look at it in a different way.
Ironically enough, 99% of all terrorist acts in the West are committed by people influenced by Wahhabi ideology.
Airplanes do not require 100s of km of highly maintained and fragile tunnel under vacuum.
Cue fear of losing my job and economic enslavement as soon as I'd sign the papers, yay
Wait, those huge buildings next to the river
Yes, we got a lot of words from Austria
We have the best *procedures*, ask anyone, they only take years and there are 5758 of them for everything!
It was used during Yugoslavia and abandoned after independence as military shrunk
It's probably one of the reasons why I can't see myself living here after finishing my studies
The Turkish advance wouldn't be halted, as the Turks involved were mainly raiding troops from Bosnia, and not any serious central Ottoman military formation
keep out of Balkan business
Pine Tree = Bor
-aaaa, croazia
Prljavo Kazalište- Marina, Heroj Ulice
• a - but
I never said they aren't, I am saying working class in SE as opposed to the W/NE
How are those languages different
all ruza/ruzica, jagoda, visnja, malina etc are old women in their 60s at least
You're thinking like a westerner.
Was wondering when i'll find one croat here because i dont think we have a town/city/region everyone likes
while ignoring that arming them will cost more then what our goverment tried to buy
Maybe I'm wrong, but I think we had the longest European continuous lasting state/country entity from (before) 835
It’s not completely the same, but similiar, because we say papuče, so papucs with an e at the end
In this day and age the creation of something like this is taking place
But I 100% feel like I belong in this part of the world, especially coastal part of the country
Dobra stara regija Banija,nedaleko od Siska
Edit: I rewrote the first comment, so there aren't any confusions
It is written in an old Dubrovnik dialect, sometimes in German or Italian
Sure but was it with more than 50% ?
The Balkans need to step it up
Yes
Dude, these are the kids of the current Ottoman royal family;
When the trade centers shifted to the north, things changed
damn
The recent war which has people arguing politics and beliefs and due to the financial situation everyone is doing something illegal
In it's most severe form it can lead to nationalistic fever, ethnic cleansing and manifestation of a condition known as [chetnik] That phase is usually permanent, and besides being dangerous and homicidal, it can lead to premature death.
you think rich people in China don't want to drive cars like BMW, Mercedes, Volvo, Volkswagen, Ferrari?
They are called "cases" in english
They are the world's largest country, yet dream of having warm seas
It was not peaceful but it didn't justify a crusade
From the outside it looks amazing, from the inside it's quite boring imo
I don't really count Ceuta and that other place (Melila?) as Spanish border.
I knew it, look at my comment down below where I mentioned canary islands
Adolf, who quite objectively was a dictator managed to convince people he was a leader, THE leader Germany needed.
(In Dubrovnik)  not sure, though
I am not saying it's not valid *per se*.
While Serbs and Croats are extremely similair (I mean we have the same language) they are two different nations and people
Living in Istria, a lot of Italian people living Here (it was under Italia 1920 - 1943) and we hate it when they call us Italian
When you lie in bed all day everyday it gets boring
This
All the way from 1918 up to 1999
If the question was "did it make Europe more prosperous" or idk, fast to move in some issues, or simple, or even if the question was about some Eurozone/refugee issues (but that's assuming refugees wouldn't move through Europe if there was no EU, which doesn't work the moment you notice they moved through Serbia&co and they care about Germany/Sweden, NOT the EU itself), I'd get it.
Can you imagine being one of the people on the sidewalk at the end?
I would say something like jebenti mater maybe
Seriously, so many Germans everywhere, makes you wonder if there's anyone keeping the fort at home...
They are always in the news with coundowns and speculations if he doesn't come back to her on time
Ehh I think to maintain your Protestantism in a >80% Catholic country you probably have to be really hardcore in your beliefs
I haven't heard of it at all
We'd just go on business as usual except the EU institutions would have more powers
Cigarette fell into the hay, half of the city burned, and the capital had to be moved
What if you don't have a choice?
I might be a bit biased but a shrunken version of the Balkans
EU is already spending 3 times more money on defence than Russia and this really happens it would be 5 to 1 probably with advantages in technology and industrial capacity.
Folders
-Ante Gotovina,general in Croatian Homeland war/War of the independence
Just checked on Wikipedia, grammar schools in the UK only exist in some parts of England and Northern Ireland and there are only 163 of them
They are quick but they would also write for example: BREAKING NEWS: Ronaldo scores a hattrick
Conflict rates drop to zero
Digging in the backyard not likely, but there are roman ruins in the cifies and countryside, there are medieval castles about and many churches are also quite old
Yeah
Interesting video and point of view.
I'm not saying it is bad to have a lot of tourists, however, when you can't walk at all it becomes annoying
Thanks for info, didn't know Netherlands has enrichment facilities.
But subway stations are really dirty and unwelcoming, feel like they should work on that
Call us Mitteleuropa then I might tell you
All of that is build on top of old military buildings and hangars
Like every other country Croatia is living through a populist rise in right wing nationalism.
We were only there for a few hours though
American officers are veterans.
This is so ugly it should be made illegal.
"Maćij kašalj" translates to "A cats cough" means "A piece of cake"
So why waste everyone's time if they are going back anyways?
i do hope that A Hi Bi Hi Europska Banka za obnovu i razvoj
Unchecked muslim mass immigration for one.
200 złoty
In Istria, they say fratello/fra too
Fun fact, Zagreb has a larger GDP than the entire country of Bosnia and Herzegovina (3
You have several villages around Pecs with a lot of them having geothermal baths
" you have to remember something - Croatia lost up to 300,000 people (according to unofficial numbers) in the last couple of years
SES S.A. (Astra) - one of the world's biggest telecommunication satellite operator, headquartered in Betzdorf
And the one that boils my blood the most is being called a third world country
The kind of unions that can be proposed varies drastically though
How boring will that be after few weeks
Not a lot of their products except for snacks which are very good imo
Maybe they are from the inland part behind the city, there isn't much water there.
Nezz, kod mene tu je Ludi Dan, i u mom gradu, i u Sisku i cijeloj okolici
"Why would I  feel threatened
Btw, thanks for the answer
In ullamcorper mauris dapibus velit sodales, in ullamcorper augue posuere
Sed commodo, ex id cursus venenatis, nunc nisl vulputate tortor, ac hendrerit dui quam id ante
From your link
You qualify for compensation up to one potato from queen's own garden per forced out ancestor.
Upping your charisma skill and persistently meeting new people will ensure that you'll find your language sensei
We're actually at 5,6 million but I guess it doesn't hurt to comment.
Its people are known by their extreme hospitality, great food and hardwork
However the argument may be for the languages, imo it is for the best we keep them seperated as they have been and still are developing under different circumstances
Some people just want to save some money ;-)
Ok, fair enough
What is the story behind lighting it up with the Israeli flag?
That's regional
Even tho sometimes there are incredible deep dicsussions or argues online between Croatians and Serbs
Another thing most people don't like about him is that he's a Croat from southern Bosnia, and those people are basically viewed the same way Sicilians are viewed in northern Italy, if not worse
Usually if you see a restaurant in the main street in city centre it's usually a trap
Magnus Maximus was an opportunistic moron, usurper and secessionist scum.
Swords
Also clock my flair but Serbo-Croatian is also very easy to learn how to pronounce (but harder to master because of the consonant clusters)
The US bombing operations in Syria are all accidents?
Thing is, Austria gets used as a synonym for the various forms the Habsburg imperial constructs took over time, so that's why people think of "Austria" when they think of "number of times thing is mentioned in history class". But realistically, we learn very little about Austria proper, instead focusing on the Habsburgs themselves, and the deep effect that being part of their holdings had on us
It's our cat nip
Bosnia is a special one because the Bosniaks want to separate themselves form the other 2 entities.
Noone knows if NATO would intervene in a conflict in central europe maybe they would just let it go like the UN sometimes
Croatia
> Gay people getting married somehow interferes with your feeling of pride
Na vrh brda vrba mrda :)
Yaay finally away from Serb
Ah our monthly dose of commuting Austrian president
Well, I hope we get Grippens because they’re the most suitable for our defence system for they need much shorter track to take off, meaning they can be hidden more easily
Because I am not forfeiting my point from the get-go, or rather, because I even dared to discuss it, you've proclaimed not only me, but **the whole of people of Croatia** to be barbarians (that is what the ending of their (u/mmedepompadour) comment aabove says in Croatian: "zbog ovakvih stvari ljudi misle da su hrvati divljaci")
In 2019
It took me embarrasingly long time to figure out what the left underwear image is supposed to be
I wouldn't say it is popular, but it isn't unusual to see beards either
There is one every two weeks, hard to keep track of them all
I've heard Burgenland Croats have some bilingual gymnasiums
But I believe it should be possible for large swaths of Lika/Dinara/Velebit are
" - said while holding a steak on the blackeye and missing a tooth or two
Da ja zivim u Zagrebu i ovo je jako, jako lose
Well democracy in Hungary is kind of nonexistent at the time and other countries are doing similar things like Hungary with direct control(totalitarianism) and dictatorship like Poland or Finland and USA is kind of in a pickle with the corona thing so it is a perfect opportunity for democracies to crumble and wars to pop up
They sound russian to me but they're probably not...
I know a handful of people who know them
I mean forcing parents to feed their children is techically forcing substances into that child
To me, as a native, they sound different and you definitely know where does someone come from when they start to speak
judging by the votes I triggered quite a lot of them :)
my bad
locked since theres no huge benifit in leaveing it unlocked and no huge down side to locking it
I get all of them but that one
I think it's fair, this whole thing with OP's attitude.
Our revenge will get you even in Serbia
The long lost brothers I never knew we had.
On the other hand, Croatian is definitely harder to learn for any foreigner than German
And we even write it with W even though we don't have that letter in our language
Well Vocin had that genocide and they are naturally very sensitive about it and there are also still some Serbs in the area
They have a strong sense of self-identity and are relatively rich region with few roads leading in
I know you treat your war criminals like heroes
agreed
Switching 2 parties, making his own, a true master of shameless political trade
The port on the outlet / charger
Actually, it is debatable to what extent nuclear fallout would destroy mankind.
Bosnia has territorial and ethnic continuity and declared independence on the basis of the borders from the constitution of 1974.
I made it less creepy I think
Geographically the same
He's a man of practicality
I always try to learn at least how to say “Hello, do you speak English
Nice looking forward to an european breitbart finally some good news source
When you swim on your back, you swim near the edge of the pool
Mostly with EU money, but still..
Italian on the coast and German probably inland
I was only here cupple months seen it was not for me and I droped out
For example, Zagreb has German name - Agram and Osijek - Esseg (it has Hungarian and Turkish variant aswell)
Italy
It may have had sense once, when women gave birth at 20, but now they are almost 30 when they have first child, so they should have time to serve their time.
That would all be above 60kn and would round up to a weird number
But I didn't think that's a very popular food in Croatia, I mostly relate it to going to Sljeme, and old people fighting over free beans when they cook it on squares or something
Well i'm pretty sure Zagreb has good security measures when they happen.
Yes it did, I believe it was even labeled as breaking news by a few (those consider everything breaking news) but it was only mentioned on the day that it happened unlike the NZ shooting which is still mentioned
Zagreb has something for everyone and has a really nice vibe when you think about it
How about changing it to "Genghis Khan conqueror of China"... sound more fancy to me
So, I would like to ask: If you were alive when your country switched from the local currency to the Euro, how did you accept the change
We also have brown bears and wolves, but idk what was the last time someone got attacked by them
You’re gonna love the next chapter, it all comes around
On what grounds do these migrants (Pakistanis and Afghans) deserve asylum?
He's been in office for almost 20 years
Huh, so that's basically opposite of us.
How do you explain the fact that non-democratic societies of the past often were very prosperous, developed and yielded great discoveries, great things for human race?
Recent developments have also helped Poland lay the groundwork for its eventual emergence as a regional power, as stated in our 2040 forecast.
Croatia, [in the middle of the city streets.]
Yes, I learned when I was 3
Well isn't that excellent
If there's one place that quite convincingly demonstrated that the CIA is anything but all-powerful, it's Castro's Cuba, sitting right next door.
This is actually one of the most intriguing maps I've seen recently
We have good players, but the manager is just doing bad job
While I know the literal translation is "per head", per capita doesn't have to mean "For each person" - it just means "Normalised to the population".
A conservative Christian country, what do you think?
Which means:"hundred people,hundred wonders" basically the same as "different strokes for different folks"
Source: Dalmatian living in Zagreb
they have some problems with Slovenia
Your words are just cheap socialist populistic bull shit ppl like to hear
And we make atheists pay churches through the taxes
Other than that, you use a car to awkwardly move it
Ah yes,  as a Belgian you'd be the expert here
It depends on who you ask I suppose
We have a lot of people dumpster diving
Turns out the receptionist is a Croat
>Even Arkan didn't hate Croats as much (some sources even saying he helped Croats in the war)
So roughly, they controlled half of Balkans at the time
Schools in Vukovar are divided between Croats and Serbs.
Inland towns such as Glina or a city like Slavonski Brod where industries didnt really collapse but the city itself is just fucked
Do you consider trophoblast to be alive since it's also made out of the fertilized egg cell?
Giving a hyperactive, aggressive Balkan man a personal flying arsenal of doom...
uzroče istini od naše sve slave,
Its gonna be snowing in a few days too
I doubt Russia would invade just to put him in his place
I feel like that's not really true
I must share my grand grandmother  daily routine, and she lived hundred years
Looks more like you guys sent them to the Baltics to keep your own country safe.
If the only thing a stock has going for it is the price constantly going up, that's what shareholders are going to demand
Now I feel mean :(
Dactyloscopy (fingerprint identification), torpedo,  parachute, thermos bottle
Also, while we're at it, while googling for cool names we found Ganja on the list of popular scandinavian names
Dvije žene hodaju ulicom, jedna se češka, a druga se slovačka.
The PKK has no right to exist in it's current state.
What are the odds
Had very unfortunate incident involving a kiss, a finger and an eye
[Brezen] existed in Croatian as well.
You can read more about it [here] Anyway during the entry of Croatia into EU, there were fears that heavy regulations would be imposed making kolinje no longer doable, since everyone thought that everyone who wanted to slaughter pigs had to have neccessary conditions, which most could not afford to build
that is slowly happening here in Croatia.
Ante Pavelic
Atleast Boris could open borders to us, he comes to our country every year almost
And from what I‘ve heard some Ukrainians volunteered and fought for Croatia as well in the 90ies
I must admit I don't understand the logic behind this.
They are a man and a woman
They are not gay because they are a man and a woman the same way a gay couple cannot have a marriage for being a gay couple
I was always fascinated by Caucasian region and if I am not wrong, are not Circassians attempting to resettle their former lands and recreate Circassia or is that pure fiction?
I am Croat amd can also understand more Slovak than Czech
For example, using a word that has roots in the German or English language would be incorrect and you'd have to find another word that has roots in the aforementioned ones
Potentially true, but still, one could argue that most current day politicians also have personal aversions to dying horribly in a ball of nuclear fire.
It is also known in some countries as *Black Ribbon Day*.
And when you ask that, you will see that this isnt tragic but spectacular comapred to any alternative
I hold a great dislike toward my accent
Preksutra = day after tomorrow
On the other hand, spain, italy, south of france, albania, montenegro, greece
Sed semper ipsum lectus, a interdum sapien porttitor nec
It being used in the 90s doesnt change the fact that it is a nazi/ustase greeting.
I don't think it's that frowned upon
ISIS wasn't involved in the planning of the attack, but the lunatic that did it shared the same ideology, so they're taking credit in that way - the shining light that shares the truth of the world, down with the decadent west, holy war revolution, bla bla.
Of course, anyone who accepts the force religion to Sunni can live for a while.
If we make a decentralized news agregator service, we can have it all: our snippets, and no Google
Wilders or current government ?
Bonus: bikes also get stolen a lot (source: friends whose bikes got stolen)
She is pretty though
The most recent case is Zdravko Mamic, it's even become a meme now that whenever there is some laege sentencing against someone (happens every few weeks) we joke how there might be some traffic jams on Bosnian border
“We’re the last defense from the Russians — if they come here, nothing will protect the EU further,” says Bondarenko.
( **iza brega** - **'za breg'** - **zagreb**)
Looks like an interesting city with it being half on an island
Take your gold and gtfo
Ratio of Serbs and Croats was equalized, and later number was clearly in favour of Croatians, and it tipped the balance in favour of partisan movement.
In unoccupied Croatia they were mercenaries, bandits and freedom fighters that escaped from Ottoman-occupied territories and settled in what little was left of either the Croatian kingdom or in regions under Venetian rule
Probably more
The public transport in Zagreb is abysmal
You almost did whole Croatia too so thank you for that :D. Cool map nonetheless
We call Vienna "Beč"(Baech) and Slovens call Vienna "Dunaj"(Do-nah-y)
I don't know actually nobody speaks about us
Death rates vs the previous year are all but worthless since all kinds of numbers are out of whack, most notably traffic accidents being down significantly
We learn a whole lot about Hungary in the Habsburg monarchy
Sounds like a normal afternoon in Croatia
yeah we would never have a government then
But at least we got a great musical out of it
Imamo jos par godina lufta prije nego krenemo ponovo
It's no longer guns but rater a war of words
there's also the word for bandaid (hanzaplast) however it's become less common, mosr people use "flaster" which to my knowledge has no brand
Moomins and spurdo are ebin :DDDDD
If what I'm told over the phone is serious enough to require me to leave the office, then I work those hours during the weekend to make up for the lost time
Yes, the general opinion among Serbian nationalists is that he's Serbian
...plus some languages are fused for whatever reason....they might as well just put YUGOSLAVIA label.
That’s a very reasonable point to make, but I’m just a human
Must be a diaspora thing because all 6 nations love to complain all the time
Or if Slavonia was an independent state
Thanks OP for this there is still freedom in some countries in Europe.
But yeah, he's just making fun of corruption otherwise it's obviously a big problem
Everyday clothes were probably simple plain version that still would pass as traditional today.
jeez, that guy had really bad luck
Well you never know, and I said it more as a joke but since Orban is now almost a dictator you can expect anything
Susramlje, basically the same thing
This is actually one of the most intriguing maps I've seen recently
On a serious note, there are like 50 countries in our continent and BH is not like an irrelevant one
Also, we have some dialects that are more difficult to understand than for example standard Slovenian
There's a bunch of them who came to pula, looking for a better life i guess, and people dont like their backwards mentality usually
Because there are no porcupines in Croatia
At the same time, despite all the talk about a single digital market, half of Europe (you guess which half) is constantly treated like a damned hellzone when it comes to access to those same digital services - from the "We do not ship here" to the "no iTunes store for your country" all the way to the "Stripe is not available in your country".
Hrvatski -
EDIT: oh also i'd like to add that if i go to another country, i can always tell when someone's croatian (or serbian or bosnian)
When they use the word whom, or the word fewer instead of less when referring to countable nouns (as in "there are fewer people in the room", instead of "there are less people in the room)
And another
Very popular among younger people
It can't be *that* easy
In the US if you're banking with one of the biggest banks, you can can get serviced anywhere in the country
Oh yes, those are really works of art XD
/1905
But considering that the talks over creating united European army are going nowhere I guess it is normal that the countries that feel threatened want some kind of assist in defence
i recently moved to åland, finland and cant wait for summer for the first time in my life, not dealing with temperatures i had back in Rab, Croatia from 35-40c on average is gonna be fantastic
) Is for some unknown reason on the other hand and noth close to the middle finger like usual
However, after 1943 majority of common partisan soldiers in Croatia were Croats.
Usually the ones showing off (with branded clothes, big houses and expensive cars) have some sort of complex
If your time is valuable to you then very very expensive
Naples or 90's St
My TV an PS4 fell from the shelf and are wrecked :( My gf jumped out of bed in 1 second
i think Ireland would fall apart, like litteraly a fall apart in 30-is different countries and everyone would become separate island and drift off to Atlantic that would be known as ocean of sadness
Good luck tracing which anti vaxxer gave you the flu a month before
There is word that got extremely popular in last decade
For God's sake man, our first president was Tito's general
Uffizi is surreal
I see what you did there
This
There's a profit margin for hospital services, higher profit margin for pharma goods, profit margin for insurance companies, etc and it all adds up.
In my humble opinion, very great destination indeed, with interesting sights and tales to tell, but any destination could be only so much crowded to be enjoyable
Croatian conservatives are unanimously praising Tuđman, but most of them are divided on Pavelić.
Yeah
Me too
Ukraine is beautiful as well, you guys have everything (even a desert if I’m not mistaken)
Istrias's history legacy is very rich and you can enjoy in the world's second most preserved Roman amphitheater in Pula, old city of Poreč, smallest city on the world Hum and other antics remains.
^^^JK ^^^probably ^^^going ^^^to ^^^sell ^^^it ^^^to ^^^pay ^^^debts.
Because nearly every single participant in Croatian politics is a scummy cumstain that deserves their shins bludgeoned inwards with a mallet.
This so much, even with all the problems we have here in the Balkans, I have never heard in my entire life of a similar event happening anywhere here.
Depends on their nationalty after all it is just a religion
Everything except nature, corruption and nationalism
[Yup
We learned mostly about how some noble Croatians (mostly ban Jelacic) fought and won the Hungarian uprising and then a bit how the German language was pushed onto us while a couple of politicians fought for Croatian language
All those benefits and advantages melted in the wars of the nineties
> The heads of state and government do not recognise the result of the presidential election
AFAIK there are several problems: we have no maps in regards to where they've been laid (so just mapping them took a while), a lot of them tend to be in difficult-for-machinery places like forests, ragged rocks and such, then even the floods can move them around a bit.
Slovenia is small
I went on an youth exchange under the Erasmus+ programme in Sarikamis, Turkey
" you have to remember something - Croatia lost up to 300,000 people (according to unofficial numbers) in the last couple of years
So, yes, technically his name is Croat Croat.
I feel like it's mainly serbian criminal culture, it goes hand in hand with serbian turbo folk
It can always come back for as much as we know, and the data may be flawed to begin with
Then again you have parts of middle Croatia that I would put in Balkan
New Market = Novi Pazar
It looks like it will be a strong EMA this year.
Ah, you mean you all actually do want your corrupt overlords out of the jail, you just haven't realized it yet?
Is there like a left wing info wars?
Wiping that white shit up and down while i'm freezing to death and while the snow is getting in my shoes
Change it to the half is German and the other Croatian
We have a similar thing, we call toothpaste *kaladont* thanks to the monopoly of one austrian [toothpaste manufacturer] back in the day
Most secession-prone regions + unstable countries in Europe (xpost from /r/IRstudies)
Finding proper ATMs and checking the exchange rate takes 5 minutes tops
[Polish] should be mentioned as well.
It’s in per 1M people
This is not true and you know it.
What do you think about joint EU army?
yea, go ride your bike around windmills or whatever you Dutch do
100% of the time in croatian
We are a closely connected to the Church and it's what has mostly funded us when we went on bigger trips, and our slogan is "God Church Country 100%" / "Bog Crkva Domovina 100%" (BCD 100%), so it's expected of us to be at least somewhat religious, and the majority of as indeed are
I can understand slovenian enough to watch movies and TV series on their television but I don't speak slovenian.
But this is all mute since most people look at europe geographically instead of culturally
And then when you disagree with them or tell them why it's wrong they take it as an personal insult
also those Croats that study another slavic language like Czech or Russian have a hand up in understanding Slovene.
You can visit it legally at working hours
After peactice :D
Just don't ask a European the 'How are you?' question.
You are a patriot when you fight for your country
A armed society is a polite society.
"gledat ko tele u šarena vrata"
I Ride my bike while I wat I don't see the problem if you're hungry just eat nobofy is gonna stop you
Morbi sodales dolor ac dolor vehicula, sit amet dapibus enim laoreet
UK Government pulls all its ads from YouTube after some end up funding extremist channels
When someone like that gives you an advice which you didn't ask for and then when they found out you did it your way they act like you betrayed them
truly a country of big numbers
As it was incredibly wealthy and art-oriented, Venice considered Dubrovnik as its Adriatic cultural rival
Well in any other circumstance you'd be right, but it's in those specific circumstances that they would *not* be punished.
Yes, they ruled over us, but they were good to us
Wake up, shot of Moonshine, than raw egg
Yes, and they nearly lost in WWII as well
They are doing this because they know they will be "rescued".
0,1 litre of rum - 9,99 HRK (1,4 €)
Čekić najjača.
QWERTZ with č ć đ ž and š, some other things are moved around as well, such as parentheses being on 8 and 9
Here we tend to fix things when they stop working so rebuilding that one will take some years since its still functional
And its not only people, they use it to promote political party for more votes to keep it on top next election
Or did Stalin do something special
Cras hendrerit viverra egestas
Other than that, EU is studied in a lesser degree in lessons about the rest of the world during the 50s to 90s, but enough to understand political dealings, of course, I'm only talking about history, and this should probably be studied in a subject that teaches more about politics, everyday stuff and etc
*krapfen
It's specially stupid to me since I am from Croatia.
Shows how much they care about democracy
I love rails and I will forever love them
They do
Where is the Isle of Woman
That money could be spent better.
Some of us are irritated by the closed ecosystem
Turkey can't into EU the same as Estonia can't into Nordic!
Also having an American protagonist calling it Yugoslavia in modern times would be a fun stereotype of an ignorant American who still thinks that country exists
To quote General Courtney Hicks Hodges prior to the Battle of the Bulge "No one would be stupid enough to attack through the Ardens for a third time"
What is the worst song your country sent to Eurovision
Though sometimes youll see just a regular space used
Not being in denial of it is already a massive step in the right direction
Edit: interestingly enough, all of them are split with Bosnia and on the rivers Sava and Una
These types of bait articles should not even be allowed here, no matter whether they are pro-Trump or pro-Clinton.
There's nothing radical, this is a average muslim, intolerant towards gays and full of hate for jews.
>The main focus of /r/Europe is the geographical region of Europe within the borders of the Caucasus, Ural and Bosporus strait (plus Cyprus, Greenland as well as the Caucasus countries Armenia, Azerbaijan and Georgia)
Well the political speeches we hear really are wonders but I'm thinking that's not what you're implying XD
We have seen this over and over again.
Watched the video and thought "Rivendell
Ballsy
I proceeded to enlighten you, since the article negates your own statement; the article states that those are the same problems, which Bulgaria and Romania are currently facing regarding the Schengen accession
Why not greece or france
ah i see
But yeah, any foreigner who would tell me he knows about Croatia and croatian culture better than me would have an earful
[If they even manage to get to Vienna]
Chill
But of course you never did play France, which is strange given the hours upon hours spent analysing the inevitable UK v France final, the night before playing and losing against Croatia
maybe its the fact i dont speak german but i dont think native speakers or people that are good at the language woulde have to guess but idk maybe im wrong about that assumption
I've been there
Same in Croatia
bus went at 06:15 and 12:15, I had to wake up early when I was 1st shift at lest I was liked here and none beated me up I loved high school wish I could go back
The way words are pronounced (each letter makes the same sound everytime) makes this impossible to happen
I don't remember hearing it for drinks, perhaps sometimes for paper tissues or plastic cups.
Also, politicians are corrupt, we can't change anything because of the parliamentarian type of government without a straight up massive riot
Because to us it means it's maybe time for him to leave even if we're on best terms, not stay in any kind of arrangement.
I heard that they're using the diamond money to invest in more long-term stuff like education, the financial sector etc.
I guess we have more fairies than monsters, I remember my grandma telling me that she saw fairies dancing in a circle on a meadow when she was young
I have pasta for that and no, yuck, wtf
I was shocked about it
Why the different colors
It sings of prosperity and a new identity and the word people i sonly mentioned twice iirc
One of the pigs saw the bucket and started chasing Jakub
My heart goes out to those brave people, who i admire greatly, in Serbia, Hong Kong, Lebanon and many many others and now Belarus and i cannot even imagine the hopelesness one must feel upon seeing everything going back to as it were before after so much effort and sacrifice was made
On the other hand, warm weather has never been a problem for me
New Terminal at Zagreb Airport Officially Opened
Understandable, but not very helpful in this kind of analyses.
Bist du retarded
It's not like Croatia wasn't your 'colony' for many centuries
Send help
RTL Group - Radio Television Luxembourg, one of the biggest TV groups in  Europe, having presence in many European countries
I was expecting the Hungarian one to be lower, speaking from experience with Hungarian tourists, I've not met a single one IRL that could understand and speak English or any other language, it often made dealing with Hungarian tourists problematic for all of us living and working in the tourist heavy zones such as the coast line and islands since almost no one knows Hungarian
But there's no "declaring" here.
Finland
Disobedience here means that a woman is tempted to build her life without God, that she does not want to have a "head" (Jesus Christ, the Church, a man/male) towards which she should be obedient.
Well congrats to Mostar and the Spanish then.
Also when I first came in an old woman took a dump in the trash like wth
Next week it's exploding up to 20°C.
I'm afraid Europe could see a new refugee wave soon, and this time with even more people, and less cooperation from Turkey and NA countries that were Europes buffer zone for decades without us really noticing it
Even far right aint what it used to be...
Water is bad, air is awful and it is in the poorest county
Ah communism, protect the rights of workers by chasing them with tanks
Hopefully none
Well that escalated quickly
Northern parts of Croatia use "kladivec" as a word for hammer
Is there a specific reason for wanting a longer flag
Its not free, we pay it through taxes
We call it šalabahter, sometimes shortened to šalić. Apparently the word comes from the German word Scharteke, and that word comes from the French word charte
Once what was actually happening became widespread knowledge, the Congo was confiscated from Leopold
And technically his car is my car if I want to use it, but I don't.
Italy’s Muslims Celebrate Christmas to Calm Integration Fears
where are you going, to arctic?
Hell even Serbian that has the read as you write rule and still honor people's wishes.
Either Chinese or Turkish, even Hungarian is more often
Lol, I don't know him, but I saw a parody song about him done by JOE called "Because I Got High" and I thought it was just a joke about his appearance and that it can't have been true
That ephemeral friendship between individuals is nothing against mobilizied collective enmity and hatred
Fuck that it’s expensive as shit in Canada
Regarding Serbia I don't understand the people that support certain politicians that were active during and after the war in the 90ies (primarily Slobodan Milosevic)
Since you have done some research and are from Ukraine can you tell me about Ukranian "ikavian"? How much people use it, is it standard in some areas
It's a beautiful country, a popular destination over here.
What the fuck are you talking about?
Why should the people of Republika Srpska be denied the right to freely express their will?
Cras hendrerit viverra egestas
That we had a pretty neat kingdom back in 10th century and didn't just appear as a nation out of the blue in 20th century
her last supper we brought her goat cheese and wine with water, she said Give me whole wine
Serbia probably
Hopefully none
Gee, I wonder, is a leaflet without much official marks or source real?
So Soviet states were actually Russian states ?
I am advocating agiasnt mass unregulated migration for which your current chancellor is heavily in favour of.
Do males commit suicide twice as much in Poland compared to Germany or are females just less suicidal?
out of everybody I interacted with there, this was the only time I was a little aggressive and it turned out to be someone from the same city as me
Is it possible to learn this power
Of course discrimination is bad, but it's hard to ignore the fact that most of them are extremely conservative and religious, plus their mentality, which is completely different from northern Croatia
Our swear words
I think by changing the course of that battle Croatian independence would be more likely to happen sooner
It is the smallest one and usually now spoken with only older people
At one time Serbia sent a song to the Eurovision which has a line "na ivici nerava", and I completely couldn't figure out what that meant until I went to google translate.
Huh
my bad
• brat - brother
I'm a sucker for medieval Italy
> Marriage is the partnership of which to raise a family is the goal
Slow news day, huh
- no, croatia
I always thought it sounds like a mix of old Latin (or, a bit slower Italian) and extra consonants...
Isn't that, like, in yugoslavia
If you like to watch history videos I would recommend [this video] on Balkan history from the fall of the Roman empire to the 11th century
Lol pretty cool
I found Krleža's Povratak Filipa Latinovicza (The return of Filip Latinovicz) harder to read than Dundo Maroje
I went to school, revolution, paris commune and shit, saw les misarables, several versions, read the book in fact
Germans are strange, hard to live amongst
Yes, the biggest one is in Rijeka.
You stop consuming and they will stop producing
Of course neither of those symbols are not offensive for someone not from these parts of Europe.
I want to thank Hungary for playing game of thrones with us in the middle ages, it wasn't always pretty, but of all the countries that claimed our territory, you at least had decent claim to it
In this case they we're used to counter guerilla warfare but the conditions in the camp we're pretty bad so lots of people died of diseases
I never said people are born with this knowledge but almost every human on earth knows this
As if we also need to be different colours on top of that to justify separate ethnicities.
Then again we also have Casu Marzu situation in Italy, if you don't know what it is, google it, but basically it's Italian cheese that is outlawed since EU regulations deem it to be unsafe, and that is part of their food culture and was prepared like that for centuries
Pakistan does not even have ICBM's.
is that like smaller Russia
Dayton accords are not working as they are now
The UK is ranked one of the worst European countries for maternity leave
Huh, I've never thought about how you guys say it
And more importantly, where can I get it?
Agree
It's the biggest killer and  an enemy of all balkanites that have ever lived
Humans can eradicate diseases
When it comes to Croatia I think the biggest well known game within the older generations is Serious Sam and our most prominent "modern"/mobile game is Doodle Jump
Apple pie scent with warmth of cooked wine
At least your country is relevant now, part of eu (third largest eu economy or whatever), part of g10...
No need to apologize and thank you for the feedback and clarification
Everyone expected elections after the [fall of government] but the senior party found enough support among 'independent' MP's, minority MP's and few smaller parties to continue governing alone after winning a vote of confidence in parliament by a one-vote margin
Vienna for Advent/Chrismas market
It is fascinating that you still think UK will be able to negotiate from the position of strength.
This Dude Accidentally Convinced the Internet That Finland Doesn't Exist
Which is a city on the Adriatic coast near Split
Regarding italy, i grew up in Pula, the biggest city on the istrian peninsula which is right next to italy
Can you give me a comparison maybe
Karlovac is close to both borders which is unsafe but our whole position is unsafe
I mean, we could always reunite and make the Austria-Hungary great again ...
Basically cheaper Italy with islands.
>Mobile pay for car parking
Same like it's not Croatians but Croats.
Recently watched it again, there's quite a few of those now
You are acting like this was planned as a economic programm for Germany.
[Do we count as non-barbarian,] Italy?
He was from somewhere in Dalmatia (which was bigger than modern region of the same name), probably of Illyrian background, although heavily romanized since Romans conquered that area couple of centuries before.
In slovenian they do not have this problem as they use only "č" and Serbs have clear distinction in the pronounciation between those two, so they make less mistakes
Dacia makes cheap cars for the masses, so that's a positive view
It's just wrong to do that
Um, shouldn't the women be in full burka's if they are within the caliphate?
Croats were oppressed by Hungary even before, so it was nothing new.
Sweden and every eastern blocc country
It is
eh i only know the first part of the serbian anthem thats it
don't do war kids
What do you think is most likely to happen?
This isn't a funny pronunciation but is a quite amusing aspect of the language:
EDIT: more info, if anyone is interested -
I excepted for Montenegro the fact that they were in war with Japan for about 100 years but this is also very interesting
I think people using national unifications of Italy and Germany and Francization of minority languages in France as examples of how regional identities would disappear are totally missing the point
If you work for the government, on any level, your salary info is publicly available if you know where to look
There is a Stalinist party
" Yeah maybe invading half the planet while portraying yourself as the valiant bastion of freedom does that to you
I laughed about your "who cares about the chinese comment" because it is true.
You can't just turn it around !
Call their bluff
The other one would consist of Netto and Penny and then you have Edeka, Rewe, Hit, Kaufland, V-Markt and Real with best offer
Because that ever happened ever?
Everyone expected elections after the [fall of government] but the senior party found enough support among 'independent' MP's, minority MP's and few smaller parties to continue governing alone after winning a vote of confidence in parliament by a one-vote margin
Anywhere in EU or the US for that matter, eventhough every single assault they commit can be classified as one.
Iceland: r o c k
XD It's often used as an insult too, when you want to point out that someone is a hick from a rural area, you'd say he came from some Vukojebina
Because you voted for the ones who lost or because you didn't vote
Cool
Private radio stations broadcast more foreign music (English music but you can hear sometimes Italian and Spanish music too) and less Croatian music.
The Vatican Museum was the worst tho - oh you want to see a painting or a sculpture
Not every job would cease to exist, but predatory industries would probably take a big hit
How about changing it to "Genghis Khan conqueror of China"... sound more fancy to me
There are plenty of people who dont mind loud talking
Don't worry about that, I plan to go eat some China you can have India for all I care.
At least, that's what we learned in school..
It was some Scottish party
We stoped Climate Change
“Ni ga” translates to “He isn’t here (or there)”
May we kill
Likely not farming, but some buildings that used to be inside it were definitely for storing food.
Yesterday, a platoon of the Ukranian Army attacked an agricultural tractor without provocation."
I found that out too, especially when you hear words like tega/toga, and gremo/idemo
Basically new Yugoslavia including Hungary and excluding North Macedonia
similar in croatian
And this is not Croatian, but listen to this album:
Probably not but we have mountains which are really sparsely populated and I think you can easily get lost there but to live like in total isolation I think not because it is too small
Osijek: Second largest continental city, after Zagreb
It's just that the lack of sunshine makes the sea less appealing.
Denmark is like one of most anti-immigrant countries in entire Europe dumbass
Weak leaders and weak policies that won't deter smugglers and migrants atlest not until they know there is an European navy waiting to save them and transport them to Europe and most important of all money to made.
But not only China, various Asian countries are rising and it is inevitable that some of them will challenge what was up to now a Western hegemony across the globe.
Ugodnu vecer ti zelim
Those people aren't participating in the Croatian economy, aren't staffing its public institutions or trying to improve their country for the better through political action
Also I can understand almost half of eastern slavic languages (russian, ukrainian) while west slavic less
The coat of arms on our parliment building has first white field
Kosovo albanians
Kajkavian is completely different in almost everything with standard Croatian, to put it simply.
No, they were Mygarian hordes before that!
*Yes, that rock is considered a beach here, get over it.*
The entire history after the hungarians
We have examples from all tgree main dialects in our literature and literary history, we learn specificities
We have that in Serbo-Croatian, it's spelled Svetozar, mostly used by Serbs
I think Czech as well
>Salzburg: music probably (maybe some art and historians too
Living in Zagreb, our city is situated on the plain that slopes down from the Medvednica mountains
The other points stand - the loss of the nobility was a severe blow
It's not even about the money coming back directly
also while not outdated by sny means, you could say the base measurements in croatian are deciliters (dec) and dekagrams (deka) bc of how much more often they're used in spite of the base units
Are you wondering because those bloody priests are not giving you peace with their house blessings?
Moomin TV show aired here
Even altar is referred to as 'žrtvenik', the place where priest offers the sacrifice.
Same
Is Sienkiewicz any good
Edit: saw a comment below, it's eventually and eventualno
Hey, as someone who wants to study linguistics in France, what are the best universities for it ? Specifically, Computational linguistics
Places should only be named after dead people, not those still alive.
I guess he was afraid his hands are smaller than hers.
I don't like it here because of a mentality
While George is more often George though some used the name Đuro which sounds kinda funny
Ultimately, the big difference is that buybacks are just one more tool in the share price driven world to sacrifice long term stability for short term gains, where as divided stock is only worth a damn if it's consistent and anything that compromises long term viability is going to hurt the share price
In my town, fascist Italians lined up 20 kids against a wall and shot them, after the war the partisans destroyed 3 villages and in one they put the entire village in the church, closed it and burned them alive because they had family in the Ustasa and some of their family had fled.
Since we grow olives here the split is almost 50-50
Also, I'd be hard pressed to notice a difference between Russian and Belarussian
I dig it
>Football is comming home
I knew it, look at my comment down below where I mentioned canary islands
Ikea renames some of its products in America and Sweden after internet searches
In Croatia we were taught in primary school geography that Scandinavia, Finland and the Baltics were Northern Europe
And the commander told her: "Mando, dušo, **_zagrabi_** vode" (Manda, sweetheart, grab me some water)
This is not the moment, the topic nor the place for that
Well only Hungary has it's own decent Airforce with decent planes.
I think its same both ways
2:1 ratio, I feel almost bad for the Germans who were fighting 3:1 or even 4:1 most of the war
From 1 to 10, how right wing are they really?
How far the church has the reach in Croatia is fact that sex ed even euphemism as health education is still not subject in most of the schools
sat - clock, watch;
Japanese woman: "Aha, that's because you turn off the falls now".
I don't know how it works, but here too most cafes are full during working hours.
My parents grew up in Yugoslavia with the policy of state atheism, even though they still practiced Catholicism
That's our brat
The population now is around 4 million, more likely to be 3
Fucking ottomans
So no sodas, no greasy food, no salt, etc
looks like [Maksimir park during fog]
Nothing was forgiven
And this is not Croatian, but listen to this album:
A river derchi
Today we commemorate the victims of the siege, we do not discuss the politics behind it.
I live on the 16th floor
According to wikipedia, [it is much older]
Dude, you guys need to stop using that name for arguments and choose some other general, because out of all of the top brass, he is likely the most innocent of them all
Religion is not really a part of my life, but I do hope that we don't really die after death...
A lot of corrupt people (Politicians, sport officials, CEOs) from Croatia have dual citizenship with Bosnia and Herzegovina, most of them, and even when sentencing happens they are allowed to go to Bosnia and carry out their sentence there, but what actually happens is that their courts have to confirm that sentence, which they normally lower and in a lot of cases even overturn, because their country is even more corrupt, so they stay there, on a sort of vacation, and once thing goes old in legal terms, they come back and carry on doing business as usual
This isn't an outlet for propaganda.
U kino ili šta
They are dangerous animals and should be treated that way
Karlovac is close to both borders which is unsafe but our whole position is unsafe
Are you saying that ethnically homogeneous societies experience zero crime?
Honestly, I do not think leadership in Croatia sees Serbia as a threat.
*Correction*: Fountain pens with **solid ink**. Not **the** fountain pens
What is the definition of insanity?
an exaggeration at best, and Jelačić was just a reactionary monarchist who also helped crush the revolutionary movement in Vienna and install the neo-absolutist government later on
you can't even name cases like other nations standard (genitive, accusative, nominative, vocative, ect
But it can probably be made regularly, because croatia gets lots of snow and ice
That last stand is something that rivals Battle of Thermopylae
The party ain't gonna heal itself
**Zagreb** - Obviously it's by far the biggest city, mainly because half of Croatia moved here in the last century
You see Europe has got a nasty demographics issue, many people will retire and most of the European countries will suffer from lack of demand for local products, lack of taxable population and growth of people in need for pension, that will cause a HUGE rise in taxes and I'm sorry but I'm not planning on paying most of my income to the government
everyone
I dont know IPA so h is like regular h in english (hurry, hide) or ch in loch ness
Economics falls somewhere between sociology and astrology (horoscopes, not telescopes) in terms of being actual science.
There is no political movement (even though they are often called separatists jokingly) but if you asked an average Istrian he would probably tell you they want more authonomy
Like british and american english
First of all the mediterranean had the most developed societies in Europe till the late middle ages
Close to a green glass worm
You can give people flairs saying they're from anywhere.
Please, leave your nationalistic views aside
Central Europe is Austra-Hungary & Germany
Was it inspired by unofficial USMC snipers logo, I can't tell.
Turns out I was mistaken, my bad
pet - five;
shhhh before I seize your means of production
In the balkans it’s čorba
We aim for proportional representation in almost every country and the EU as a whole.
I am now entering my last year of primary school (8th grade) And I will make sure my back is therally broken from work
I was an enormous baby, my mom barely gave birth to me
If they don't, they are not highways really
And "famous" does not mean "original". So, omce again
I have never been in Serbia tbh.
I actually really like Vienna
I dont know what to tell you about spain, i've been there only once, maybe i'm wrong
I must be honest and say that I prefer the way it looks now as opposed to the completed design
What else could it be
In the balkans it’s čorba
Then again you have parts of middle Croatia that I would put in Balkan
Istria don't get any ideas
This is just one of dozens other stories like this, no wonder young people are fleeing the country
In this case, Kovač (Kovacs), meaning blacksmith
most of them on the list were during take off or approach while we were talking about collisions on cruising altitudes tho, that could be the reason as well
Yes, he was running a con and now that it's over he needs a new mark.
>I’m not so keen to alternatives
They cooperated out of necessity, not because of good relations.
We had 5 years of war, so we will be fine, but fuck my luck
i don't know man, drywall isn't that reliable as well
They like to call themselves "Serbs" (whatever that may be) for some reason unknown to the universe
15 minutes walk, 10 minutes tram ride
For an inclusive, humane, empathic society we are trying to build
Eggs, always
Serbs have Serbian teachers and vice versa.
I have read reports over the years at various American geopolitical think-tanks that Belarus has actually far more chance of joining the European Union than Ukraine.
I feel like they dance all the time and that they are always in a swimsuit.
I put Zagreb, Zagreb by Ivo Robić but that is pretty good too
I would be perfectly fine with that
" Yeah, this is bad haha
Even though we don't speak Slovenian, Macedonian, Bulgarian, Polish, Czech and other slavic languages, we can actually understand each other and hold basic conversation.
It is a post-communist country that was becoming independent in 1991-1992, so in this context ex-Yugoslavia, Moldova, Azerbaijan, Armenia, Georgia and maybe some others ( which all had wars ) are quite relevant.
Ugh tastes so bad
Yeah man I love them
The most used deck here is probably the German deck
[Parni Valjak - U prolazu]
Rather a buzzkill than a [reasonforakill.]
There's this movement called the "Pride" movement
I want to thank Austria for great architectural efforts during the monarchies
The same can be said for scandinavian countries, they also all understand each other
Since the salaries up there are HUGE, I guess the price wouldn't be low
>I think
Gotta admit, it kinda does
What, you work 16 hours every day?
They came closer over the years
I am in a dorm right next to the polish parliament, can hear the horns, drums and some guy yelling on the megaphone for the last 3 hours..
Especially when she starts yelling at me that I'm going to die if I don't eat lol
That fucker sided with Franks against Ljudevit, Duke of Pannonian Croatia, and I’m still salty about it
I don't know why we should care so much about it if even the people on the border don't give a fuck.
Sure, but then that's always been the case
Only rent and services are more expensive in Germany then in Croatia.
If I remember correctly, they rotate as well so they don't accidentally miss a spot.
During the Croatian Kingdom around the 1000's I guess
Well Mechanical engineering is a branch of science that deals in applying science to everyday life and needs
Technically he was a prince-consort ,but he was married to the last queen of Hawaii
Also you have an incredibly beautiful country
The video ends while they're still playing so I think the cameraman couldn't take it any more.
sorry scorpions :(
Czech: Eh, was drunk most of my 7 day stay there, but I really loved Škoda factory and museum, had a unique opportunity to actually translate for a whole tour from English to Croatian there
Most of them are descendants of the fascist Ustaše party, the Nazi puppet regime, who were chased out of Croatia in the late 1940s.
What is the Molotov–Ribbentrop Pact then?
for consumption for the rest of the year, and this is something that was once done in every household but now is more and more dead
Freedom of speech is a basic human right and it's protection should be of highest priority
Without roads we don't have large settlements and by large I mean, we don't have settlements beyond a village of a few hundred people.
The South of Europe was the center of trade, learning and commerce
Also, not continental Croatia, Northern Adriatic here
Istria would be my answer
Their stray animals are drunk mooses (mees
He's not, and we never claimed he's one.
Yeah seriously what's up with that
If he's alive somewhere, hopefully he dies the most painful way possible
And it is up to EU to  make an exception or not for Scotland
I mean i've been living in zagreb for 15 years now, i could drive few kilometres north and not understand a single word
I thought he was French
I never said germany should take all of them.
I would love it if Europeans made their own version, where privacy would actually mean something
This appears to be the first instance of the video:
Sretan dan kolača on Croatian
Ser-
We’re the worst
How on Earth do you form a government without a majority in the Bundestag when you need a majority vote?
" "Must suck to be from a third world country, you must be so poor here"
Oh, well
Not sure if it's a good idea to be honest.
Happy birthday Lithuania
A lot of Bosnians I know have someone in the Netherlands and Amsterdam is a very popular destination for a high school graduation trip.
Because their main ingredient is flour?
That's Germany more than the EU as a whole and they really cooled on that idea.
In the coast, italian is also prevalent, while in the inside german takes its place
Tbh as far as empires go, Austro-Hungarian one was *relatively* decent
Might be because of the low confidence in the police or because there is a minimum value of the bike (I don't know a lot about that, but I heard that police are not going to look into the case if the value of the stolen things is less than a few thousand kunas)
Praesent bibendum mollis neque, a venenatis orci
Croatia is politically insignificant for those countries mentioned above, since we don't have any diplomatic relation, economic import/export deal or business, history or any contact whatsoever with each other
And do something about it
But majority of people didn't care.
The media should should do the job of the Verfassungsschutz and or police?
I'm out of the loop lately
Isn't this traditional Polish dress?
The hole post is about Balkan countries messing with each other.
Not only was he not fired, the police officer was I think eventually promoted
Ahaaa, that's why there is talk of Trump meeting Putin there..
I guess I'm the only one here who doesnt have a problem with heat
I meant in 1991-1992 obviously.
in order to help outsiders without hope, outsiders that reached out to both our state and its people to secure any semblance of civil safety
I wouldn't wonder if someone on Canary islands also won't come out on 35 degrees temp
Majority of European countries use the bigger scale, including us
China has almost no power projection outside its region military wise, they neither have that much interest nor actual ability to fill those vacuums.
[And that tool on the left is tesla in Croatian.]
Varaždin was later completly rebuilt in the barouqe style, and it is now famous because of that
Rotterdam or Warsaw so it's pointless to talk about them.
In croatia its always 2
We have millions of tourists every year, so you only hear about the bad stuff
We have sayings 1, 4, 5, 6, 7 and 9 too, as far as I know.
But mostly people who fought in the war and had trauma and their kids have issues with going to Serbia and just the name Serbia
And if I understand correctly, they got nice amount of pocket money.
if its any consolation, hungarian is also very hard for us non-hungarians
Villages 20 minutes away from Dubrovnik have nicer beaches which are not as crowded as in Dubrovnik.
cArS bAd
Just look at the fucking prohibition and all the gangsters that rose to power because they could smuggle alcohol
For example, lots of nurses and medicinal doctors leave for Germany or UK because their starting salary there is way higher than here (even adjusted to standard of living) with better working conditions
Used to be a lot more significant in the past, but now is not doing so well, much like the rest of the region
The electoral collage decided the election.
Why did they keep the debate format then
Basically here in Poland a large part of our catholic church pretty much cut ties with the Pope and his message, cause it's not comfortable politically or ideologically.
Rijeka - Fiume
Eastern European countries are much much much older than the US
We'll be all eating that stuff from matrix that tastes like chicken
And Romania isn't a Slavic country
And Krajina was nothing
Anyways, in the link OP provided, you have extra links at the bottom for download.
But I gave it the benefit of the doubt since a lot of my friends actually like Split so I guess I either went to the wrong places or I was just too distracted from seeing the dump
Literary the same name, label, ingredients .
OK, I was intrigued enough to actually invest some time to this matter.
They made some choices leading to the death of many people on both sides including some horrific ordeals like the Srebrenica massacre
As with everything historic or even vaguely political, Croatia comes in with at least two opposing stances :D
Let me guess, when they finally sit down, they complain about how everything hurts and aches
They crossed the River Isen on Midsummer's Eve, disguised as riders in black.
The story (one of them, but the most popular) how my hometown, Zagreb, got it's name goes something like this
I'll go woth Albania
china put some war criminals to trial and then america made all that stop because they needed an ally in the pacific because the cold war started
Lol
What was the deal with the plane toys
My guess is we sometimes do very specific grammar errors when constructing sentences, which make sense if you translate them to one of the Slav languages but on English sound like incoherent mess
I'm sure someone will come up with a plausible story for this incident.
It's still in use today, especially if you're buying eggs.
"Dobar dan
Deutschland 83 but the Yugoslav secret service sends someone to spy on our political emigrés.
Morbi et sapien nec diam egestas dapibus
There's plenty of books on the topic of why the kid is "poor" as compared to those who's paternal situation is normal
Though they certainly share a lot I don't think it's out of place to call Byzantium a different country.
Well, the vast majority of Serbs did come to Croatia in the 15th century and later
Thus talking about something as European values is meaningless.
Nice brother :D
Are you purposefully being retarded?
Oh I see and from what you wrote my guess is that ikavian is like standard in Ukraine
And yes, infertile people aren't excluded, the basis is man-woman, the natural thing
We don't even know how both sides saw each other
They should be more worried about Greece
Brasov is a good central option don't you think
To be honest I would feel safer right now in some parts of the United states than I would in places in Europe considering the patterns of terrorism.
Careful, if you just keep re-electing you're gonna turn into a republican dictatorship
While Croatia had war
I mean, he didn't say anything wrong, it's Canada and the EU, since Canada is not an EU member state ^^^yet.
Same here
usually polite (i know people complain about them but tbh, i never had any problems with them) but sticking to themselves (as opposed to germans who want to hang out with anyone)
Rijeka: Carneval
People will say rakija, but imo the "most Croatian" liquor would be [Pelinkovac] It's known in other countries of the region as well, but it's nowhere near as popular
I know, slavic languages are generally like that ;)
Ok, now I've seen everything
Even our former leftist president stated that in case of RS causing trouble he would mobilize the army and invade the Brcko area to seal off and encircle western RS.
What "the border between Au-Ug"?
I wish the rest of Europe was as chill as Great Britain or Portugal
Mark's Church]
Well, why not just make a new sub, r/askworldwide and then implement the rules you'd want
I see nothing wrong
This is obviously different to settlement in America where individuals/families would move and then proceed to disperse around the country
honestly this whole thing looks like parents forcing their political views on their children
Geert does not seem that bad at all for a dude his age.
Streets steep and small, currently half of the city is digged up I don't know how they got for European capital of Culture
if you are slavic, people here are generally discriminatory towards you (russian being worst)
John Trump at MIT; good genes, very good genes, OK, very smart, the Wharton School of Finance, very good, very smart — you know, if you’re a conservative Republican, if I were a liberal, if, like, OK, if I ran as a liberal Democrat, they would say I’m one of the smartest people anywhere in the world — it’s true
Anticommunist revolutions might have sped things up a bit, but it would happen regardless of the events outside of the country.
I have idea, why doesn't Poland and Romania replace its government with European commission so that we see how far will that experiment go
People are extremely sensitive about that, especially the elderly in public transportation.
And for sure you can can provide at least one case when someone got life imprisonment and was free after 4 months?
A lot of European flags look better with emblems on them, including yours
I was only here cupple months seen it was not for me and I droped out
simply amazing
I can attest that huncut means the same in Croatian
You should know of Pecs definitely , I'm no Hungarian but on the border there in Croatia
I get "corrected" for the writing on serbian sites all the time in order for them to find out later that it was just Croatian all along and we have a bit of a different grammar
RemindMe
It appears that there is a protest even there;
No its not its opposite we love germans most of us
What exactly does it mean for for a mathematical equation (and at the end of the day, that's what an AI is) to be in pain?
Ex-Yu music is great
Hungarians were in Eastern Europe at the time.
>The EU only requested normalisation in relations which is a viable thing
i can't explain how, it's just you see that person or a group and it's like they don't belong there
10k upvotes for pathetic platitude statement that we make fun of if it's national and not supranational
He wanted to show dominance, but he only managed to show lack of culture.
Just had a big shipyard go under, which was the last of it's heavy industry
A present
It didn't last long though, but more on that in the next episode.
They can build a new church with that ugly post modernist look
Elaborate
It was artificial anyway
Something's different, there must be, maybe the mandibula...
It was fun
I swear we applied for EU membership before Slovenia got in
That is the fault of those getting triggered at merely mentioning the phrase.
Bosnia by far, you just can't compete with that
Also it is Croatian victory day today :D
i would really like to know the distinction between origin of the word snoyg and snig
The picture is showing Vrsaljko taking a rest on our flag with a serene smile after third extra time in three games
gastarbeiter literally means: gast (guest) + arbeiter (worker)
Oh, and I know the name of the Lithunian president - Dalia, and her surname is something like Gyrboursshdbfistub.
I am from Croatia and I got a lot of upset French tourists who would get really upset when they realised I couldn't speak French
Well there are still some people who consider themselves as Ustaše(Croatian nazis during ww2 who had a puppet state by the Germans) but generally yes people are called Ustaše as an insult for being too bossy sometimes and komunjara(Commie) is also used as an insult
Lucky Baltic
I can only think of Školjka or WC Školjka
There is The Fairy of Velebit, Fairy Kosjenka from Tales of Long Ago, the paintings of [Vlaho Bukovac] etc
we pop out like popcorn
It would go like: Pa-pir-Ška-re-Di-ja-mant
In Croatia it's difficult to point out single city
Have at least 600ml every day
I googled a bit and [found] [Åre] It's something, I guess
a=but(not exactly, but really close)
Trump ran a Republican, one of the two only mayor parties.
Hladno piće? Cold drink
Oh, i thought its one of the requests
Nice
Croatia : Picigin
But I don't get what's to hate about fish and chips haha
Croatian history and Serbian history from 1940-1995 are 2 differerent stories with no similarities
Except if you decide to live on one of hundreds uninhabited islands
One guy says Tesla's great-grandfather (LOL) might have been Croat, and 100 Serbs immediately get triggered.
But also, Independent state of Croatia
[Neno Belan / Đavoli - Stojin na kantunu]
I agree with the party places, don't see the appeal at all
Game is called Bela
We that's how it usually goes you don't accept someone in and then treat him bad, anyway atlest one European country has it interests at heart
But it is also a lot of fun since rearly anyone gets injured, students spray eachother with water guns and pistols (mostly pouring alcochol in it instead of water), throw flour and eggs at eachother, blow whistles REALLY LOUD, dance, sing and parade (occupy) the entire cities and towns (traffic usually collapses during that time of the day)
You cant put England, France, the US or even the USSR on the same level as Nazi-Germany in terms of the crimes they committed.
NullPointerException
How do you come to that conclusion ?
A Croatian that doesn't complain
Tbh peanutbutter and jelly is a fucking amazing combo
Then all the way
You have stats for Croats, I'm ok with that.
But I don't really see how anything in EU can be political without impacting economy, laws, everything else.
The Willamette valley is really nice, as is the Pacific Northwest in general.
I wouldn’t say 100% ‘cause of ije/je and č/ć. So 98% :D
Fast food has been in Europe for awhile
and here i set up this whole scheme to sell hand drawn pepes
I love how Trump is making me love my Europeans even more
And besides, Slovenia and Croatia were never really at odds.
It's just different culture
So yes Russia is definitely a huge part of the problem.
This will all be fixed very soon.
Most high schools also have second foreign language as a subject, depending on part of country it's mostly German or Italian, but can be French as well
However, it doesn't take many cases for the disease to spread rapidly if left unchecked
Russia is not really seen as a threat here like it is in former Soviet countries, but some Croats do have anti-Russian sentiment in compassion with Ukraine and Poland.
Why would you donate sperm in first place?
I'm a snake person
Technically, the Croats did invite them to stay so...
Sretan Dan nezavisnosti, Litva
Hahaha what a coincidence didn't know Russians and Ukranians have a similar thing
and the answer was Garmisch
so did they just mortar the missing elements on the facade
Finally, I want to thank Montenegro for having the least trouble with us
I have no idea, I can't cook :D
fuck
Starting today every school is on strike and canceled untill the goverment raises the teachers' salaries
Cila slavonija
Yes, but look at the explanations to the right, they include the ages and covered population, so of all those numbers you can pick the one that is best representative or the middle number, hence mine was 178 for Germany.
will continue with my conquest tonight tho so hopefully the rest of her empire will fall as well to my immortal army
weird
Petersburg
Croatian has many similiar to Polish
It's really funny that most likely Croatia gave more to Serbia then China
'Russia plotted to overthrow Montenegro's government by assassinating prime minister'
You’re fucking soured, kiddo.
Most of Anatolia, Armenia, southern Levant and north west Africa as well.
We were taught both
Isnt that an anthems job
Funny thing is that both my sis and I have a 3 letters name so we don’t actually need no nicknames
Yugoslavia had a large and developed production out of the classical socialism heavy industry
Praesent bibendum mollis neque, a venenatis orci
And whether partizans were good like they are represented or better yet is killing people a crime even if it's for a good cause and other stuff like that, no one is actually defending the nazis, no one sane at least, the debate is around partizan's and was their cause just based on what it brought to Croatia as a consequence along with their treatment of war prisoners
So many young ambitious people, people who wanted to change the world to a better place are not with us because of someone's madness
Companies must have legal softvere, while private use the only legal softvere people have is the one that was gifted to them.
Živi Zid - populists, anti-vax, anti-immigrant, anti-EU, very famous in one period but not in the parliament anymore
Not *impossible*, but very unlikely, regardless of everyone else cooperating (something something, build a wall).
WTF, *another* one just hit
• list - leaf
Montenegro is using Euro and on joining EU
Remember that without Romanian oil, Germany could've lost the war.
I mean not literally in the backyard, but there are constant diggings around our coast and islands, finding some Roman or Byzantine artifacts
Agree
Mostly Serbia though
In 10 years oil will be nothing
F for that one
They kinda attacked the country and since Serbia was not that powerful it was easy to kill off so many people.
>Is this normal
It is just a matter of definition.
But, the *full* name for it officially is: **Sveto rimsko carstvo njemačke narodnosti** - THE HOLY ROMAN EMPIRE OF THE GERMAN NATION
Dalmatia, for the most part, was never part of the Ottoman Bosnian Eyelet and switches rulers more than any region in that part of Europe
Then it went through the whole gay rights movement and process which lasted entire generation.
star - old;
Fucking assholes
Yes there's someone butthurt, it's you.
i was in a similar situation few weeks back when i needed to transport two 2
Yugoslavia had a large and developed production out of the classical socialism heavy industry
he didn't say unification with whom
Vienna is Beč in Croatian
I find it funny how we accuse Americans of this, but you correctly said the anglosphere
Correct, "European values" are a myth, nothing more.
Well, that sounds about right
All this map tells me is that no person in Europe who works for a salary will ever be anything close to rich
this mentality, stupid management, bad system and toxic colleagues have been present in my workplace here in Germany as well
But i was history nerd especially ww2
I love the name Jezebel, but, ya know,
We have similar for a face but without a wind
Sample: [
I don't use the "freeze peach" joke, but I've always seen it as mocking people who complain about not being allowed to use hate speech.
We're actually influenced by all 3 South, Southeast and Central Europe depending on part of country
Here we tend to fix things when they stop working so rebuilding that one will take some years since its still functional
Yeah, probably since i cant find it anymore
Ne, nego mislim na gusti ili rijetki Čokolino
* WW2 occupation
Feeling that we're both Europeans?
I'm a citizen of my country, of EU, of Europe, of my region, of my city, and even the city district I grew up in left some part in my overall identity
We basically learn how to draw blueprints, how to work with breadboards etc
As if it's suppose to surprise anyone big countries abuse all the time
For example, while I know several Tomislav under 30, most Miroslavs are 50+ men
Are the most defensive people
Which one
No, Germany doesnt deport, you've had hundereds of thousands of people designated for deportation since 2015 and yet next to nobody on that list was deported.
Hungarians, you let me down on this one
I must admit I missed it a lot and I'm happy to be back, however I don't think I could ever work here
Patient zero would bite someone end up dying from alcohol poisoning.
There are some similarities between the far right in Europe and the US but there are many more differences.
The Naples King also had a stroke!?
Any recommendations
︎trilijarda (10^21 ) = Sextillion
I heard Syria is warm this time of year.
That has absolutely nothing to do with it, you don't sing kumbaya with people of your own nationality?
To quote General Courtney Hicks Hodges prior to the Battle of the Bulge "No one would be stupid enough to attack through the Ardens for a third time"
Not for Croatia and Slovenia
I see a lot of Apple and Samsung devices so I guess that people buy them the most.
Meanwhile, anything below V6 is not considered a car in the US.
Before Field = Prijepolje
He is from bosnia and herzegovina, he moved to zagreb in his early 20s.
Calefornia is more european than some european countries you guys are in.
Other than that
We do
I don't know what is the stereotype about Croatia in the world, but in the ex-Yu countries they think we are cold and snobby with a bad sense of humor.
940430
fuck
Ease of doing business in 2017, country global ranking (source in comments)
Africa, on the other hand
super pretty
They did very well recently but they are still not comparable with the rest at this moment.
Lol exactly
so did they just mortar the missing elements on the facade
He made some terrible decision, especially by the end of the war, which led to a lot of deaths
The main thing that changed for us is...
But Cedevita is a thing and Pipi is back at it
I don't follow them that closely but I know for example which parties hold the governments (maybe not every by name but by which EU parliament group they belong to and that gets me close enough to what kind of politics they stand for)
It really isn't. It's reported income, publically reported in fact
Honestly I to say I was impressed by it would be an understatement
I used to hate our music and especially dalmatian klapa, but now it reminds me so much of summer and being home
As already said, climate change denial isn't such a big thing over here.
Smiles and "have a nice day" are capitalist propaganda.
* You don't know who is drinking and who is paying for it*. By the 1943
Ok, sure, why
because everyones happy in the sea
In croatian that sound is usually represented by "krc" but i guess this works too
But did you drop your tendies
Croatia is with you ️
I do, however, plan on comming back to Germany in few years again
Just boring
Fellow Europeans, I want to thank you all for your contributions to each other (and us)
well Turkey is in minor Asia except for that small part, Russia although huge and England are european as they are a part of the continent and historically have many ties to other european countries, Im excluding Turkey although they had their influence in the balkans they were always seen as foreign.
The only actually big city in the country (sitting at around 750k population, with a metropolitan area reaching over 1,1 million), and generally the only place worth living in for the majority of professionals in any field
Cringe title
Looking at you Slavonski brod, Sisak
Depends on who
8 primary (mandatory) + 4 or 3 years of highschool
She promises nothing and will keep her promise.
Carthage is in Tunisia, not Algeria
Not everyone is a good person like i am
In 2013
So it's illegal to impersonate Hitler ?
Putin is thought to be of finno-ugric (specifically Finnic) ancestry
Hmm
Also the random "e"s in front of words starting with "s" (eStone).
No, it shouldn't you mfing warmonger
They are both correct in historical matter
But its almost never used so
That being said I still prefer to have company while eating out, but that’s personal preference
Unfortunately, a lot of these are sometimes based around one or few villages, and are dying out
Indeed, though I’m always really cautious with any such comparisons
anyone can [quote]( wikipedia.
Meanwhile, India's population increased by a 100 million in 6 years.
Sveto Rimsko Carstvo - literally just Holy Roman Empire
Yes
I've never even heard of any of those before lol, only *Stojadin* and I've heard *Folcika* in a Bosnian TV show(Izet Fazlinović)
It was a joke, I'm sorry that I offended people on here.
Fuck me if I understood anything.
I mean that's true but there were 5 of us in a team and three of us were Croatian and it was quicker to talk to each other like that
Well yeah but there you must tip
Zagorje: alcoholics
I first encountered Prussia in an Extra History series
Tito, half Croatian, half Slovenian, born and raised in Croatia, never documented as being able to speak Slovenian counts as Slovenian.
"Looking (at something) like a lamb (looks) at a colorfoul door", means staring,looking surprised/dumb
Toyko, Nagasaki, Fukushima, Hiroshima, Kyoto, Sapporo, Niigata, Fukuoka, Saga, Mutsu, Sendai, Kobe, Kure, Yokosuka, Kochi, Yura, Kaga, Katori, Kashima, Ise, Kirishima, Sasebo (Happy 130 years
Isn't that like, breaking the law or something
Nope, everyone who has signed the UN refugee declaration also has an obligation to accept refugees.
One Croatian PM was born in a Nazi concentration camp
The Zagreb area has been continuously settled since the 1st century CE.
All ex-communist countries have that same problem, I am not even sure it can ever be solved
Nothing in history was inevitable
Well, Italy (though we do share a maritime border) and Austria
Serbia and Croatia alwqys had disputes about Bosnia a stuff
The numbers are per capita, not in total.
Not even expensive parking lots and apartments can stop people from coming
Macedonian is like 90% intelligible for me
Montenegro: Thank you for creating Euro Neuro and Balkan Boj
Kind of reminds me of how genghis Khan destroyed a city when his son died.
Oh, I wasn’t really aware of that
No thanks
Even the Pope knows better
The minimum wage in the UK is higher than 3000€ a month?
Here it's the ''Croatian Embassy in London'' which says that your friend is stuck at the airport and that a certain amount of money has to be sent.
It's too boring
I go for a walk and realize that the most of the people at the central square are older people
It's just not gonna end well, Russia's influence there is too high and the country it self has next to no allies, it's pretty much free real a state for Putin to use any excuse, even the weakest to take the country when Lukashenko completely fails to hold onto his power
My favourite dessert for sure
As an exclamation point how shit have we become that you're passing us on some EU statistics (especially GDP per capita)
There is a reason we dont pay for the water in Ireland, **i dont drink it** ,only if i run out of bottled one
Well they proved to be closer to reality than the media, cant blame me for not trusting consistantly incorrect information that various media sources put out.
Ideally, it should be a giant drone battle over a sea or an ocean.
Cenitrist Poland grilling
It's on N1 every sunday at 20h and on YouTube at 20:30h.
War have been fought over it, families torn apart and nations crippled
It's not 19th century anymore and, if anything, i'm really grateful for kebabs
I know, I live in the UK
I would normally say it's failure of the British public school system except that that term, the Balkans, is a so very nebulous term that has less to do with geography, and more to do with politics
Federalization is the only way forward after this.
I automatically avoid the croatian wikipedia or "wikipedija"
The population now is around 4 million, more likely to be 3
Probably a boat elevator
Not really prevalent
Hold my beer
A lot of homeless/poor people make a living out of collection bottles on the street
I dont know IPA so h is like regular h in english (hurry, hide) or ch in loch ness
From 12 candidates he was 5th
Perhaps political unrest happens in Russia soon and slaps Putin out of order.
Still a great place to visit tho
You can't integrate someone who doesn't want to integrate.
But some remains can be found in almost every coastal city
I wear them sometimes like when i go for a walk with my dog or around the house but the cotton ones, i don't like this polyester material or whatever that is.
Nah, fascists were a minority on his death list, he mostly hunted dissidents and politicial opposition but if you had a Ustasa in your family, you were as good as dead.
If someone today feels uneasy because of terrorism you can be sure he doesn't picture mildly suspicious looking septuagenarian veteran of IRA or RAF as a source of threat.
A lot of our swears have "fucking" included, so if you say "Jebem te u bulju" you'll say "I'm fucking you in your head" in Croatian, but "I'm fuckin' you in the ass" in Serbian
When I was a teen I couldn't stand most of my country's more folky music scene
This is just a small viking boat, not a longship.
Its the same here
I just don't prounce around in Gucci so they think I must be poor (even though none of them do that
Just to name few:
So basically another "Drumpf hurr durr" story that brings up nothing new to the table but half truths and exaggerations.
Is that correct
The loosing side is just salty.
We have the exact same 7 cases, kind of surprised it's the same in Latvian
Just had a big shipyard go under, which was the last of it's heavy industry
Russia Accuses West of Backing 'Greater Albania' :: Balkan Insight
He objectively only won because of the electoral collage.
Also our cuisine is special as in all of Balkans but I think sarma and peka style cooking will always stay
Did you notice they did not even cover the genes related to skin and hair colour?
I also suspect it will be downvoted by plenty of Serbs, but what can you do.
i cant believe but i agree with you :) EU would have to put a lot of money in some agency to extremely promote culture on local level or else, eventually language and culture will be lost
Looks familiar
We have almost no historical connections to that country nor a valid enough reason to be learning French en masse
Nope
For fresh milk it is sold in fridges and kept in it
and HOS doesnt shy away from that.
It could be an eyegarsm
Never heard anyone mixing that though, I just hear people throwing in the word in English into a Croatian sentence, like "frajer je to actually napravio" (which still technically doesn't 100% fit, they basically replace zapravo with stvarno)
He was staunchly opposed to any sort of foreign military intervention, as he was focused on plans to build up strength at home
There are several Chinese goods shops in the center of my town, owners are all Chinese and are living here with their families.
Do you guys have shark fights
Probably the battle of Pakozd during 1848 in Hungary when the Croats went to Budapest(was Pest an Buda at the time) to stop the Hungarian revolution and save Austria from falling
Like, "go back to your country" nonsense or
The first paragraph gives me great enjoyment
That tells me their politics are a joke, just like in croatia which, again, i wanna escape from
Don't stop there - anything less than 50% tax on anybody richer is outright theft from the proletariat
Sveto Rimsko Carstvo - literally just Holy Roman Empire
Hello my Slavic brother, as far as South Slavic nations go we don't have many creatures tied to water, we mostly have creatures tied to forest like Vile(benign fairies), the undead creatures such as vampires, young children spirits that died and cursed beings such as Vukodlak basically a werewolf but one created from curse that stems from killing a wolf (greatest sin in Slavic mythology)
Greeks dream of having more territories they had hundreds or thousands of years ago
I love visiting Serbia and I really like the people there, however, some straight up deny things that happened in the war even though there are tons of evidence
I think it's connected with the sea having such a huge importance and impact on our lives
Too many townships, too many useless workplaces in statehood jobs etc
I remember it like it was yesterday
*cries in Croatian*
Jesus, the paperwork looks like you are ordering uranium, not pet food
Rare, but it exists
Because we had slavery in the past.
Lots of bloodshed
They were Anatolian empire
Those things basically promote drug abuse
They have money, which is not very common in southern Italy though.
[Best I could find]
>The battle exhausted the JNA and proved a turning point in the Croatian war
It is as it should be
>We all really like that 'badass' culture, guns, weapons, etc
The whole Florence is surreal
We have the regular scouts (Izviđači), which I'm not really familiar with, and they seem like a much smaller organisation, and we have Catholic Scouts (Katolički Skauti)
I'm glad your daughter is alright
But it can probably be made regularly, because croatia gets lots of snow and ice
My lunch break was theirs as well, and when my working hours ended so did theirs
yeah
Maybe i'm mistaken but i feel like older people are mostly against the EU since they still look at russia as their savior and saint while younger people prefer the EU so they can gtfo from there as soon as possible
Meanwhile structural problems you described will mutate to a degree, it will even seem things are getting better, especially if EU manages to survive and forces some reforms.
Back from the 30-year long protestant war in Germany
Well, I thought I'd be a part of Slovene cuisine too.
And I was like ''whatchu talkin' about
Yea could of photoshoped another moon to be like eyeballs
But yeah, this sucks
> The heads of state and government do not recognise the result of the presidential election
Very pretty but I’d imagine it’d get boring quite fast
Rest of Europe
His father was a german from Russia, his mother Russian, so he was baptized in his infancy in the Orthodox church.
We call them "marelice", probably from Austrian term "marille"
You pronounce it bɔːrˈdoʊ so we's just spell it Bordo, no complications, no extra letters, nothing
It survived eight centuries only for our generation to see it burn
Once in a hundred years young men have a chance to look for it and if they find it, they must kiss the snake and she will turn into a beautiful bride.
You made a comment that is made literally every time one of these languages is mentioned on /r/europe.
Lol, psyche, we slaughtered each other recently
Yeah i realised that when I typed it but I posted anyways because in english people can only say it that way (or it's the most common way)
You are obsessed with the US
Legend
I think we use "rotten sour cherry color".
Cheap and stuck up
Excellent choice
-Josip Jelacic,leader of the movement against Hungarians
mjesec (moon and month) is male, though
But that is an another story
It takes a lot of energy to overcome air resistance at those speeds
We lose countless lives for no good reason.
In Dalmatia we do have the term "vlaj" (comes from the Vlach peoples/historical term AFAIK) that refers to people not from the coast/cites, usually from Dalmatian Hinterland
It doesn't seem that way because we get to freely look in, but we forget that they can't as easely look out.
See Gulf War where the Iraqi old tanks were shot up like cans.
boli me kurac = my dick hurts
Just yesterday we had a debate on our sub about it
It's not like you mentioned anything relevant to understanding of the development of any historical events
Croatian tradition says that Santa lives in a state or city treasury
Actually I managed to find one:
So they buy used BMW and bring it home to show off.
its a rivalry triangle
Turns out the receptionist is a Croat
Well, Germany and Italy did not exist as independent and separate countries, they were titles within the HRE.
How are we supposed to handle this *identity crisis*?
It looked like [this] you could choose the facial expression as you type
well...commies in Yugoslavia != commies in Eastern block....
We aren't willing to sell the Gripen to them though
Low income = low food quality....
NATO vs anyone else, but if Turkey and Greece go to war and Turkey can fabricate a credible claim that says Greece started it, now you have a problem.
Doesn't have to mean anything, I think.
Also I feel companies would (justifiably
Except when it comes to place and people names
So, I would like to ask: If you were alive when your country switched from the local currency to the Euro, how did you accept the change
Swedes are often very against cannabis, where irl cannabis has much milder side-effects than any of the harder drugs mentioned such as cocaine and methamphetamines.
Any combination of English words that sort of make sense are printed on those shirts
Handguns are part of standard uniform
I recognize many words that are used in Croatian:
In Croatia, people still live in Emperor Diocletian’s Palace
Btw, I always wondered do you guys in Montenegro have similar issue with "š" and "ś" like "č" and "ć?
I'm glad your daughter is alright
But that's awesome
You don't pay *into* the NATO, it's not a piggy bank.
Lol Italy and Croatia, what are those two anyways
I always thought that people that don't like coffee because it's bitter just haven't gotten used to it - it was an acquired taste for most of the people I know.
Lol
I made a quick average male height map of Europe using data from Wikipedia
000
Note that these are not the most popular baby names:
So you like oversleeping more of the daylight so you can have night come sooner
People must trust us is invincible
I used to belive the entirety of Yugoslavia was only in Croatia's modern borders
Dino Dvornik-Afrika
it's not Tunisian burden to wear.
sljedeće na listi je mod celog sveta
I would take from wiena metro system, keeping their city center buildings in a good shape
For me personally I don't care, papir, kamen, skare is shorter but kamen is too long for the shooting and papir, skare, dijamant is maybe too long
Unless it is a special occasion, like eating at a real restaurant for some reason, weddings, birthdays, Christmas eve etc
What is this Hitler 101
Slovaks and Czechs understand eachother as well
U Republici Hrvatskoj vlast proizlazi iz naroda i pripada narodu kak zajednici slobodnih i ravnopravnih državljana
Places with less than 100 thousand people are pretty safe, but i’m not sure what it’s like for large cities like Zagreb (800k people) or Rijeka (130k people)
I dont know if i'd be able to eat all that stuff for lunch, let alone breakfast
So you're saying that it's so deeply ingrained with people that our identity is to be the synonym for everything bad and repulsive that there's not even a point in trying to change that
Thompson sports ustashi memorabilia?
Switzerland, definitely
I think some member states are missing
It would be interesting to see whether how many people in Texas or California feel the same way
The Anglosphere is a world apart from the rest of us.
Unless they worked on it for years I wouldn't expect much from the protection not against players like USA,China and Russia who have big head start.
The Illyrian provinces would be right across the river (since I live in Zagreb)
That too lol
From my experiences very few younger people eat bread in zagreb as well, its just not good for you
The EU is a shitty union, i wouldnt mind seeing it get disbanded, especially since in my country it was supposed to be a trade union, but the bureaucrats in Bruxelles keep pushing for more, up to the point where now they are demanding controll over individual country's immigration policies and threatening with fines and sanctions if countries refuse to comply.
I tried it on Duolingo and almost choked.
Doesn't that country have a lot more other things to deal with than if the president is a female or a man
No coastline for others on Mare Nostrum
French is a dead language, after all
Could you give me a source of that map, or an information about it?
We don't even need clerical fascists, we have social democrats for that purpose
It took almost a decade for them to get to a FTA.
The addittion of the roof structure has most certainly been the crowning achievement of this renovation and has added a whole new dimension to the building
a really nationalist and crazy Russian girl
I wouldn't mind another Austria-Hungary if it was called Austria-Hungary-Croatia
Guys, inform yourself on the situation before you start blaming Ukraine.
My closest grocery store is more incredible than this.
Together, they hold 2/3 of our parliament
Slovenia: you were really successful in the last 25 years and we should look up to you
My grandma used to tell stories, how older women used poppy to calm their children
u/hopopo sipu mi racku
You just lose any and all sense of perspective of what it means to be rich
What's next, frogs
that's right
unlike Khan and his sons
[They're a crazy people]#v=onepage&q=they're%20crazy%20people&f=false).
>“Look, having nuclear — my uncle was a great professor and scientist and engineer, Dr
Where were you in '91 ?
[Relevant]
Maybe he should switch to Buldožer immediately
it's like that everywhere
“Ni ga
In my area we often say it (Primorsko goranska)
Fusce rhoncus massa ut odio pretium, quis semper erat fringilla
It's an old sport that was brought to us by people rich enough to travel around.
The current UFC heavyweight champion of the World is a Croat and you put Cro Cop as the kick off argument?
Ivan je došao do kavane kroz mračnu šumu, tek tada je shvatio da je zaboravio novac
Not really, over 3/4th of Croatia's territory was lost.
And yeah, generally all tourist traps suck unless you're particularly interested in a specific location that happens to get tons of tourists
It's like a starter kit of clothes, sheets and toys that can even be used as a bed.
I'm more scared of ice-cold water, to be honest
Prove I chose the numbers in a biased manner.
And we get an even more serious brain drain, which is good in that we have fewer unemployed young people...
Then I got to patriotic part
The first one is basic "asshole" and it should be "berzeuk".
My first modem was 33
The word "boja" comes from Turkey
The picture is showing Vrsaljko taking a rest on our flag with a serene smile after third extra time in three games
Can't find anything on a quick search, aside from half of athletes having lowered performance, and [this study on medical students.] But when you look at that list of symptoms and their frequency in the population, yea I'd say that you have a good point - if the woman in question (it varies from woman to woman) is basically physically sick, it's highly unlikely her work performance will be as good as it should be.
ISIS and the rebels are to a large extent the Syrian people.
Not that they costed a nice chunk of our public debt, but still.
I wouldn't say it is popular, but it isn't unusual to see beards either
Barbara of Celje is a direct ancestor of modern European royal families.
I just now saw the videos and reports and it looks kinda bad
They had some 380k casualties to finlands 70k
Ljudi pazite se
For Croatia it would be the easternmost region, Slavonia
Or maybe there's confusion in regards to ethnicity vs citizenship?
Us western Muslims look for an united Islamic front, your holy places of the Prophet are sacred to us all, any military conflict there is a terrible sin against the Allah, so I'm sure most can be persuaded towards a peaceful agreement or even full cooperation :)
Do they build better cars
It happened in Osijek, not in Vukovar
I would be pissed beyond measure if I were in your shoes and some other country enters the EU e.g. Montenegro and gets the green light to enter the Schengen
It was unbelievable
Bonus: bikes also get stolen a lot (source: friends whose bikes got stolen)
1416 - Republic of Ragusa (Dubrovnik) bans slave trade
I guess you're right, I apologise.
What exactly was a bigoted lie there
u/hopopo sipu mi racku
All federal rep had a long history and were independent in some point in history
Gasterbajteri, gotta love their mindset
The German secret service has them under constant surveillance.
I'll admit it's a bit rare and formal in central croatia, but go towards the coast and it's used daily.
(People were not able to earn enough to feed a huge family this way)
Ah Istra, najkulturnija Hrvatska regija
descending - doesn't have a literal translation in its own but we basically took niz "down" and hodljiv "the one who is able to walk" and combined it to mean descending
Anger as Walkers increases price of crisps by 10% following post-Brexit slump in the pound
It was so weird that when last year it was sunny and crazy hot, now it’s raining and cold
Just google Bad Blue Boys- Torcida rivarly but it's mostly capital city vs second biggest city in a country
Similar was said for homosexuality, for decades at least
Croatian is not Serbian in Latin script, fyi :)
Like for example what Estonia/Denmark (IIRC) are building.
This is a misleading title - people from **13** countries were asked
Yeah probably but sending it through the post in such quantities that it becomes a problem without raising suspicion is a real achievement
Only fox I know something about is firefox, but this one just seems old.
Yeah, we also say either “monkey” or “at” in Croatia
Their dual screen phone, [Surface Duo] will come with Android too
M friends also played it with their hosts, literally every single person has it in their home
Europe has a long history of ice skating.
its not formal name but is name that catholic church recognize you by and keep in  their books
I can't say I've seen many documentaries \*presented\* here, they are mostly \*narrated\*. The most well-known documentary narrators here are Drago Celizić and Miljenko Kokot
3 minuses and you get an F (1 in croatian, cause grading system is 1-5)
If we say that we remove "fucking Kebap pig scum shit dirt" from our territory...
The cool thing about that is, Medvednica is in the north, so you always know where north is, and therefore, the rest of the sides of the world
Pretty crazy to think about
Real unemployment would be more than 20%.
don't cut yourself on that edge son
No, I was talking about the game.
Cold - below 0
It is translated to a huge pimple.
at least the wind is only 3km/h.
Although I am from the continent, I very strongly associate that salty air smell you get from the sea with Croatia
is by definition bad and full of bias at best and blatant lies and fabrications at worst
He's claiming they weren't white
PR stunt to appease the EU
Those are not misconceptions, those are 100% true.
Molio bih da se nitko ne svađa u komentarima
F1 race, mostly in 2017
Depends on the region, but in Slavonia:
It is also known in some countries as *Black Ribbon Day*.
And I haven't read the books in Croatian, only English
Apparently it isn't banned in Sweden.
No, pattern welding was invented in Europe separately and was done since antiquity.
Looks familiar to the one I've been at in Bologna
in Croatia there is ljubomoran (jealous) and zavidan (envious) and they are used completely diferently
Cut him some slack, the guy lived in the time which we don't even understand
> small rural town of 80,000 people
What's so difficult to comprehend about that?
For those desiring explanation for the Visigoth collapse, bazbattles did a video on the battle of Guadalete which pretty much explains it;
Sure, it's like pain centers in the brain being stimulated but with humans, the result of that is the sensation of pain, where as any machine, no matter how complex, could only have and output that says "pain"
Spanish not that much
At the end of the day, all your effort did nothing.
But wait
They have their own political party that's a member of the European free alliance
The other points stand - the loss of the nobility was a severe blow
10 kn expensive loaf of bread or a dozen eggs
Oh my god that is the most eastern european thing I have ever seen.
What's your point, do you really think they went trough the entire screening process?
Turns out one of them is Bosniak when he heard us speak
Indeed, Orthodox Croatians
[Marš na Drinu, (March on Drina)] - Very inspiring, the lyrics are especially sharp and fun, really motivates you to go and fight for your fatherland
I mean, there's technically the museum night event, but the crowd is always by far the worst at the Technical museum haha
Thats what I mean
Read the article
Honestly I always thought that Friuli- Venezia Giulia is autonomous because of strong regional Friulian identity not becaue of slovenes . I remember as a kid traveling there quite often so those hills in that region always make me chuckle when I travel trough that region
&#x200B;
God forbid I forget to put on sunscreen
* it was one of the first states to [ban slavery in modern times]
I recognise the sentence from [this show]
> Maastricht : culture, food, history
Move to a small house and ditch all that tech, use bicycle instead of a car, have 3 pairs of jeans and 3 shirts, eat cheap food and you can life off of one income with no problems
[Here's the differences listed]#Characteristics).
National radio stations broadcast more Croatian music and less foreign music.
Maecenas eget eros leo
why, because it doesnt condemn homosexuality and propagate gender ideology or something
There are probably others i forgot too
The locksmith repeatedly said: "I'm not leaving before we turn the place upside down
>I think more people died in those years then in ww2
) and Onomichi
Good bye
“O liepa, o draga, o slatka slobodo,
Oof I really don’t know
The company itself was made by a South African and are currently looking to expand their manufacture in a lot of other countries
>15 year old boy died
But after three in the morning you can see, stuff
If you asked me a decade ago, I'd say hell yeah
Yes they did
Happy birthday Lithuania
Everybody has Alps these days, probably in an attempt to stop being Balkan.
Yeah, me too
Ognjištarci - people around the hearth - extreme conservative Catholics with Nazi leanings, closest to rednecks
That being said, on a more basic level, the word "gypsy" is going to mean something completely else in Ireland than it would in Bulgaria, and Balkan people use the word "Asian" very differently to the British for example
Why would we have to unite into a single political entity if there are a plethora of political entities even within current sovereign nations?
that's why it's so funny and that's why i asked in the first place :D
I'm assuming there would be much less negative talk about unions and minimum wages
Different locations, still an active situation more than an hour later
i'll just say that they're adventurous
I think a good joke anthem is hej brigade, maybe change up the lyrics a little
Krtek was also very popular when I was little.
I catch a fish or two and just as I'm about to start packing, stupid birds attack me and empty me of my catch
I always liked the story about Manda and the commander, I know it’s probably just a myth but it sounds cool
Fake hate crimes, if they were in the news, 90% of them were debunked next week.
Russian, English, French, Italian, Portuguese, Hungarian, Turkish, Spanish and Serbian/Croatian/Bosnian/Montenegrin
Flair checks out
Just
I mean if i'd have to make a list of regions and people slavonia would be somewhere near the bottom
There's Muslims in countries with very different cultures all over the world, and these people don't all think the same.
I don't follow them that closely but I know for example which parties hold the governments (maybe not every by name but by which EU parliament group they belong to and that gets me close enough to what kind of politics they stand for)
Eastern Europeans, why do you feel the way you do about Communism?
Backwards
I also very vaguely remember the mad cow disease thing
Hah you guys at least seem happy on the outside
It's a country with 50 % unemployment, and even with that, and all the influx of Gulf money, extremism managed to make comparatively very little ground so far.
Was not disappointed
in my opinion it is completely unconstitutional, no matter that it is not mandatory subject, it clashes with the idea of separation of state and church
Do you have a lot of first-gen Russians, or do they stay separate through generations?
[Here's my redesign I would suggest, I think the main issue with our flag is the Dutch tricolor
They differ in ideologies a bit; HDZ is more conservative and SDP more liberal
Wait people don't even know about this?
What the hell B&H, 2003
Varaždin-Croatian/Varasd-Hungarian
It depends
Iran is a threat to world NUMBA 1!
Archeology shows 7000 years old continous settlement in various areas of the town.
See bottom right, this is standard German cards deck
It is not like they perform in secret.
we are taught from the birth to work in touristic branches
Last one looks so funny
West slavic languages are definetly easier to read than to listen maybe as an exception for northern Croats
The US started this shit by arming rebels against Assad.
In Croatia too
As someone already wrote, people (especially older) mark you as a communist and not a real Croat
JK, good work OP
more akin to the Belgian Congo
To up more so called moralizing about dah ebilz of the past?
making prayer in Islamic way is a bit retarded, especially when teachers seem to bursting with joy.
So what do you wear on your face and eyes on -20°C?
Also on the same day [Massacre in Škabrnja] happened.
But before we die, it's going to be here on the Earth warmer than it should be
After corona ends i wanna go to poland
:  [
Opening up foreign branches isn't trade.
Most of Serbian scene are males looking like the biggest hillbillies seen, or females that have so much silicones and botox in themselves and sing crappy songs
You’re gonna love the next chapter, it all comes around
Such comments and speculations should be avoided, especially if they clearly violate our rules
So i would say its pretty common
approximately 10 police cars were just parked in the middle of the road, blocking traffic and blocking the right turn lane completely
Croatia then sends [Stipe Miocic]
It really is kumbaya until it isn't.
Maybe 1-3%. Can be more or less depending on the beach
You are compensated with some version of the sea
Finally Croatia in the top 10 for something useful :)
Nunc accumsan turpis nec vestibulum vulputate
I'm not an economist
But the thing is, most countries aren't democracies.
for a flag I didnt even know existed until 5 min ago, I really like the white-red-white1991-1995 flag
Yup, it's not stopping just yet apparently
Nicholas fortress is Šibenik, Croatia
It looks embarrassing in comparison XD
If you close your brows like you are angry or have sun in your eyes you will be stuck with that expression/face
There is a big difference between Vučić and his buddies in ThirdYugoslava and them now.
As for the furry friends, no preference really
So if we buy burgenland under the idea of croatian minority living there, this means flr the first time since 10th century after hungarians settled in pannonian basin, south and west slavs would be connected
I think both are hammery enough
Food is great for dogs
Can't pull out a lot of money from EU if your public sector is inefficient, or a suspicious amount of the money "goes astray, what sorcery is this".
When you look at a map of Europe, the size of Albania is large enough that its borders are quite hard to miss
You are welcomed, bro
I'll assume it's you and will say that your opinion should matter to anyone because you presumably live in a society, and you can't live in a society if the other people don't acknowledge your individuality
Vukovar remained in Serb hands until 1998, when it was peacefully reintegrated into Croatia with the signing of the Erdut Agreement
Same :)
The less you know the person, the less chance that the guest will be asked to take off their shoes
Also Hajduk signs were everywhere even graffiti style prayers for the club on the churches but I guess they really like their team so whatever I guess
Wait
[Don't mean to steal your thunder...]
Head in the sand strategy isn't working.
It is also (imo) a prime example of how to be patriotic and truly love what is our own, but still be part of the bigger family and respecting that aspect of it as well
I'm sort of on a carolus rex high and I've always been interested in the eastern blocc
Iran does fund various Shia groups such as Hezbollah but they almost never attack Westerners.
I completely agree with everything you said.
I like joking and seeing jokes on Americans
Other than Tvrđa Osijek has a hanging bridge which has lights at night and the main square and the town itself has old style Austro-Hungarian architecture and buildings
What you told me sounds like just another way to wash more money and make the supreme leader feel even more comfortable and established
So, you guys are still defending campaign of murder, genocide and expulsion of non serbs from bosnian lands in order to create greater serbia as some kind of righteous ideal serbs fought for.
Because the HRK could collapse at any year from now forwards, the Euro, hardly so.
This year and the last year, I've had only a couple of such nights
Thomson’s book is based on more than two years of repeated interviews with 20 subjects provided in face-to-face meetings in prisons, homes, and kebab shops in France, and over the phone, including operatives in Syria.
It is well known that all Germans consume their sausages on a stick.
Dubrovnik, tho, is way overcrowded
Those silver poles around the pool, are they dangerous
) Also, everything is political
Start with Serbian, trust me, it is easier
Happy marriages all round
Island of Daksa is an small island on which dozens of priests and people that were against fascist regime were executed
We are so progresive
We would like to take this opportunity to remind you of our [Official geographical policy] of /r/Europe
I'm glad you like it
Although there are a few locations in my city (such as an abandoned factory complex or illegal shacks city) where i wouldnt consider myself safe or comfortable at night
I wish I could just forget what happened to my family in the 90s, if only
Homophobes
There's nothing stopping you personally from freezing it and not buying new TVs, new phones, new whatever comes next
UN soldiers in Srebrenica were literally tied to a fence while the genocide was being done
Not sure about the etymology, though
[Hladetina]
Thats what she said
Throw grenade, chase the gang trough the spring
We also have a shit ton of them aswell
Never heard of it in this form
If I buy bottled water at home it’s only if it’s sparkled
WW2 is coming and when the time comes be weary of Ante Pavelic and his Ustase, they'll bring only bad things
The contradiction comes from whether she was 12 or 9 with 'authenticity' more likely going for she was 9.
The dog has a home and hopefully, a family that loves it
929265
Ah Istra, najkulturnija Hrvatska regija
... etc
We have a great relationship with Slovenia ...
Nulla aliquam, ligula et finibus laoreet, nisi massa ultricies est, a elementum nibh justo in quam
In Croatian, shark is morski pas, literally sea dog
But its almost never used so
Oh how great it will be when Russia joins
*Continues living in Balkan country*
In Croatia, there’s always a friend in some rural town with a tractor willing to help you out
So west bad ruined Yugoslavia without it us big world rulers, therefor against west good person country, China good
Now, Thompson is a very controversial ultra right winged singer (I personally completely disagree with his views), but this song and the album in particular have nothing contoversial whatsoever and focus more on the distant croatian past
We have makovnjača in Dalmatia too, I heard it was brought during Austria-Hungary
[Sea Organ & The Greetings To The Sun in Zadar ]
Oh yeah, I was generally more impressed with the interior...
Condoms and pills exist
Weeds that grow by train tracks
You don't need to be in a single market to outsource.
Koji kurac
I don't hear anyone sane in Croatia singing it
I have some weird notion you are the chosen one when it comes to understanding of truth.
Especially when, as I understand, you have highly developed IT sector.
But we do have a tradion at the end of the 4th year (12th grade) where students who graduated high school take part in a huge graduation parade and party, called "Norijada". The parade has caused controversies over the past few years because incidents such as causing fires, getting arrested, vadalising properties etc
Professional polls are made by specifically choosing people of different age/sex/class/residence/education.., in order to get a representative sample.
Most of the time parents know each other as well from teacher-parent or kindergarten meetings
Upper Frog's = Gornje Žapsko
That shut them up
And 70 years later we have this.
Communists are still ruling the country from the shadows by controlling both the main left wing and right wing party is more widespread belief than people like to admit
Wwii period, the croatian kingdom and the croatian war of independence
5 C and under is a winter jacket, gloves, hat, extra leggings under jeans and boots
I must be honest and say that I prefer the way it looks now as opposed to the completed design
And then the police stormed in and arrested at least a hundered of them
Not really
I've seen these before in Croatia, but rarely
They adore their rich corporations and money-hoarding psychopaths
Also most of these people have probably done zero to actually help stop climate change
Rest of the world
- *Boli me kurac - My dick hurts*
They share
And during the weekends they come back and spend free time with family and friends
On the other side I can't tell apart canadian from american unless american speaks southern accent or I hear that canadian deep accent in a word *about*
Serbs train their falcons to assume Luftwaffe emblem pose.
I said before since USA is going retarded
Going out drinking when adult should end with you still being mostly coherent
God I miss castles, forts, even cattle.
38 years after my part of the hood has plenty of parks, trees, and even space for cars, remember it was built inn1983
Support for EU membership has nothing to do with cooperation between polling institutions unfortunately.
Typical Croatian citizen doesn't give a damn about some old pots and stuff.
We stole from Bosnia so Čevapi is very much enjoyed here
This is just ex-yugoslavian hazing :)
kurac is definitely an essential multitool in Croatia
> I hope you’ll realise why this is wrong but I won’t hold my breath
but what they lack in technique they compensate with heart and stamina
Similar things can be said for the left I mean communism did kill some 100 milion people if were going after whose ideology is worse
* Dalmacija: laid back lazy people, but they go from 0-100 really quickly so shit can get intense (see Split)
I think "Kovač" or "Kovačević" is "Smith". You know blacksmith=kovač.
Coming from you, my understanding tells me that "homophobia" doesn't really mean homophobia but merely people who don't hold the same view as yourself on the topic
Yeah, looks strange to me too for it to be feminine
Wow, this surprised me, and I see here a few countries don't have ID's. We have them here since I can remember
You might get some modern newly built mansions at the sea side with pool and other ammenities
I can give some respect to Mile Kitić, but not to Relja Popović or Rasta for example
I'd like to see European big-budget movies that feature multiple languages, and are better for it, kinda like Inglorious Basterds did it.
Eh I don't like it much, the chunky bits are too much
My desktop wallpaper is a picture of the Hindenburg disaster
I didn't mean both overlapped exactly
Which is kinda the definition of "overrated".
Aj ken bi eniver enitajm end aj ken kil ju in ovr handrd vejs end dets đust vit maj ber hends
In light of recent and most probably future events, I suppose there are many here interested in having a better understanding of Russia as a political entity and the nature of its foreign politics.
Tapkanje (doesn't mean anything, comes from the sound of hitting the floor with your hands "TAP
AKA the most humiliating ass slapping the ussr ever got
U čačinim jajima
so, if a next of kin is to inherit a huge amount of money and he suspiciously refuses the autopsy?
Politically
But if I wanted EU citizens to be afraid of muslims and if I wanted to raise nationalism I would do the exact thing I explained.
Overall, probably Bandić, the mayor of Zagreb
It was very bad
Had the nation remained intact,
What are some of your countires translations of popular characters or names that might seem strange/weird/unnecessary
Also now I'm imagining a situation where he has no ID/similar, and he's speaking in one of the 4 *very "distinct" languages that are totally NOT just dialects, no sir!* that we have here <.<
The only places i drove to in the last year were serbia and bosnia and i wouldnt lose much if i skip it in favor of living on an island paradise
History is a bit longer than our Western concept of a nation state.
Meeting interesting people
Yeah, sure, ''diplomatic protest note''
The issue is that Europe is importing millions of people who will never integrate, never assimilate, and therefore end up resorting to welfare or semi-organized crime.
You do taxes like Americans
we're talking about a guy (Hitler) who frequently ignored advice from the more qualified people around him.
Dacic Defends Serbian Arms Deal With Russia
I will never understand the mentality of people like that
We have a person who fires a cannon in Zagreb [every day at noon] In Zagreb, it is considered a great honor to have this job.
But the good thing is that private healthcare is pretty affordable due to universal healthcare because if it was too expensive, nobody would use it
Hopefully it will be peaceful, or else we risk another war in region or even serious involvement of US and, if Serbians manage to talk them in to, Russian in war
We don't really do thousand separstors
We may not like each other due to our history but at the moment what are our real problems?
Not me tho :(
Played water polo
You are statistically likely to be greatly behind in the understanding of the sex missing in your household as one of the parents, which is important for the overall success in life
Today it was Vienna
I used to think EU was actually good
My town has an old abandoned military base
Brutto is before taxes, net after
Dubrovnik: well,there was this show
"Literally not much would change
[Me doing a grocery run tomorrow]
Yet Bulgaria has seen economic growth over the past three decades regardless of a steady population decline.
just
It helped Serbia to gain more independence from ottomans and Croatia to get more independence from Hungary and Austria
it was a million last I looked), and that Germany had 80 million people on its own before that.
Smart
Guess it‘s not just a rumor that we are close friends
Rijeka is a cool industrial port city that's this blend of Mediterranean and Austro-Hungarian, with a history that's honestly more interesting than that of Zagreb
Every couple of days I discover a word on this subbreddit I thought was Croatian but is actually Hungarian
Not just travel, it was the best passport in the world at that time, it gave you access to both west and east, i dont know if any country had that
Nice - 14-22ish
I also know when and why it was done
But she is the only victim as long as I can tell
That last stand is something that rivals Battle of Thermopylae
Scooters are relatively popular, motorcycles not so much.
If you liked Bonbon, you might like [Gery Nikol]
It was hot, but no where near as hot as it was up until two years ago
Aren't carabinieri under jurisdiction of both ministry of defence and internal affairs/interior (however you call it)
We sent a majority Serbian delegation to Belgrade to negotiate the way Croatia (State of Slovenes, Croats and Serbs) would join Serbia with a paper dictating Croatian stances on crucial points of the union (federative territorial arrangement, parliamentary monarchy and such stuff
So the first guy did it to trigger people and the other ones overreacted ?
Before 1945
Conspirators lived in Serbia, Serbia didn't cooperate (well, Austria required some stuff they knew Serbia would not agree to), so yeah.
I don't think we have a word for burgundy in Croatian.
r/oldje
I dislike going there because I never seem to find what I’m looking for
I think that is most Slavs tbh, with Poles being a prime example
In Croatian we call it “Sveto Rimsko Carstvo Njemačke Narodnosti” (Holy Roman Empire of German Nation)
Villages and towns were destroyed along with people, livestock and other living things whom died in the catastrophe
And it's the media mostly that makes it that big of a deal tbf
as always
what's wrong with facebook
How can *Mädchen* be DAS, it's literally a noun that = GIRL, I ask you :O
It's completely fine, it shows some facts that I haven't mentioned in mine (no rhyme intended) ;)
[Here's my redesign I would suggest, I think the main issue with our flag is the Dutch tricolor
Slovenian "Zahod" (meaning west) means toilet in Croatian
Honestly I will be so glad when Le pen wins in france and afd wins in germany :)
But you can say whatever you want, so we have lots of Extraterrestrials, Jedi warriors and Yodas.
Well, on my uni in medicine field you need certain score that is calculated by the Q and IF of journal you pzblish in
Most people somehow became brainwashed to vote for them (or got a job through them), so they vote for these two constantly, that means there is absolutely no progress
They have the largest active nuclear arsenal on Earth.
Hahahaha so true
Hah, and I'd second your sentiment about the monarchy - in theory I'd like them restored here as well, but that ain't happening, ever
the trick is then to clap your other hand on top of dominant hand and reverse effect
Oh, yea, you are right
ide krava pustinjom i pogodi je tepsija
Can you speak Swedish and have you tried Sverok?
Uh I wish our press had less freedom
It also would also prevent infighting within that group.
Little sad guy seems photoshopped in this picture
It would look like a racing flag
we literally call toothpaste "kalodont" after a brand that was widespread during yugo times
Croatia-pools 0
Pretty excited for our group
The [Technical Museum] is better by an order of magnitude, there's a ton of old vehicles (trams, cars, planes) and models of even more things like boats, various tools and machines, a planetarium, a fucking *mine*, that you can walk through
I'm not from MN but I think tradition mostly.
I would love if the bulgatian restaurant chain "Happy" came to Croatia
Well, that is some weird stuff.
"Navik on živi ki zgine pošteno."
Are you sure about that
I actually found cattle very funny
I'm also constantly cold, i'm walking around the house closing windows she opened while she's in her t-shirt
I'm not sure that's true since we have a lot of italian words while in zagorje they have german
Also, not continental Croatia, Northern Adriatic here
No problem, I also remember Jan III
> It‘s a protest concert and you can watch it here
What is better
By that logic Croatian doesn't have f either.
They're the complete opposite of the most popular type of war songs from the 90s where the enemy was brutally humiliated in songs, on a ridiculous level
You think non-yugos know how to pronounce š, č, ć, đ, ž, lj, nj, dž? C and j? I think this question should apply to languages that have too ambiguous rules or the rules simply don't work in practice as well as they're supposed to
Talking about dictatorships is by far the favorite topic whenever any elections are nearby
I confronted my history teacher like "Yo what's this Prussia thing and what's their deal". We hadn't gotten to Prussia yet at that point,
I'm not ceding B*lgium an inch
Not just Europe, the world itself, there are too many massive protests catching the eye of the public and interest of milions and then just dying out without any sort of actual change being made
The world is still dealing with the blowback from Iraq, a war that was started based on exaggerated claims.
Chanting Freedom Values^TM at them?
Germany with nukes so they can bully more in the EU ?
I somehow expected spanish to be taught in portugal
It is impossible to have peace if Serbia is your neighbor :D
I don't know, but there's this parking lot to the north that gets mentioned a lot
It's just a coastline with cheap local prices
There are many Serbs in Croatia and I also used to live in Austria (many Serbs live in Austria).
That's a yikes
Solvenia are u alright
And a flight of swans would have departed
Boring
B*itch please you're not in even in the top 20 hardest languages to learn.
However, the law about personal names says that you can have up to two words for each category
You don't really think consciously about her last name being a color
The border between Croatia-Dalmatia and Bosnia was officially established nearly **two centuries ago**.
I'm sure the Netherlands would have loved to do it voluntarily, only if they were given the access to the area..
[Overpoleing] with traffic poles
I love anime but dislike the reality of which this is a depiction
It’s the capital, but all tourists go to the Croatian coast, so they don’t care about it because it’s in the interior
The only reason my Spanish sucks is that I have zero interest in learning it, and absolutely nothing I watch is in Spanish
I don't really think words, rather I see a map of europe
Morbi ut laoreet urna, congue fermentum mi
I am sure that I would also be able to understand a bit more, if it was a little slower spoken
All in all, it's very similar
Not well, but at least it's not Africa.
I've read somewhere that only Croatian and Ukranian have that ikavian form of speech
You can see the well called "Manduševac", which got it's name from the girl (Manda) in the story, and from where the legend started
Of course, everything is much cheaper here
Sure, you have buy 1000$ in parts to getting running again, but its cheaper than having to buy that same car for 2000$, and again having to put in 1000$ parts.
Wait, your suburbs are still apartment complexes just smaller?
We will strip him and [let him walk through Dubrovnik with a old woman behind him screaming "SHAME!"]
So there's that
going by the name Duchy, later Kingdom of Croatia
He came to Croatia once, and the lulz were epic.
What great working conditions
Is that why our Eurovision song is partly in Italian?
Half of Europe prefers the money and stability that comes with the UK staying even if it means having to put up with the English.
Reading this makes me want to work at ESA even more
You don't really hear the difference in those names in everyday speach
I'm sure the right wing extremists on both sides will make a deal together in their infinite hypocrisy.
Especially since the former right-wing coalition partner (HSP dr.AS) of the current leading party (HDZ) isn't present in parliament anymore.
I think they go hiking unplanned, they see a mountain and it attracts them like a magnet, they want to see what's up there.
To have democracy you need democratic institutions.
[Bajaga - Dvadeseti Vek]
I don't like it at all
Opatija:
you guys exist
You can to speak completely normally because infinitive, even though sound farmer-like little
Congratulations Latvia, my second favourite Baltic country
Not every Uni probably
It wasn't just one ethnicity being the aggressor, it was all out civil war.
Any proof
Travelling abroad was a norm for anyone, every citizen
I might, but it's going to be his last one
None of these parties are talking about "race"
I never claimed otherwise, I just said US nominal is partly inflated due to health care and education costs.
Now daily almost becuse of buying new planes but usually not so much
We actually have some connection, Dieter Mateschitz (Matešić) is of Croatian origin
It happened just a few days ago
You're acting just like Turks now
We also have a shit air force, i think last year one of our fighter jets fell apart mid-flight.
Couldn't Bosnian just have been a regional identity?
Mi smo isprva mislili da smo se usrećili s našim ljudima, koji su isprva djelovalo neobično sposobno
Where as rural areas are poster children for openness and diversity?
It’s from a poem Opomena (“Warning”) by Antun Branko Šimić.
Germany : W-w-we're going SOLAR I SWEAR.
For the victims who had to pay the highest price for Europe to one day hopefully achieve all that
Pecs Hungary or Sombor Serbia not really sure where to go first
The polls are again showing very narrow margins
Hmm you have given me an idea
Is it wrong to use "hallo" in Austria
It's: Croatian waters - international waters - Italian waters
Imagine the ottomans shitting their pants when the polish came like gandalf over the hill with his rohirrim
Side-note, redditor /u/Scutters, this first looked like 2 redditors talking to each other, then one Scutters talking to him/herself, the finally an EDIT.
*Here is an article in english ["Uhljeb – a post-socialist homo croaticus: a personification of the economy of favours in Croatia
EU will just do it's usual sanction thing,write an angry letter and then do not much else while US will do nothing at all due to the current president
Kajkavian dialect in Croatia is a nightmare to understand for me as someone from dalmatia
Nice that we both met
Having shit load of charging stations helps too
that's considered good luck
I know a few people from Croatia that went to Serbia to do volunteer work in an animal shelter, because they had so many dogs they couldn't keep up with the amount of cleaning needed (and were in dire straights when it came to food, like, all the time)
First time i ever got really drunk was on my school trip to Hungary when i was drinking Becherovka when i was 16
isn't it like super illegal in Sweden?
Reason is cause everything is cheaper there
Imamo jos par godina lufta prije nego krenemo ponovo
I'll have to browse local ads, there might be something.
Yea could of photoshoped another moon to be like eyeballs
Croatia is western Serbia
Keep fighting the good fight, Netherlands
I'm just relieved this isn't true
I'm not here for your self righteous lectures,you know nothing about my nations history which makes anything you say invalid
Yap, it can change shape
(All countries that produce some things better than USA, what a surprise.) And the argument against Germany is the same thing as before, there's a trade deficit, because of EU's trade policy, and more importantly, the value of the Euro.
Can people understand each other with ease
Serbian, in other hand, would be 101% (Anđelina Đoli)
Could you post some of the interesting ones?
Thankfully it was built to counter earthquakes so there is no damage done to it
problem solved
Embargo was put on Bosnia and Croatia,you had all the military equipment from ex-yu and still managed to lose.
in my opinion it is completely unconstitutional, no matter that it is not mandatory subject, it clashes with the idea of separation of state and church
Erotic movies were quite popular at the time Danish [Hopa cupa u krevetu] was the most watched movie of 1977 in the country and Emanuelle series also had a big following
Most of the world was destroyed and became uninhabitable except the British Isles
I bliješti suncem obasjana,
Hello Bengal here, do you need any glorious info?
2Cellos
Oof
The Talos Principle - this is a real hidden gem from Croteam
The Croats, on the other hand, perceived themselves as equal to Hungary, not a part of Hungary.
That's right, also in [Slovenia] and [Croatia]
If you're not Catholic, you're not Croatian - that's the default view for most people
You are expected to be proficient in english (since that is the main language for outside communication)
Progressives can really only function under democratic system.
So you think Sweden, Norway, Denmark, UK...
It looks like a [chubby falcon descending]
I want to thank Hungary for playing game of thrones with us in the middle ages, it wasn't always pretty, but of all the countries that claimed our territory, you at least had decent claim to it
I thought that it was a rick roll because it started loading youtube
(This is my own experience with it, might be different for others)
and so on and so on
Yes, it was mostly due to their large army if I remember correctly.
slovenia would be fine i'd imagine; Croatia, on the other hand would be pissed off.
First half of 1st grade you do print and then you learn cursive
I wasn't even aware of the large price difference then
Germany only get's one 27th of a say though.
Another book I would put on this list is Zlatarovo zlato by August Šenoa
, which i have exactly 0 interest for
I'm betting on aliens next
I think its same both ways
It's a satire based on the real issues of American society.
Can confirm - I love milk
Also, I would really like it
Eaither way, best regards from Croatia
No way it's 15% here
You here to fill out your daily warcrime quota
Is Sienkiewicz any good
Promaja AKA propuh AKA widowmaker
Not necessarily joining two words I think, we have plenty of examples where we drop out letters.
I wouldn't have such an optimistic view
Because self-defence is a fundamental human right and firearms are a big part of it because they are a force equalizer and allow people to defend themselves practically rather than have it some lofty idea.
On the other hand, in the 90s the Red Star was flown by armies attacking Croatia, and the ZDS slogan was used by groups defending it.
To show off a single country with 2 cities is a real task, to show the whole continent is just impossible
Homophobes
I remember when my mother, who was at the time in Sarajevo, was wounded.
Droning of a general and important political figurehead of a regional power and rival of an ally who is at the time in another country under diplomatic immunity
**Rijeka** - also on the coast, but culturally and historically is a lot more closely tied with Zagreb
Well now that the cars will be built in the US, not in Mex, im pretty sure we will see a improvement in quality of the cars being made
That's regional
The cost of life would be better
Also now I have at least 1 crack in every room and it's ugly as shit
Those aren't ice blocks or they'd have melted by now
There's no point in discussion.
So if someone is catholic, by your comment, he is not wirthy of even living
Looks like an interesting city with it being half on an island
So you're telling me borders are so secure that they have to pick them 20km from Libya coast?
he lasted three words
Life goes on
They are not innocent when it comes to Kosovo and they also caused much "trouble" with their own speratist movements in other countries which is maybe the reason for the hard NATO offensive.
Nunc suscipit sagittis lectus, vitae pretium mauris semper ac
Croat
Earth pimple
At best you have a changing of the guard where the once poor rise to power, usually through violent means, but the people who stayed poor are still robbed of any influence.
Poland’s history can easily be summed up as a continuous struggle against invasions and divisions.
GERMAN HUMOUR
i am from that part that is supposed to be germany on the sea and I have never heard of it being part of the holy roman empire
We had some italian nationalists couple of days ago who pulled out a flag of kingdom of italy (or something like that) infront of D'Annunzios house in Rijeka
I learned German, it is such an awful language, but a lot of German tourist don't speak English so what can I do
Edip Akbayram
[And today]
I'd say it is more of an earneurysm.
- Petar Zrinski and Fran Krsto Frankopan (members of the Croatian-Hungarian movement against Austrian centralism and absolutism)
However, some edge lord teens far right-wingers may not object if they call themselves that (in private, in public not so often)
jelda
And I think a couple in Hungary
Polish ID's also have parents' names IIRC
By official records there are more Croats living outside of Croatia than in it.
gay people don't have the same rights are hetero people.
It doesn't feel really good
True, true
On the other hand, I really love old German, Austrian and Swiss plates, with each region having their coat of arms on it
Wtf
Its true, Italians and Brits, but the main difference is that Italian teens can handle alcohol better so the Brits are the worst guests there
Nulla aliquam, ligula et finibus laoreet, nisi massa ultricies est, a elementum nibh justo in quam
Only few thousand Serbs live or has business connection in Russia.
Carthage is in Tunisia, not Algeria
Varaždin-Croatian/Varasd-Hungarian
Just in my small town theres alot of girls and women that are apsolutly stunning and since I live in touristy place I heared lot of foriegners expressing their amazment of how many good looking people they see here
Anything can really be a souvenir especially if you find some souvenir things for free
Honestly I think steaks are overrated
If you're Anglophone, German or Italian, don't. We want to speak *your* language
The greek goody's. It is a very nice fast food restaurant with burgers
What was your people's most famous disaster (as in earthquakes, explosions, nuclear leaks)
Are you my long lost brother
Ango media is in full clickbait mode since around 2015 but now that they lost two major political battles they're going totally berserk.
Than look at Ethiopia which was never really colonized, it is in the same problems as other African nations.
I wish I was an American every day more and more
lmao, I felt the same when I was there
Because they weren't in the EU
I feel for you and i'm on your side regarding kosovo but i just think that sometimes it's better to count your losses and carry on looking in the future
As others, I thought that it was a picture of a carpet before I saw people on the road
For example standard Croatian word for "milk" woud be "mlijeko", but in ikaviav dialect it would be "mliko" and ekavian is "mleko". Thats the main difference in dialects here (ex-yugo) ije/e/i with lots of other examples
Suspendisse non dapibus lacus
Though we're special because we swear at anyhting and everyithing
We learn more about the Habsburg Monarchy than we do about Hungary, but we definitely learn more about Hungary then we do about Austria
But I am also amazed by US size and nature
Thomas Silverstein in the USA, life imprisonment + solitary confinement.
No, the Serbs did not annihilate the walls lol, those walls are the original, they just aren't from antiquity but built from the 14th century onwards.
and its not just alcohol, everything goes
It's quite expensive here nowadays
I'd like to say that Croatia has as high standards as Poland but unfortunately...
We have also found out that my grandma's niece (I think) that lives in Germany has Covid-19 along with her pregnant daughter
Im just happy that my family is ok and hause is still ok as well but lots of people lost their home today
But something has to be done about that refinery in Bosanski Brod.
Oh man
A lot of corrupt people (Politicians, sport officials, CEOs) from Croatia have dual citizenship with Bosnia and Herzegovina, most of them, and even when sentencing happens they are allowed to go to Bosnia and carry out their sentence there, but what actually happens is that their courts have to confirm that sentence, which they normally lower and in a lot of cases even overturn, because their country is even more corrupt, so they stay there, on a sort of vacation, and once thing goes old in legal terms, they come back and carry on doing business as usual
They want their Military Navy acess to the open sea over our marine border while being nasty and totally disregarding international sea laws.
Pretty much what I meant
...you are not afraid of women's breasts.
Wait a second
Republic of Ragusa ceased to exist in 1808 after Napoleon joined it's administative territory with dalmatian
You do realize there are no borders between EU countries, atleast there werent untill recently, and if they get to lets say Croatia, they can freely take the money they get for wellfare and take a bus to Germany.
Yugoslavia was federation of rep, not a nation
big fan of ur football national team me and my cousins always cheer like u won world cup when u score goal or when match is draw and thats how i feel about micronations
Poor people
Well it is 2016, so time had come for somewhat more distanced view of events during the war, even ironical one.
I found it funny when my native speaking Slovak teacher who was learning Croatian didn't know how NOT to devoice the final consonant
IIRC that map was for 3rd language?
Unfortunately, yes
I was tutoring, and 90% of students were included in Ana, Lana, Lara, Lea, Mia, and Iva
Easy to get cocky with that amount and just declare another war after the first...
I'm getting real tired of playing against you
It would look like a racing flag
I'm not attacking you specifically, but I am ranting because I have heard this complaint all the times, yet it's all stopped by 5 minutes of research
Duis a varius turpis, vitae congue nunc
I used to live in northern Germany for a couple of years and was severely depressed
TBH he quite often gets called out for that
please make facebook leave forever
8 primary (mandatory) + 4 or 3 years of highschool
Good luck Austria
Well, some are but that's just normal, everyone has obnoxious tourists
a kužin nisan nikad jea čokolino samo san ga vidia u dućan pa san bia zbunjen
Destruction 100
Yes, it is
It is the same for coastal Croatia
just few days ago i was getting heavily downvoted on r/serbia for saying that srebrenica is a genocide
Yeah
Paris has always been a complicated city to love.
Not that I know of, but it's not really suprising since you can't legally register a monarchist party because it "breaks constitutional order".
Add th relatively small size to the mix and it confuses me even more.
Cattle of Europe: Istrian Boškarin
C) I'm all for giving the European Parliament more power so that the EU is more directly Democratic, but the democratically elected representatives of the people in member countries don't like the competition
Almost everyone knows at least 1 foreign language
Yeah croatian coast had the most beautiful cities
Edit: Dubrovnik was also a first country to recognize US indepedence
Not sure whether that counts, though.
Though, you can expect pretty much any european to say this about their language
Croatia too
You see Europe has got a nasty demographics issue, many people will retire and most of the European countries will suffer from lack of demand for local products, lack of taxable population and growth of people in need for pension, that will cause a HUGE rise in taxes and I'm sorry but I'm not planning on paying most of my income to the government
Don't bulls*it further
But don't worry polticans know what's best for you now excuse them while they live in the classy part of town
We know it’s a holiday that exists but don’t actually celebrate it
I don't know, maybe you heard about this guy called Josip Broz?
I know, I live in the UK
I really like Belgrade and so do most other people here, but it's probably because of the similar culture
Actually, this is the perfect timing, from a Islamist point of view.
But no, they wanted to make "great Serbia".
It has nothing to do with glossy office buildings, rather a concrete jungle of appartment blocks.
Depends what you wamt to try, it's diverse, you have food from parts of Croatia, parts of Montenegro, Albania and Greece that is Mediterranean in nature, then you have typical greasy, heavy food coming from continental parts of the same countries influenced by Germanic and Turkish cuisines, and in the end you have something entirely that is uniquely Balkan
I was in Zurich right before the pandemic
Correct, there is no grand conspiracy, just plain indifference and incompetence.
GDP isn't everything, Russia has always had a backwards economy relative to the West, yet it's been considered a principle power for centuries.
Being known for just one tiny thing:
This is why i protest to add the letters ģ,ļ and ń to the alphabet so it can truley be 100%
Arne Matteson's *One summer of happiness* was first movie shown in cinema with nudity
Well I'm a big fan of Montalbano series, and usually Italians in that series call us Slavs
AFAIK the best possible carrot the EU can offer is something like what Switzerland and Norway have.
These differences don't make a difference in understanding each other we can understand each other like brother and sister but these are just some bigger diffrences
Some people do think he did good, but tbh it's mostly old "babe" in their 60ies and 70ies
I like ours so I wouldn't change it.
We had overcast and rainy weather for weeks now
Yes,  but Federal Republic of Serbia still didn't border Greece
but every now and again you'll find someone who uses the name for themselves with pride
who styled himself King of the Serbs
See, I was under the impression that the EU was a European project - and that includes all the member states, not just France and Germany
D storm det vajps aut d patetik litl ting ju kol jur lajf
Serbs see it as he was merely trying to keep the country together and was doing his best to just repel the opposition and rebellion
Move to a small house and ditch all that tech, use bicycle instead of a car, have 3 pairs of jeans and 3 shirts, eat cheap food and you can life off of one income with no problems
Why would you ever aim for 50/50
It kind of is, but effects weren't so long lasting as in rest of eastern Europe.
That's because you are big human
Weird, here "luftati" means to open the windows to improve the air quality inside
You are kinda equating ex-Yu with the term which further adds to the confusion
There's no greater hassle than putting on half of your closet and leaving your apartment in the morning when it's rainy, cold and still dark
with their oxymorons and all :P
I was expecting a cheeky expansion into Rijeka to be honest
We understand each other (almost) perfectly
Nontheless we have very beautiful nature and gorgeous landscapes and it's something I personally take a lot of pride in
Ok, who will win
but most people enjoying spending the evening partying on the boat
Karlovac is smaller and more centrally located in terms of geography
While Croatia is at the lower end of the scale, I am lucky to be living in a city (Osijek) that does encourage cycling to an extent.
It's just a window, mate
Three is more common
Each part of the country is (visually) different from another
Because you can't tell by the uniform who's rich and who isn't
You can perhaps tell them apart only in regards to fashion and make up
It's possible to unwillingly rape someone while sleepwalking, there's medical precedence for it, and it's horrible to think about.
And i think there's more of them than men, a lot more but i'm not sure if that's correct
And no, im not counting serbian/bosnian/montenegrin as separate languages to know ;P
Especially Iranians: I was under impression that they usually integrate very well, and have little love for the customs and laws of their homeland.
Homo Sapiens, I reckon
Tbh i dont remember anything else, there were only chatrooms and napster (later came limewire and few others), and ICQ which was something like steam friends list, minus all the games
It's not just the phone, it's the dishwasher, washing machine, dryer, air conditioning, car with AC and better mileage and better safety features, microwave, etc
Morbi erat tortor, ullamcorper sit amet neque eu, faucibus porta risus
I'm sorry and happy cake day
Yeah let's blame it on brexit beacuse we disagree with democracy or as it is seen popular on some sites to disagree with elderlys rights to vote..
it was never fully part of Croatia, they have noticable Italian minority and also a large percent of population from less developed ex-Yu countries
(so we need land corridor through Slovenia to get there)
look at the map - we are not nazis!
5 strong
But I was working in a regular supermarket and idk expecting me to know everything about everything that's being sold there is kinda dumb
This is an important question and surprisingly we have historical examples to guide us.
It has some drawbacks, but I doubt that is an insurmountable obstacle for joining EU
And here *apologies* were mocked by most of the Croats and Croatian media.
All embrace me, It’s my time to rule at last
We do as part of WW2
Croatian singer Severina sex tape in 2004, it can still be found on the porn sites
Well I think any bigger explosion in Vukovar could be it, it was probably a competition who can make the biggest explosion in the city
and that's a really good thing watching what's happening in other countries with less experience in the subject.
so I'll take this
It's funny how Slovenia is so small, the artist was too lazy to draw its own thing so it just continued Croatia's pattern on it
It's a surprise to see people from Germany have a negative sentiment towards her
if festival season then stumbling around the town half naked or dressed like from that tv show [the tribe] around 6 in the morning or puffing those little bottles on the sidewalk
What is the smallest country that you would consider big
Rijeka is a cool industrial port city that's this blend of Mediterranean and Austro-Hungarian, with a history that's honestly more interesting than that of Zagreb
Well that's an easy way to run away from responsibility
Despite them being better than us in football, I'd say I like France
Don't want something to jeopardize the amount of money my auntie sends to me from there.
Slovenia looks a bit worrying as well
Wait, so the Muslims are all gathered up into a single class within a generation?
The UK will not own the missiles but will lease them under licence controls from the US.
Well it's not official in my country, but when I used to come home from going out during weekends while having drunk too much, I'd say I'm going to pray at the altar
After that talk boss never spoke to me directly and when he did he spoke nicely and professionally
I thought Norway had good education system ;)
Lobbying
No BIH is a big mistake the land should have been split between Croatia and Serbia
Zagreb and surrounding area
And Johnson, a prominent member of Vote Leave, resigned as Foreign Secretary in order to work for his country where it matters, the side lines
That's the similarity
more workforce, more tax income, more money to pay for the pensions of the aging population.
No good
They seem similar to the ones in the balkans
In reality, European steel up to the 1750s was run of the mill and had nothing special compared to other parts of the world.
It almost looks hilly
Thick enough for the spoon to stand in it.
They do have to use something to fight one another
We Croats have 1 200 nice islands, yet we are annoyed that Greece has 6 000
You'll see how much media fools you.
They decide a game is lost at some point, could be before it even began, and if you are winning, they just decide to assist the enemy team and type about how they were right about the game being a lost cause
So again, you aren't living with your parents, you are living with one of your parents
Other parts of Croatia differ, as northern Croats are very much central Europe and Dalmatians are southern
I would like to visit them all eventually
Seeing other countries IDs ours (Croatian) is pretty good looking and readable
I also think that it's the classic case of the grass is always greener and that other countries dont have it any better than us here
Yeah, just like that train literally few days ago.
* Zadar: they just don't seem to care
I fucking love our Europe
Prices are normally 8-10000K euros per square meter
Then there's Moriz, Hitlers personal driver who was half Jewish and got a pass.
I'm talking about my son, who exists, not a metaphor for the future
Our tour guide said Mestre was the ugliest city in Italy and the people there knew it
Our hospitals (the CCU at least, and that's what we're talking about) are comparable to hospitals in western Europe, regardless if you find that hard to believe.
And Serbian is much more easier for Anglophones than Croatian
Of course there is significant difference in quality and design of products of the same brand for western and eastern market, as usual, so Germans got fairy tale gothic type of castle on the hill, while here we have boring flatland oversized house type of castle that reeks of "I couldn't make it more dull" approach of the architects.
At which point they skyrocketed and are now above the UK in basically every metric, from life expectancy to income which also reflects in a higher Human development index
They still haven't invented fire..
Not just into the 3 really differing dialects but also on a city to city level
Maček was fine with that, he just didn't want to give official party support to the Ustaše, probably hoping that at some point the old regime would come back
Nah, most if not all polling agencies have a left leaning bias, AfD will have 20% or more, at least that's the vibes i'm getting from the Germans i know.
It provides a safe, beautiful and affordable place for our fellow Europeans to spend their long awaited vacation
Much better than Pula
I'd either get something that went with the theme of the subject or whatever else I thought looked cute
Little Saturday = Mala Subotica
Places with less than 100 thousand people are pretty safe, but i’m not sure what it’s like for large cities like Zagreb (800k people) or Rijeka (130k people)
Split, it's like Croatian Florida
if you play paper and the other plays rock you win and get to slap them
(silent pause while they’re looking at the map) Not that side, that’s Africa; the other side”.
I don't think I ever experienced temperature under -15°C and this year even our coast got frozen and [everybody lost their shit] At -7°C, [Split experienced lowest temperatures in the last 50 years] and at -8°C [Makarska had the coldest day in the last 26 years...]
My parents, who are doctors, were mildly pissed, but didn't take any action, because that'd just cause me trouble in school with the teacher
UK, well London specifically, it was okay but very underwhelming, especially compared to other European capitals
But that principle obviously doesn't apply when other member countries have a problem
Wow so many approve of physically attacking him for making a hand gesture
You missed an easy point with Baranja and Međimurje as a part of Hungary.
I also speak a bit of italian and german so i guess i could communicate with people who speak those languages
Yes, even villages but to be fair in Baranja there are a lot of Hungarians too and not just there also a few villages in the heart of Slavonia like Laslovo/Laszlovo  or Korođ/Korogy
For example Osijek has the first tram in Croatia and the first national Theatre
Yeah, I know what you mean
But thats expected since they are eastern Europe ;) (im kidding my portuguese friends, love you️)
Equalising Croatian and Serbian language
So:
But if I'll go by military power, innovation, cultural influence (think media), I'd say that US of A beats us for the past 70-100 years.
Bosnia: amazing nature
I guess people here mostly eat normal white bread as it's the cheapest and most versatile, but you can also find ciabatta, baguettes (or any corn flour bread), focaccias (more seldom though) and no yeast bread - usually we would buy it at the Dolac farmers' market on saturday morning for the weekend
Well rural people aren't respected in Croatia as much as they should be
Not really, if the Russians move in they will simply annex the whole country, there will not be much resistance.
They accept that but as soon as the Macedonia region in the historical sense is mentioned, suddenly all it matters is blood or strict borders.
If you're unlucky, because for example you just had a major socio-economic crash, you've just developed the making of a crimewave.
honestly
My amusement is [purely innocent
This is cool :)
And right, more pupils
Northerners are funny
Your historiography does this with quite a number of Croatian nobles.
No lockers are really rare actually but last year lockers were brought for the 1st to 4th grade but not the others
I typically ate at an old style restaurant or on Vitosha blvd, but even quick places on the street were delicious.
Croatia has free universities but idk if they have classes in english
Now, if I notice this in the capital and the largest city (around 800 000 people) then you can just imagine how it looks in smaller towns or villages
Footballers and sports fans as well
I wouldn't call 'čekić' particularly strong
This is history burning
5th of may was the battle for castle Itter, the last stand of the Nazi war machine
Few months ago I went on a Street view walk around Italy looking for those exact places where they were found and executed
Although half of us was still under age they gave us sampels of different types of Becherovka to try and review
It only has a small number submarine based missiles and does not have land based missile system at all.
Cro Cop is a legend but Stipe has 18:2 record and a world champion belt at the moment so...
Some people do think he did good, but tbh it's mostly old "babe" in their 60ies and 70ies
And Johnson, a prominent member of Vote Leave, resigned as Foreign Secretary in order to work for his country where it matters, the side lines
Bosnian croats-/serbs are just serbs/croatians born on the Territory of Bosnia and Hercegovina
︎bilijun (10^12 ) = trillion
This is sort of a stupid question for Europe
Thank you for all of the plates of meatballs I was forced to eat as a kid while sitting in IKEA bored out of my mind for hours, praying that my parents would be finished soon and we'd never return
ugly and impractical town
But I must say, those who have worked hard and fairly don't do it as much the upstart ones
Nobody in Croatia is claiming that Tesla was a Croat.
In Split where I'm from lower than 10°C is cold and higher than 28°C is hot, less than 5°C is too cold and higher than 34° is too hot
The problem is that there is no justification for Slovenia to claim that strip.
"Gle malu voćku poslije kiše:
Here's an example, my wife loves the snow and the cold
Met like 1 in my whole life and he was a pseudo-hipster.
Eh, that assumes that a few years of work in Dublin would earn me that much money.
It is a amazing sub, one of the best on the entire Reddit in my humble opinion.
Now I can only dream of meeting Gervais Gervais
I am actually curious, how did you witness the Yugoslav war
They are on the edge of being a failed state (although they've been there for years now), and I think once they break its going to be pure chaos in the region (again)
Is burek only with meat (true answer), or it can be with cheese, spinach, potatoes, apples (they are wrong)
Can we get a world download
problem is that idea of reevaluating Religious education purpose in state-run schools is support almost taboo topic between both left and right party
Because Germany is an economic juggernaut while Spain has is in a stagnating hole with very high unemployment.
Cak i u Zagrebu kazu Norijada
Australians actually have an easier process to migrate to Germany then Britain.
Hmm, nije strug, ja mislim na nesto drugo
I think it only got more popular during socialism tbh
Holy shit I was not prepared for that image.
000 personnel arriving from Danube with tanks, armored support, helicopters, artillery rockets, heavily armed soldiers, and a huge amount of support
Well a lot of people other than Serbs don't know much about the Croatian nazi group called Ustaše(Ustashe) who were leading a puppet government in Croatia during WW2
UK would do the same but they are already heading for shitstorm that potatoes vanishing would be just
Hence my statement had life sentence as the first option.
We just need aliens to war against.
Before Field = Prijepolje
Similarly, the Irish are well aware of their neutrality - but you can't really blame them
It is also a part of the opening ceremony of the summer games in Dubrovnik;
Lots of workers, oxen and time.
is that bad
Where you come from
Adriatic sea(sorry Italy, it is more beautiful on our side)
I can't seem to find a video
Sed tristique nisl quis felis convallis mattis
Maybe we just hold USA to a higher standard, since our relation is much closer
Mind you it's a tough crowd to get into, [when you think of] so much [shipping] [Weimar Trio Investigations] [Polan can't into space] [Portugal the shit-rectangle] and also [The Greatest Enemy.] Should have put warnings on some of those goddammit, I come to Polandball to have a quick laugh, not to get The Feels!
MP3 player, Mobile pay for car parking, electric speedometer, dynamo
Honestly, the tourists are missing out
When it comes to domestic policies, that's America's issue
Hahahahahaha
in Northern Scandinavia the night is dark and full of terrors...
I'm generalizing here, but it seems to me that socialism is still a dirty word to many Americans, because *of course* if you have a state that meddles in things like health care, workers rights, education and co, you'll end up with everyone being poor ("Politburo take potato, such is life").
American engineers make like 60k euro before tax as a starting pay
I see somebody was watching House of Cards
Oh these are not the only people he killed, there were more in late 80s but nobody gives a fuck about those poor souls right
Slovenian
"Bogu iza nogu" - Behind gods feet
I want new pass
I think they're called Paraguayan peaches here
Tbh he was viewed fairly positively here too.
The modern understanding of borders comes from the 19th century
[Make Commonwealth Great Again]
Myth is about Norseman (like totaly different from Norman who were completely unrelated group but whose names are somewhat similar by pure coincidence) who wanted to get some Slavic girl named Oslava or Miroslava, alas something went wrong, so many years latwr the guy named the city after his beloved one.
Same way Nikola Tesla was born in Croatia.
That mofo is super dangerous and inflicts lots of damage
-Petar Zrinski and Fran Krsto Frankopan,leaders of the movement against Austrians
At the moment, Luka Modrić(football).
Phasellus interdum vulputate risus
Wonder if jealousy and jalousien have anything in common and why
think about this a little bit more thoroughly.
dobra
At least they were when I was a kid, I don't know what today's kids watch.
thought he wrote it with ó to emphasize the long 'o' sound in "because".
Yeah, with those nazies in the package came a lot of bad stuff, but consciously he chose to ignore it and pretend none of it exists.
To be fair, in some countries terrorism is terrifying because of the impact it can cause on the economy.
>News submissions from these geographically Asian areas of Russia and Turkey are only considered on topic if the news is pan-Russian/pan-Turkish (e.g. national politics, protests, major events) or if it is directly engaging another European nation
Merci d'avance
Most of the world was destroyed and became uninhabitable except the British Isles
You pointed out a Croatian news article, for wich you claimed that it says that we have bigger problems than you do
We've loaned those words from you - paradajz, palačinka, krafna (all singular)
I rarely see any other type of window
Class aptent taciti sociosqu ad litora torquent per conubia nostra, per inceptos himenaeos
She thought it's all artificial
I've heard you're a great bunch of lads
"'Ko se nije skrio, magarac je bio
I meant they execute hundreds of people every year
Well you probably made this to show how tall Croatian people are
How is France different
For example, I would never say "I'm in the water
Španska ves - Spanish village (Something foreign and not understandable)
That's why a lot of people are terrified to come here
\*looks at country flair\* ah of course
When smaller countries do not side into larger alliances, they tend to become prey for more powerful outsiders(like the ones in the video).
while ignoring that arming them will cost more then what our goverment tried to buy
Yes, but they're not used for leisure time.
At the other hand everyone from bosnia kinda is generally speaking a bosnian but "bosnian" splits into bosnian croat, bosniak and bosnian serb
idk everyone i know drinks tap water infact people usally by bottled water or a soda drink it and then when they are going somewhere they take the empty bottle and fill it with water from the tap
I like how the Croats have to adapt yet you let even more conservative middle easterners pour in.
[Yeah, kinda like when children from Vojvodina in Serbia watched cartoons dubbed in Croatian and then their parents complained that their kids were speaking Croatian] XD
nah nfkrz needs to make a video abou that
" To which Michaux replied: "Who is the police officer here
Because the money spend to house them, feed them, educate and take care of them cycles right back into the economy.
843 people living here
And part of my neighborhood is olde commie part
We are fine here but thanks for calling us shit.
Fun
To find out the gender of the word, we usually use "this" in place of an article (masculine: "ovaj stol" - "this desk", feminine: "ova polica" - "this shelf", neuter: "ovo ljeto" - "this summer")
sounds similar to **sušica**, our old word for tuberculosis
One of them is clearly a western spy knockoff, the question is which one.
I tend to use dots for decimals, simply because it's easy to confuse commas when listing numbers with decimals
It's been a while since I was in high so there's a fat chance at least something was added or removed, but aside from a whole bunch of Croatian stuff, some popular foreign stuff, in no particular order, are: Kafka's Transformation and the Trial, Poe's Murder in the Rue Morgue and Black Cat, Divine Comedy, the Decameron, Crime and Punishment, both Iliad and the Odyssey, Don Quijote, a bunch of Shakespeare's stuff including the popular Romeo and Juliet, Othello, and Hamlet, some Russian stuff like Gogol's the Overcoat and Dead Souls, Anna Karenina, A Hero of Out Time etc
1789 colorised
Russia is not big enough to have real global significance like the us does.
And we are big majority
I work in a larger city but live 40km away in a smaller one - it takes me about 25 minutes by car
Translation:
OP, post this to /r/PhotoshopBattles
Alhambra
Once people realize this, life (and especially politics) will become easier
> without approval from the state itself
That own a Dry Cleaner named Rabbit
Tehnička kultura - Technical education
The bland communist blocks as seen is [Eurotrip]
And almost nobody wants to be labeled as such :D
We learned both but basically after learning cursive kept using that
I am glad I lived in such a country
Yes, I realise that we are partly responsible for Serbia's poverty.
Everyone's shouting all the time
But its just called "tost" (toast)
I think girl was in question
Usually the ones who ask the ''How are you?'' question are the people close to you and they mean it when they ask it.
I usually tell that type of people "Let's switch jobs for a couple of weeks/months then, see how that works out
We have sun and we have mountains just an hour away, we have 3 different climates, depending on what you prefer
Vatican: the progressive capital of Europe
Thanks man
that's right
Sweden's unemployment rate was 6.3 percent in the third quarter, according to the statistics office.
and going down with no stairs is tricky af.
I do, but try to avoid it because it's disgusting how calorie-dense it is
Actually that's not true in the beginning they called themselves Daesh.
>Western countries didn't care about the lack of universal support for the declaration of independence and still accepted it
Rijeka - Fiume
Nat onli em aj ekstenzivli trejnd in anarmd kombet bat aj hev akses tu d intajr arsenal of d intarj Junajtd Stejts Marin Korps end aj vil juz it tu ful ikstent tu vajp jur mizrabl es of d fejs of d kontinent ju litl šit
Then I guess we are neighbors after all.
Then their education is subpar, because I would expect every country to cover WW2 in history class.
I love you too
who are the usual suspects for stuff like this?
No, "let's never change this stupid old election system because it's traditional" is the mentality that gave us Trump.
Language is just a dialect with an army
E.g. Ireland was the poor, uneducated and thus culturally backwards country for centuries
Usually for the underdog
Ukrainians wanted to move ahead before Trump relaxed sanctions on Russia, not saying Russians are innocent far from it but it was peaceful until a few weeks
They already built over 150 of them that is estimated, the number could be even higher.
The reality is, CHP is willing to work with anyone to topple AKP.
Since when do germans decide on the matters of EU ?
I’m gonna go with these:
The punk dudes were solid though
"Sto ljudi,sto čudi"
If you actually wanted to dodge paying taxes you would never, ever take your money out of your company anywhere in the EU
Quite frustrating that they could easily understand what we were saying in Croatian, but we could not understand a word they were saying.
Most of continental parts of Croatia speak German as 2nd or 3rd language and most of the coats speaks Italian
Funilly enough, the Czecch republic will always remain my favourite for exactly the same reason - the people
Each part of the country is (visually) different from another
Thank you u/Sir_Maukalot
Really
Because they just sink, some German products have a better cost/gain ratio, and these local producers were doing OK-ish in a small pond, but they couldn't compete in the bigger one.
There were only my parents and I, we all just called each other "you" and "him/her".
had no idea that Kumrovec was in Slovenia
If I were there I would have no idea if to go to hospital, how much anything would cost etc
In France, it is illegal to display Nazi flags, uniforms and insignia in public, unless for the purpose of a historical film, show, filmmaking or spectacle
We had all of them at home and had a schedule for that day of which subjects we had (7-8 subjects per day) and carried books and notebooks for them that day to school
you could argue that Yugoslavia was the same like if Sweden, Denmark and Norway became a country called Nordgermania and Sweden started to push Swedish as the official language, changing the spelling and grammar of Danish and Norwegian to be more like Swedish.
Funny how no matter how much one has, them always seeks for more
Fucking biblical, mate
I think there's a difference in saying: "I'm sorry I killed 3 soldiers" and "I'm sorry those 3 soldiers were killed".
And to add to that; a lot of Serbs never say that they are Serbs nowadays; so there's probably more (I mean hey, I'm one lol)
Slovenian coastline finally expands from 2 km into 3
( Is it just the sending of people to the Gulag
Yeah like they are just dialects of it
It is completely overrun by tourists and has lost it's charm because every single local resident has moved out of the old houses just for airbnb/hostels
It's right next to the Balkan mountain range in Bulgaria
Shh, you're gonna trigger the marxists.
Desperate masses would group on the border so there would have to be some sort of wall.
Because I can imagine that the hardest part of it would be avoiding the Yugoslav navy patrol
Nowdays it looks even better because of tall trees
There's so much to do
Ew, no
While "slušam" has the same meaning in Croatian, if you use it when answering the phone the meaning would be more like "ok, what did you mess/fuck up now
Where can I buy it
I once went to school and a fox was walking with me for a good 100 meters
I am always astounded when I see a slovene person (usually football players/coaches or singers) speaking more or less perfect croatian with journalists
*sits in the corner awkwardly*
Dubrovnik as an independent city-state at a time
Also, we have slight difference between "č" (hard "ch" sound) and "ć" (soft "ch" sound)
And the fact I never felt unsafe
This is the gravest insult to the czechs i have ever witnessed
What I see difference in young people that we(?!) don't do shots, it is mostly relaxed, wine and beer, but after three anything goes
...I'd like to take this opportunity to compliment you on your fine beard.
000 languages
not all of us coastal ppl are shitting in the garbage
As a serbo-croatian speaker, that was surprisingly easy to translate
Would rather be under them than under any colonial empire
Because I am not forfeiting my point from the get-go, or rather, because I even dared to discuss it, you've proclaimed not only me, but **the whole of people of Croatia** to be barbarians (that is what the ending of their (u/mmedepompadour) comment aabove says in Croatian: "zbog ovakvih stvari ljudi misle da su hrvati divljaci")
- *Boli me dupe - My butt hurts*
Gibonni-Libar
Plus, languages rarely have both sounds as phonemes, I know only of Dutch, so using v instead of ʋ is rather convenient for "loose" phonetic transcription.
Ottoman Empire
Let's go Cockta
My father is currently in Bosnia (Posavina) and they have
But she's a hypocrite, she kisses with Andrzej Duda 3 times without any hesitation.
Plus I think Vučić has a hard on for authoritarianism anyways
I mean, Microsoft ditched Windows Phone (and Windows 10 Mobile) because it was a disaster and decided to stick with Android
All have the same meaning in Croatian, except footing
Funny, there is also a story that a saying exists from 30 years war that goes along these lines "God save us from plague, famine and Croats", according to some it was engraved somewhere in Aachen after the sacking of Magdeburg
Could be, long haired teen here
But Buga actually is a women's name today
Exactly, people commit suicides, crimes of passion or make stupid mistakes (we had a few instances where children got a hold of their fathers gun and killed someone while playing).
But it didn't fart in the right direction.
It's quite beautiful
And there was this one room full of skulls, for some reason.
Aliquam viverra tristique auctor
Never didn't think that will this be so fun, but and difficult
Fallout and Call of Duty provide far too little immersion for me.
Our politician Ivan Pernar agreed to do an AMA on /r/croatia.
Neither am I directly affected
Basically, if you find an abandoned infant, since you have no way of knowing the parents the child risks being stateless so in order to prevent that it's given citizenship based on jus soli.
Thanks for the article
Harboring hungarian king Bela IV during Mongolian invasions and obtaining Golden Bull for it, establishing it as a Free royal city in 1242
We both know that this is not going to happen.
Do law makers understand that those kids had whole lives ahead of them
My new wallpaper
That tells me their politics are a joke, just like in croatia which, again, i wanna escape from
Your argument is just mocking its look, wjo would have taught
And after that played victim card that they were forced "ethnically cleaned" out of Croatia )
But you equating cigarettes with heroin is the same as equating them with water, fucking ridiculous
Can't find more information on a quick search, like for example the countries' ranking in a list, or the methodology they used, like explaining why any region/country has more or less "toxicity".
It is such an ugly name
(oil consumption per capita of sweden is 3x of albania)
At least Benedict Arnold's treachery was him flipping a bird at the people that fucked him over
It's cute , almost nobody calls us Hrvatska.
Also Serbian, Bosnian and Montenegrin.
Da su snijezi, već bi okopnuli
I live in croatia, one of the smallest european countries and 30 minute up to 1 hour drive to work is pretty normal
Every year there's Home Alone on TV
Seems like a fair compromise between the so-called purity/barbarism of people who use č and ć, or lack the ć.
Can confirm - I love milk
Well like half of the population of Croatia has either emigrated to Ireland or is planning to, so yes, Ireland is Balkan
I'm just sticking blindly to the question until the OP clarifies
Pssst, hey
I went to university in a town 40km away, but I didn't move, I traveled by bus and train.
One thing was common, though
it's a song by Plavi Orkestar, Yugoslavia 1980's pop-rock band from Sarajevo.
Many places (Croatia included) just use it as you use toilet
Tbh I'm not all that happy with the name either >.<
Start with Serbian, trust me, it is easier
Gemischt
So, does this cover Google Maps navigation
Pain
Pretty hard, I would say almost impossible for non-Slavs
EDIT: Here they are: \[Desktop\] ([
When I watched American shows and movies as a kid and the characters got locked out of their house or car I always found it so confusing lol, I've never had a door like that in my life
I've already seen it, but thank you
No, especially because we were neutral during the last one so it didn't have much of an impact on us
Can confirm
Artyom
you are doing the same thing serbs tried in croatia
Louis XIV is Luj XIV
It is mostly used in close settinhs, on green market etc
Also, what I noticed after moving abroad is that a lot of girls in Croatia don't wear that much makeup at all
It's a protest to get the government to do something
Mexico wasn't ever included in Austria Hungary, the monarchs of the two countries were just brothers.
Apparently *some* hydro power counts as renewable, but most doesn't.
I don't like the temperatures over 20 degrees Celsius.
Same goes for pretty much everything except some highly specific things which is probably 0.1% of the workforce.
1 vs 80 doesn't look exactly right for "Sharia law" to me.
Which is a stew made out of animal stomachs
i mostly remember being frustrated not so much with the number of cases, but their specificity and weird ways to translate them in english
I think it’s fun how there are Croats who emigrated to New Zealand in 19th century and married and had children with women of Maori descent
Croatia is a country full of various foreign influences so its hard to pick one
Eather in Croatia, we consider it a normal thing to do
Yes, that is correct
If you viewed it from an american perspective he would be Croatian, because he was born in Croatia and Americans use [jus soli] But why does it matter to you where he came from?
It isn't just the "criminals" who kill with guns.
In his Etymological dictionary he derives it from Turčin (Turk) - it also corresponds with the English name for the animal - and it also explains the reason why tuka can be used as a derogatory word (meaning stupid person, mostly used for females) - while puran/pura or purica cannot - because Slavs didn't show love for Turks (Ottomans) in the past.
Any sane Croat hates Pavelic
Thats the Slavic world for Gypsies.
We'd just go on business as usual except the EU institutions would have more powers
o=about
Oh I understand completely
You have a morbid sense of humor
there's Greece without any Schengen land neighbours
Make Ely an island again
I think officially there is no line in regular letters
But Croatian has 3 dialects,the first one shtokavian is the official language  (more-less tho it still has some words and style of speaking that aren't in the official language) spoken in the east and south(those subdialects are also different) , second one is kajkavian mostly Croatian-Slovenian but unintelligible sometimes too,it has its own words and speech accents and it is mostly spoken in northern/central Croatia
if i remember, NY first fire brigade was private and i saw story where they were arranging price for puting out fire while the house was on fire
Sorry but I don't see anything in your link to prove different from what I said
"[Bring] [rakija] rakija over here, for there is no solace in water
Yes, in first semester of first grade, maybe the entire first year depending how close to the school they live, they get escorted by parent, but then you're on your own
Pope John Paul II
Joke aside everyone agrees Slovenians made a much more successful nation, all 10 of them together.
big NoNo for god-fearing people of Catholic Republic of Croatia
Depends from the situation
The elections and the anti-lukashenko protests were mentioned, along with short background on him and how results are questionable
Copying Germans since 1438
Nulla semper sollicitudin erat, ut dapibus est efficitur vitae
kukac - bug
Nah it's like I hear a jumble of words, and then I hear something that I clearly understand like 100% then some words that just sound weird and then again a jumble.
- *Svejedno mi je - It's all the same to me*
TBH, after reading the thread title, even before loading the comments, I expected this to be the top answer
"The sated man does not believe the starving one" Denying the severity of the troubles of those less fortunate than us
Every single party in Croatia is a really weird joke
Oh well, as our goverment shows us everytime after elections: it could be worse.
/r/europe has posts on top of r/all all the time, this is nothing new
>*Jet-black sinister architecture*
Would the men's butts unclench?
For example: - Martinović, Vuletić, Josipović...
Croatia is pretty culturally diverse for such a small country but Istria is percieved as the most different one
Talking about dictatorships is by far the favorite topic whenever any elections are nearby
[obligatory Super Mario Theme, made in Bulgaria]
I will never understand that meme.
Guy is an idiot
I'm assuming there would be much less negative talk about unions and minimum wages
It is basic declension
in istria, croatia we call jeans "rifle" but not rifle, as you'd read it in english, it's pronounced as it's written so you'd pronounce it "ree-fle" (fle part as in souffle)
- **time/weather** > vr*e*me (serbian) - vr*ije*me (croatian
Well, the assault on Vukovar definitely is.
Saying that Ustasa ideology is in any way, shape or form influencing Croatia now (or that it was present as a majority movement during the 90's) is not only factually incorrect but a damned and very malicious lie
You can see it in many different areas of life, not just drinking
That must be very beneficial to GDP per capita.
happy croat-slovene noises
It's a combination of jedan (one) and stav (stance, attitude, posture, opinion).
I got:
> An erotic drama about a youthful bride-to-be who takes a holiday to Yugoslavia with a cynical and evil lesbian film critic (and murderess) that leads to debauchery, degradation with a dwarf, a dinner with naked entertainers and other highlights
Order changing is usually used to emphasize something
Hm, let's see
- croatia
Pulling population numbers from laws of other countries makes no sense because of different context.
wait, none of you could swim and you went on a dinghy in the deep
This is the first article of the constitution, but before the first article we have a preamble that talks about the historical fundations for a sovereign Croatian state
Tbh to me it looks like a counter-attack at Luxembourg bragging, that tiny red spot in the west just stands out :P
I find that "you're Balkan mate, no sense denying it" and "aren't you alpine Croats" are more effective.
Spelling and pronunciation inconsistencies suck, though
Believe it or not
I will never let people distort the truth of the wars in the 90s and pretend Serbian atrocities didnt' happen or pretend that someone who killed people but now claims he's all changed(*cough* some serbian politicians today), but I would never, in a million years, kill or have anything against people who had nothing to do with it just because they were Serbian.
I honestly can't help but feel more than a little bit bitter with how some people in modern Croatia dare to try to claim Tesla as one of their own.
PLC was what is Russia today, but without equivalent for nukes.
Was or still is
Didn't met lot of Slovenians, but those who are know are ok people and the girls are very pretty.
Zagreb: The capital, the place where a quarter of the population and a third of the country's wealth is located
Is it likely that NI will be able to stay on it's own feet anytime soon ?
Sure, there were plenty of warmongers in all european countries at the time, but the alliance system wasn’t as entrenched or unchanging as we seem to think today (likely influenced by bloc politics of the Cold War), and the warmongers had many, many opponents in government in all countries as well
I don't know how I missed it
Also, if you break down her argument, it sounds like it comes from an English person's perspective rather than a Scottish person's considering Scotland voted in favour of remaining in the EU
Stay careful
(gold, sun,?honestly idk the translation, it's just a word, love)
Prejudices and presumptiveness are just that
Why would you state such a thing?
There was even a private sector
Bulja ( sleng ) means head in Croatia, but ass in Serbia
WWI is only seemingly inevitable with hindsight
We use MS Teams, but we don't have lessons
The honorable mention -  **Osijek** (100 000), the only real city in eastern Croatia
Can't hear you over the sound of our 10 medals from the 2016 Olympics!
And they remembered when Yugoslavia was falling apart
Fuck that
Which one is about wars and fights
Yes,if you vote leave that means no more midget porn for you
She got bored of looking at Athens every day for hundreds of years and wanted a change of scenery so she went on holiday
Anti social behavior in general is more prevalent/normal in the UK/IRE than on the mainland, same with the drinking and the consequences of drinking
West Croats I would say they are central as well
It's the year 2452
087
People that make fake news about a serious matter like this should be held responsible...
Start a blog or a YouTube channel.
But some region with low crime rate.
You have your own politicians to blame for that
That is 1,460 days and he has made so much chaos in first ten.
Guglao sam sta je, za pocetak, al sad se ne mogu sjetit kako mi to zovemo
We have local elections in a couple of months and I haven't decided yet who I am going to vote for in the first round, but I know I will be voting against the current mayor of Zagreb in the second round.
Maybe you can dream up a scenario where it is better but making it's easy to fantasize and hard to make things work perfectly
And my fathers, fathers, [father] .
What a moron, siding yourself with terrorists...
"Ici, c'est Pepsi'm"
Also don't know, but I doubt it happened overnight
And if/when the industry comes back, it will be automated and they'll still be out of a job.
For clarification it was a hot day and the Celsius meter went over the scale
Aj em trejnd in gorila vorfer end ajm d top snajpr in d intajr JUES armd forss
Politically, it is not wise to label yourself as yugo-nostalgic
u is in instead of v (unless you're kajkavian), from is iz so not a one letter word, o is the same near is not a one letter word here
the only random thing i know about danish is your insane way of counting
And the problem is that Euro needs to stay the same, so when it comes to Greece more and more money is being poured into into a sieve basically.
Italy alone has more than that.
In Croatian it would make sense because we call trees with leaves that don't fall off **crnogorica**, *crno* meaning black.
This [ugly] thing that destroyed the baroque architecture around it
Croatia
Mountain bike, because paths here can be shitty, and if you're downtown, cobblestone streets are not comfortable for a bike without suspension
The first thing that comes to mind is size but also population and maybe territory, but i'm not sure about the last one
You lot always blame it on alcohol whenever I try and speak to you about it, but in reality its the arrogance and thinking that you are better than the continent
Scotland can use it too if really necessary
000 inhabitants) even lower than Croatia (1,10)
Plus, there were *loads* of people shopping, on early morning Sunday.
The hottest temperature I could find in Europe were Paris, France at 35 and Dubrovnik, Croatia at 34
I dont really care since i work in stem research so we dont follow 7 day schedule anyway
[Here is some footage] that I always found disturbing, but it best demonstrates not just the destruction of the city, but the civilians killed and thousands forced into exile at gunpoint
Especially around the 10th and 16th district.
For Croatia I think the first one would be back in the middle ages when king Tomislav united the Croatian people from the coast with the people inland(lower Pannonia)
German i would say at least here because a lot of people go work in Germany . But other than that maybe Russian for eastern Europe
So was Western Europe few decades ago.
Obviously the list reads like an advert for men who'd like to go back to the "good old days", but even these "old days" are something you'll sooner find in a typical western country (fantasy) in the first half of 20th century, instead of here.
People get fined and arrested when practicing this shit.
Some buildings were damaged in the town center, top of the church was destroyed and I heard a 15 year old boy died
No, because rarely anyone wants to go to prison.
Poland’s Rising Leadership Position
It isn't exactly strange but it was exotic so to say
Some of those temperatures seem way too low for Arizona
You're not joking:
Other disaster is the Dubrovnik earthquake in the  16th century maybe, which as earthquakes do destroyed a bunch of stuff and killed some people
Yay
The price of your sanity when they casually announce train is late hour and a half because *insert random reason*.
&#x200B;
Stay strong
Smugglers on their way to Italy.
This is not included in EUrail pass, so if you don't buy and train is full (and everybody else has reservations) you will have to stand.
They were and still are just a restaurant there
Except you wouldn't be alive for long if you were one of multitude of subhuman groups or against the system or happened to be born with a deformity or liked men more than women.
Vestibulum sed lacinia felis
Patty near an american
But what is the difference between a nationalist and "regular" patriot?
Would this switch to 4 day work week imply that companies hire more workers, all of which work four days (in overlaping shifts) to keep their 5 day/week levels production or is the "new" day considered weekend and company shouldnt operate if its not necessary
While most people don't skip breakfast, the rest is the norm in the Balkans at least AFAIK
But Kosovo is Serbia, no
It doesn't mean I'm right, nor does it mean that I'm wrong
Sad if you identify yourself with some wwii faction, especially notorious one.
He lacks basic manners
Germany has been trying to get more business to Frankfurt for ages and this whole Brexit thing is a gift to them.
Can we see "Net Average Monthly living costs in Europe (€)"
Vjeverica
i actually love how NPR handled it
Paris is almost 6 times smaller yet has more than double the population.
Finding out that a bunch of our politicians copied their final project and having no repercussions.
But either way, i'm not bashing them, they are loud and thats a fact
I'd still say Slovenia is more brotherly than Austria, if only because they're fellow Catholic Slavs who were also under Austrian rule and influence AND the fact that unlike most neighboring states in Europe, we've never had an armed conflict, at worst we bicker about undefined borders and take the piss out of each other online
Yes
there's an option for 2 hours rental (or 4
Iceland has warmer winters then most of continental Europe.
Azithromycin
It was moved to Zagreb (yea, not Dubrovnik as many of my American friends would think)
Yeah, we have fanatics like that, too.
If they haven't done it then, I somehow doubt they'll do it once the next one hits ._.
And I'll never forget Americans basically accusing me of lying about my language
Azra-Balkan
It's not evil, it's a matter of opinion
Way to go
Say if they were independent, they'd likeley join the EU
They want more autonomy and be more noticed and special
Then we got various artificial and failed states which were one step away from fascism, until they joined or were taken by Nazis, and oh boy was it great time to be alive.
Jao, uskocio si ispred mene
With today's media, its hard to judge what will really happen
ZG80, Metastaze
1 in Zagreb
Nature since the first life
Apparently the Japanese are particularly crazy about him.
Huh, I've never thought about how you guys say it
In the end of the video there is a mistake, Magyars did not come from Siberia, but from the European part of the plains west of Ural.
Anything more than that is highly unusual
This is just bullshit lol
You sneaky bastard
If this kind of test was that important, you'd think every sword would be a two handed great sword.
And the water she uses is ice cold to me while it's lukewarm for her
Just look at Russia and Turkey :D
A decade and a lot of work with countries that didn't piss off half of the members by ending free movement.
Kids can go buy cigarettes in stores easily, noone will do anything about it
What a coincidence that the numbers exploded with the protests
I would lay on the tiles of my floor in order to get cooled down by them, and then I'd eventually fall asleep after like 30 minutes or an hour of trying to accept the heat
If this were to happen in India, the ambulance would get nowhere lol
You have ones with bars protruding not only into the side walls, but also into the ceiling and the floor
Russia is actively targeting civilians
But companies were - since 1950 - created as a worker co-ops where a manager had to manage along with the worker's councils
even people from the south (where the standardized language comes from) and the capital have things to nake fun of about their accents
Douce Dame Jolie, arguably the most famous European song from the medieval period
"Croats eate children"
If the EU passes a law "all countries whose name rhymes with "Pwickerland" must now pay every other country 1 billion euro each, and also accept the unemployed 20% of spain's population into their social system", we can say lol no fuck you.
Makes you feel nostalgic for places and environments you have never actually been to.
Rails, rails, rails, rails
I think this is something a lot of people in our countries would agree is true
They are looking at what western Europe is doing to itself with horror.
>“Look, having nuclear — my uncle was a great professor and scientist and engineer, Dr
Hahahahaha
From my point of view, in Croatia it is Plitvice lakes
That is a misleading issue that comes from studies analyzing depigmentation genes.
Northern Croats have a very Slovenian style dialect
Same here in Varaždin
I think girl was in question
Are you sure you haven't already taken over?
Don't worry, it was and is all nice, I like Slovenia
č/ć are easy if you are not an idiot
Average for Europe is 177,6 cm, the rest is usually below that.
The problem is that if the new referendum goes like this the losing side cam ask for another one with equal right
Its almost funny, but its very annoying/enraging
If you make a loophole, people will abuse it.
* Cod wars
Croatian intellectuals had the similiar liberal wishes like Hungarian ones except that they were less decisive to declare ouright independence and Hungarian nationalism was seen as bigger threat
Personally Croatia should be split in three parts
i hanged more than few paintings with just a nail in a brick wall and if a painting is too heavy for that chances are it will be too heavy for the drywall as well so you'll have to use your dubel on both
Western main media rarely writes anything that can be seen as pro-russian
Yes, I know, I just thought that there are more Serbs in the other areas combined than in that patch.
I would say Slovenia, Bosnia, V4, Germany and Austria, those are our main clients in the summer and with some of them we share a lot of history.
Rip girls tho
I have seen this already but there is no proof of that, it could be a coincidence.
Yes and that's my pet peeve when it comes to it, it's less of a geographical denominator and has more to do with politics
[Through the glory of Veles of course.]
At the time, it was the fiercest and most protracted battle seen in Europe since 1945, and Vukovar was the first major European town to be entirely destroyed since the Second World War
And what’s difficult with buying or renting apartments that you need to learn in school
But this year we had an occurence  while I was at sea, where it didnt rain but it was thundering
Banking across borders is tricky at the best of times.
My sick mind tells me that term comes from Vesna, slavic goddess so you are calling them backwards villagers
Yeah, but dude, literally every black chick I ever met during the summer had a prettier face than the one that won.
&#x200B;
because that happened
We aim for proportional representation, you don't, we demand our executive receive a majority, you not only accept a plurality, but the reality that the candidate with fewer votes still won.
This is so awesome and civilized that I actually can't believe it ...
But, the *full* name for it officially is: **Sveto rimsko carstvo njemačke narodnosti** - THE HOLY ROMAN EMPIRE OF THE GERMAN NATION
But there are d3finetly better places too like all the islands thet exist, Lika and Gorski Kotar mountains, Zadar is very nice and Šibemik too
not from the uk but that nigel guy seems like a dick
Indeed, abortion was allowed to women whose fetus was malformed, was the product of rape or incest, or if the mothers life was in danger.
Spain would veto **ONLY** if Scotland unilaterally declared independance.
atheism is the new norm
Some are pretty much nonexistent in modern times (Trpimir, Vojnomir etc
Slavonia: left to Germany a long time
Wonder if jealousy and jalousien have anything in common and why
Fuck man, and I thought he would have some class but I guess money can't buy that...
Correct
Well better that than garbage from Albania, which usually appears around this time of the year XD
Zagreb: incomers from Bosnia and Herzegovina
That is not multiculturalism, tho, it is multilateral international action
Who knows how much oil is hiding under there!
Did the same thing in Australia a while back
It was used during Yugoslavia and abandoned after independence as military shrunk
I mean, how do you see yourself exactly
Sretno
Wouldn't the pineapple on pizza piss off Italians even more?
Really
American living in Croatia, showing mainly the diferrences between USA nad Croatia/Balkans - [
Your mistake was giving them that choice by losing the war
You can google this and you have many scientific papers about it
We kicked je/e it's just "drvo" here hahah
Cars with ZG plates when derby is being played end up damaged
What he has done
I've heard of this before, but can you give a video/audio example or something
Sharpen your knives roman army veteran and let's dance
And its not like we dont have a history with idiotic monuments ourselves
Rest of slavic countries
Suprise, it's like russia has been ruled as mafia state with head capo and his lieutenants.
Few times I ordered them I realized I had made a mistake
Cevapi are roasted minced meat "fingers" put in a lepinja (like a flat bread) often served with onions and ajvar
Legendary DC-3 followed by Croatian Pilatus PC-9 trainers flying over Zadar
The optimal solution for Scotland in the short term is to demand the N. Ireland deal
Oh look,it's fucking nowhere
Well personally, i thing that something big is gonna happen i future in Balkans again
Burgenland, Banat, Molise, Patagonia and Pittsburgh
Even when we entered the EU it was sang in German at the celebration.
&#x200B;
Everytime I travel abroad, to western countries at least, I am absolutely shocked at how expensive your food is
I'm not sure if this is true or not :I
I'm in a member country of the EU and I'm not pro EU, if the sub was called EU I wouldn't be here but its called Europe so I am here
True
As I recall there was a time when leadership of Croatian Serbs rejected the proposal for a federation of a sort, which eventually had devastating effects for the population they represented.
Vestibulum sed lacinia felis
This fellow was quite literally on meds.
Ultimately, the big difference is that buybacks are just one more tool in the share price driven world to sacrifice long term stability for short term gains, where as divided stock is only worth a damn if it's consistent and anything that compromises long term viability is going to hurt the share price
Exactly
︎kvadrilijun (10^24 ) = Septillion
Samobor here, 15km away from Zagreb
If we have to break the law to help people, let’s do it!
Language schools are an option -- if you ever relocate to Zagreb you have [this] language school as well as [this one] Both are allegedly pretty good
If that's true then how could i found that city with boudicca to get the achievement
Objective news isn't possible, but this is objectively someone creating a false image.
Nobody in the UK cares that Ireland didn't take an active role - it didn't stop many Irish people from joining British armed forces either
On the plus side, with them we can travel and live in almost all countires in Europe
This is why you need a mandatory 10-15 years minimum without parole for government related corruption.
Expected to see Barcelona/Catalonia higher up if not at the top
Why would you ever aim for 50/50
100 kn normal restaurant meal for one (drink, fries, grilled meat, cake), food for a nice meal for 4 at home (meat potatoes, veggies)
The English are the Serbs, the Irish are the Bosnians, the Scots are the Croatians, the Welsh are the Slovenians and Cornwall is Macedonia
It works the other way too - if I get a call from a colleague while on day off or vacation, I expect it will be something serious enough to warrant a call, so I mentally prepare for the shitstorm and answer
nothing more
You would not be invited next time if you didn't share while bringing nothing is usually ok
Glad to me that I found croatians in thread
I'm not saying it's not possible, indeed it is
I actually discussed this with my professor in clinical psychology course, and a terrorist doesn't necessarily have to be mentally ill to kill people.
jokes aside it's funny to me how that corridor would "correct" division from 9th century
Yes we are more than happy to steal anything given the good enough chance, and yes ww2 still hasn't ended for us apparently
I heard that I'm supposed to grab my pitchfork in situations like this one <.<
I'll give you fingerprinting, but all of South America has Vucetich's system of fingerprints classification
48% voted remain and at least some of the remaining 52% were just trying to stick it to Cameron and succeeded.
\*reads\* that doesn't sound right
last trip was to scotland so we can deal with cold and rainy
But either way, i'm not bashing them, they are loud and thats a fact
Wait
Boring
I love it when people that never came close to my country start telling me about how was it to live in it and what it was
These settlers tend to be extremists in their beliefs.
Hello there Latvian
Balkan, definetly Balkan here in eastern Croatia(Slavonia)
Germans are so weird
I think it mostly comes from such names being "long" when compared to most names that are popular now, or still popular such as Luka, Filip, Marko, Tin, Leo, Ivan
handjobs are standard cheap/poor translations for any hand made stuffs (souvenirs, food, items, jewelery
This is the answer
Why would anyone lease their nuclear deterrent?
Wrong for Croatia, I never heard someone say that
The problem is that if the new referendum goes like this the losing side cam ask for another one with equal right
Or wait a few years to see the effects of legalization in Ohio (on public health, economy, etc.) and if the effects are positive, legalize it.
I just barely found an old clip, and my bad, Mr Krabs seems to have a Dalmatian *inland* accent, but that trope works as well because it is the home of stereotypical greasy "businessmen", it would be shtokavian although spongebob is definitely kajkavian
It's not that hard for these people to learn English
I think it should've been 28/13 but they typed all numbers in the upper row so the system put 10 as a default down
The "opposite" of the term is "bodul", someone from the islands, but I've never heard it used as an insult, almost always proudly with self-identification, except a few people who insinuated that all islanders are communists, which, uh
As an aside, we realy realy like H (country is named Hrvatska)
We have streets named after a poet whose surname was Gervais
They say that launching and landing system on this Russian carrier is quite obsolete.
I mean the Home guard was a collaborationist militia controlled by the Germans
This is just sad
Northern Croatia was hit by a 5
-Josip Jelacic,leader of the movement against Hungarians
Yup pretty much what I've found over the years
Seriously, what's up with that?
Long rifles are only present during some barricades, armed prsuits etc
I am just here trying to talk about my point of view, calm down
Well eastern Slavonia around Vukovar and Vukovar itself is a breathing ground for nationalists but other parts of Slavonia are mostly ok except maybe a few places like Voćin or some parts of Baranja
IMO the biggest problem of the defence cuts has been the hollowing out of europe's navies.
One of the most magical views ever
In other hand, on Mapillary, the free as in freedom data alternative to Google Streetview, they have loads of imagery:
How do you stand when it comes to potential - wind, solar, biomass?
They are the ones climbing mountains in flipflops, drifting away on inflateable matresses etc
So it might be similar in German.
True, but you should not be able to prosecute people on **implied** intention, that is a mere one step afar from insane notions like thought crime.
figures
Either Albanian, Montenegrin or Italian mafia.
But for really archaic names, pretty much nonexistent in circulation, one must simply look at the catholic calendar with patron saints and pick one (Eleuterije, Krescencije)
Same as any other communist dictator.
It really will be *special* with our mig-21s.
Well perhaps not to you, I for one don't enjoy my identity being the butt of every joke and the general synonym for everything negative
Im from Croatia and this seems like a fun thing to see this summer
But just going off my impression, I'd say that a way bigger proportion of the women in our fandom is on Tumblr, Facebook or even various fanfic sites.
We should get some sand on the left coast and reshape it a bit so the sides are more parallel.
No, no, I mean - they've been neutral for centuries.
His father worked in Austria because he was not able to get a job outside of a city because he was supposed to do farm work on the countryside and so on.
One of the worst things in the world is when i have to get up before 7 to go to work and then i step outside, snow everywhere, still dark, and i have to clean my fucking car
Also, I despise this [building
There's so much to do
Googling them and then liking all of their photos in a swim suit on instagram and facebook would truly be a real power move
Yeah when you work in a store that sells those kinds of things exclusively you should get a basic training on it
Its a awsome cartoon it was translated in croatian
Lol painting Hungary in red as other countries
Betrayal by who
Also, this probably wasn't most developed part of Poland, since it was rather poor part of Austria-Hungary, with strong rural traditions.
Pretty much the weather inversly correlates with covid
Not because i'm partying like crazy but because i used to spend too much time on my computer
I live in Germany and the local Bäckerei Haferkamp which seems to have a monopoly there is shit and super expensive
It is very overpriced I agree but Dubrovnik definetly has something to stand out for
Wasn't subway meal deal 6-6
Society does not force people to smoke tho we just have easy access so a lot of people smoke
In Croatian we say Budimpešta for Budapest and as you can assume the letter "š" is pronounced as "sh"
USA do not exterminate local population.
Isn't ayran just
Don't bother, there isn't one
The point of a defensive system is to buy time.
Some places still pronounce č and ć like you, but on the far extreme of the spectrum are some Dalmatian islands which pronounce ć as tj, č as ć, and č as you know it doesn't even exist
I've never seen a positive article on b92 about Croatia on any of those topics.
This isn't a tech company helping a totalitarian regime or even a clothing company using their cheap labor
the only one that comes to mind is kukac(bug) where if you turn the second k into an r you get kurac(dick)
I called him and he said that he and his dog are fine, but his living room is full of debris, as the roof above it collapsed
It's that or a stinky alley
Watched the video and thought "Rivendell
To save 50
I said grown ass men, not kids
"Maćij kašalj" translates to "A cats cough" means "A piece of cake"
You get all the content in plain text if you don't agree to the terms
I cant even enter my living room at day time without getting stung
It is very important for your social and professional life and is a must-do for local businessmen, public servants, managers and so on
The money from EU funds is almost irrelevant in the big picture.
In most cases it's pretty similar to Western Europe (at least Central) but everything is cheaper, especially *booze* so you can have plenty of fuel for partying.
Gonna honk my Dacia first thing in the morning.
Its not like they said they support NDH or Nazi Germany but they turn a blind eye on revisionism.
not sure if joking
When i was in elementary school our geography teacher even taught us that we share a maritime border with Italy but still a border
As a serbo-croatian speaker, that was surprisingly easy to translate
That is just a though; I've just gone to the store, Lidl, and Goddamn the toilet paper was all sold out
You don't go for maximum human casualties and total destruction (i.e.
He said that this day marks the turning point of the Ottoman expansion.
I think this where you can use the phrase ''stupid americans''
Probably the bigger towns on the coast like Split, Trogir and especially Dubrovnik
Oh look
And there's a reason why you eventually did join Germany
I was born and live in the country's capital Zagreb which hasn't really experienced a decrease of population but rather a small slow growth
There was barely a mention of the match you did play
With this much inequality things can't go well if we want to stay united.
I prefer ducks and turkey
don't give me hope /s
And now we are bittering at each other.
In addition, when herd immunity breaks down there is a higher chance of virus mutating (because it reproduces drastically more)
(If anyone has links, share?) From what I hear, some of the local producers have a gain from the opened market, but others don't.
Imo it would have to be the party of Ivan Pernar (SIP - Stranka Ivana Pernara)
It's essential in my household
We have that saying here too and you can hear it all the time
In my opinion  U boj U boj by Ivan Zajc (iirc)
To me Hugh Grant and Robert Pattinson absolutely scream English
it's for the light during the 6-month winter :)
At least give them Štarks Best Wishes or something.
The title «Velika Srbija» (Greater Serbia) was meant to express the author's dismay at the prospect of expansion of the Serbian state without social and cultural reforms as well as possible ethnic confrontation with neighboring nations, from Croats to Bulgarians.
More weapons closer to their borders!
>Vukovar was defended by around 1,800 lightly armed soldiers of the Croatian National Guard (ZNG) and civilian volunteers, against as many as 36,000 JNA soldiers and Serb paramilitaries equipped with heavy armour and artillery
I dont know doomsday scenarios but its more of better to have it things and not need it then need it but not having it.
The way words are pronounced (each letter makes the same sound everytime) makes this impossible to happen
(Jokes aside, ofc comics like this will have exaggerations.)
The biggest company in Croatia - Agrokor, became too indebted and couldn't service its debts
Was it weird for you
German
Check the list please before you talk out of your bum hole
because close ties to russia is something that resonates well witrh some people here and that is what they care for.
But in countries like Spain (and much of Europe) it is considering ethnic minorities are native to the region and/or settled there in large numbers and kept their identity in a noticeable way
Sorry for coming off too pushy/aggressive .
But what about tariffs for other EU states on your own stuff
Liechtenstein is pretty neutral with us along with Andorra, Monaco has some of our sportsmen living there and Liberland is a joke, it doesn't exist
I don't really care what people say is true or is not at the moment since just like in any war the truth will likely come out once the situation has settled since the populace will not have to be manipulated to support their governments.
it was worse because they had to sue for peace and only got a sliver of territory, and it made hitler think the ussr was a joke thus strengthening his idea to invade it which as we know backfired horrifically
"'Ko se nije skrio, magarac je bio
Bosnia yes, but not Croatia
And a written explanation lol
Dr Helmut Kentler, a sex researcher, believed he was giving Berlin’s troubled teens a social anchor while giving paedophiles a chance to become caring foster parents.
At least for me while growing up, I would hear so many tales about fairies
Croatian and Italian waters touch in the north; that's why Slovenia wants a "corridor" to international waters.
Gothic architecture is from the middle ages and this was built at the end of the 19th century
Yeah
[obligatory Super Mario Theme, made in Bulgaria]
Jebati se
Dude, you need to gain some muscle mass, Jesus.
Can confirm, yesterday had to do it at home
There was a way to transfer it to another person, but I don't remember how it worked
I believe the whole east of the country is often overlooked with cities like Varaždin and Osijek with rich history and interesting facts
Stuff like Milorad and stojadin
Nationalism is closely linked to fascism and irredentism
>15 year old boy died
I would rether use Itallian "Croazia". It sound much nicer
I didn't travel to another country to hang out with croats, i can do that back home
DO NOT let them
EDIT: Tbh Europe getting fucked up doesn't sound so bad after reading these comments
Poland the catholic brother, Albania the i dont get how were friends and Israel the country I wanna be friends with
I don't know why you are telling me this, I am just talking about my experience
I really doubt anyone with an actual functioning brain believes this to be a sign of generosity and not just a simple propaganda picture
( Moonshine, Moonshine, give us moonshine,
in Croatia you'll have to be careful not to go into minefields, not to piss off some war vet with AK-47 in his basement and watch out for hand grenades and rocket launcher people throw away.
Images:
Fox News: "200 Riot in Malmö, capital of Switzerland - MASSIVE CASUALTIES"
We are cheering for you as well
What are the needed reforms that this proposal addresses
Well their 12 years old son is implicated in some terroristy shit, I suppose it is reasonable to assume something might be wrong with parenting.
Nunc suscipit sagittis lectus, vitae pretium mauris semper ac
But, that leaves the question of why did the previous coat of arms start with first white field then
That's a big issue in our country, yeah.
And the commander told her: "Mando, dušo, **_zagrabi_** vode" (Manda, sweetheart, grab me some water)
It is written in an old Dubrovnik dialect, sometimes in German or Italian
There are still attempts to create Croatian words for loans, but unfortunately they end up ridiculed and noone takes them seriously
...and our "competent" politicians blocked them because of a dispute over schoolbooks ...
If your local bank is owned by Societe Generale, Unicredit, or whatever, the group usually has lower or even no fees when withdrawing from their ATMs no matter where they are in Europe
So in a nutshell, bosnian is what yugoslavian laguages was aimed to be
I really don't know why they think that will make young people read them more
I think French gets too much flack for this
Wasnt it legal in Yugoslavia
Anyways, that was NOT a good way to start the day
Greeks dream of having more territories they had hundreds or thousands of years ago
Živi i mrtvi, Broj 55
In a country just above 4 million population
Some states are like Sweden, but many states are similar to poorest EU members
Nationally it's probably 50-50, personally I've met plenty of both dog and cat people
They're very forgotten, but I wouldn't expect them to be very known because next to nothing is known about them
His pointing finger(index
It's not cold, but I wouldn't feel comfortable wearing only a hoodie
I'm pretty sure that a war will start because of it at some point
Yeah, it took me by surprise too
Shoulder, neck and upper back massage are fairly frequent and nothing sexual about them.
They just say what their voters want to hear.
Up to 1000000 Serbs already lives in the EU, and many of them still have a family in Serbia.
Bijelo Dugme
Seems like a bad deal
This way we're dependant on the visual interpretation
Doesn't stop them from screaming god is on their side every other sentence
They are both croatian coat of arms and I do not associate either one of them with fascists
I think some mod might be conspiring here.
This German deck is used heavily in the northern and north-eastern parts of Croatia, in order to play "Bela".
It evolved to something even worse
22° or so
Im actively antifa(far left) and do love Germany
Around 6 hours in school + travel time which is proximity 1+ hours each day (depending on where you live and what kind of school do you want to go)+ learning, a lot of learning, especially if you go to the gymnasium
The prize REALLY IS the friends we made along the way
We know, fellow Antemurale Christianitatis
I was sure that I'm going to die
Other events are probably in the 19th century with the Croatian(Illirian) rebirth period when our language,anthem and identity were re-established and of course 1848
You guys make it seem so easy, thanks for the nice clip.
I get 5GB LTE, 50mins of calls and 150 texts a month for €9, and every subsequent gigabyte is €1.3 which is more than enough for me plus the unused data/minutes/texts carry over to the next month - I usually end up spending 7-8gigs.
In the right circumstances, that can be a powerful stability-enhancing tool that can reinforce political moderation, and act as stronger barrier against authoritarianism than an elected head of state can be
At least Benedict Arnold's treachery was him flipping a bird at the people that fucked him over
So you are 100% right
We don't have classes in different languages, but learning German, French or English is mandatory
Absolutely packed to max
Disagree
* is on my TBR list for a long time now
They usually flock to places like Zrće so they're not that hard to avoid
Especially left/center smaller parties that got some seats in the parliament during these elections
It's a surprise to see people from Germany have a negative sentiment towards her
Is it so hard to do research in advance, especially in era of smartphones
This is also where "high Croatian" dialect is spoken the most and is official dialect of Croatia
In Bosnia there is no *burek with*, there is just *burek* and it's filled with meat.
Crna Gora however literally means Black Mountain ie Montenegro.
Erm, no, the entire coastline is quite habitable, especially during the Medieval Warm Period.
to je zapravo parada samo u Zagrebu, jer idu nekom rutom ne znam tocno kojom
Sorry but we need to expand our glorious empire.
It's normal to lock the door here
Tell that Greece and Turkey
Can someone explain me why is Breivik allowed to live in a 3-room cell with television, PC and gym
Eyes, Mouth, Ears and Nose
I feel like basque language would like to have a few words with you ;)
of maybe weather
* Dalmacija: laid back lazy people, but they go from 0-100 really quickly so shit can get intense (see Split)
When you say Slavic you can count Balkans out because germany is the light at the end of the tunnel for us
In addition to corruption and incompetence listed elsewhere, we have huge structural problems which aren't easy to solve.
Circumstances change people and nation's. Having a similar culture means that under similar circumstances, people will act in a similar fashion
I think it could be renewed with both classical and new contemporary buildings to make use for all central governemt needs
WE TAKE IT
If this were to happen in India, the ambulance would get nowhere lol
Cringe
Thanks bud
So authentic Romanian national communism was even worse than communism in full-on Soviet puppet states, like Czechoslovakia after 1968.
From Croatia
It isn't even matter of "belonging", more of pattern recognizing, and Slovenia just doesn't fit in Balkans.
You have to understand that freedom of speech does not mean freedom of consequences.
Made me curios to do more reading on my own.
The Kingdom of Croatia did not exist in reality under Hungary, it was disunited, it existed only on paper.
It really was
Maestral is a friendly, gentle wind, which helps you on the beach in the summer.
However I witnessed stabbing between albanians and croats if that counts
If said by a Croat that would most likely be due to recepient's righ-wing views
I have a hard time separating South african from english or australian
Our doctors here are so underpaid that it's not even worth it to go to a medical university
I suppose that is the case with Estonia too.
Quite litteraly, it would be nice if our people had some closure.
likely gone and they will be running a deficit.
You want some catholic approved rakija
The Serbian word "skot" on the other hand is pronounced the way Scottish people say *scottish* without the -ish
Aka; when the Habsburgs betrayed Croatia and sold us out.
I dont like either but some people favor Pavelic and some favor Tito so I included them both haha although people who love Tito hate Pavelic and vice versa
I think we do make a big deal out of it, just not that big
Imagine that arrogance
You got football fan gangs, immigrant smugglers, drug labs, muttualy hating nationalities
Its mainly greece and rome
Since it's not Constantinople, it ain't Ragusa either.
"Pula" is a vulgar word for "penis" here.
I would like to disagree but ...
It's been a while since I was in high so there's a fat chance at least something was added or removed, but aside from a whole bunch of Croatian stuff, some popular foreign stuff, in no particular order, are: Kafka's Transformation and the Trial, Poe's Murder in the Rue Morgue and Black Cat, Divine Comedy, the Decameron, Crime and Punishment, both Iliad and the Odyssey, Don Quijote, a bunch of Shakespeare's stuff including the popular Romeo and Juliet, Othello, and Hamlet, some Russian stuff like Gogol's the Overcoat and Dead Souls, Anna Karenina, A Hero of Out Time etc
I love how you always go over the top.
Cenitrist Poland grilling
I mean, you were part of the roman empire and a majority of your country is christian, sounds pretty european to me
This has Balkans written all over it
But most known is probably tie
To be honest, I would go to US just for salary increase
Eurotrip
So this guy is just waring a random helmet than?
Patty near an american
I had a vague impression of leukocytes being "the white cops in my blood" for the longest time :D
While turbofolk is hillbilly music, it is step above this modern whatever things
Books, TV and games for vocabulary
Suspendisse cursus libero ac pharetra malesuada
Trillion = trilijun
Who dislikes turks
Maybe I do, maybe I don't. What disturbs me is you only eating bread with something you can dip it in
(jk love you neighbours)
All that good stuff
I can't help but notice that my country wasn't insurrected and in flames by multiple different ethnic groups and political extremist groups in the past year, it's yours
And my fathers, fathers, [father] .
When it comes to Croatia (and Slovenia I guess), the Muslim part is green because when that question is asked we think about Bosniaks which are culturally almost the same as us
laka ti noc
Pula: Northernmost big-ish coastal city, presiding over the Istrian peninsula
On birthdays and special occasions (weddings, births, awards) you bring cake or pastries or even fingerfood for the office
Donec justo risus, rutrum at sem non, sagittis aliquet dolor
And a lot of Croats speaks in various dialects on daily bases which are far from standard form
Dražica
the point is that it's just a chocolate
Fellow Europeans, I want to thank you all for your contributions to each other (and us)
With 2-3 maybe even 4 times smaller salary in comparison to the Netherlands
Who's to say only pro EU Brits take the offer?
Women, children, local stray cats and dogs, a confused tourist, everyone
nah nfkrz needs to make a video abou that
No swimsuits were allowed
Cavoglave - patriotic song from Croatian homeland war with Serbia
"Aha game of thrones right
Špičkovina (Croatia)
She* is still fighting for her life
Phasellus interdum vulputate risus
Plus, I was suprised and pleased to hear how many people speak Croatian in Slovenia
Russia recognized(and sold weapons) Croatia before USA did, and Serbs blame USA, "latins", Vatican, etc, for the fall of Yugoslavia.
Totally inspires me to fight Ottomans, defend Belgrade, and kill count of Cilli for some reason.
Actually what is weird, in start we had pretty good relations with Serbs, we even helped (saved) them with their war against Simeon I, at that time we also had alliance with Byzantines
"Ružan ko Turčin" - "You are ugly like a Turk"
The problem is that we simply don't know what he will actually do.
You're the person who tried to suggest he could compare
I’m not kidding when I say that the biggest extreme nationalists tend to be expats or their children, longing for a magical perfect homeland that never existed in the first place
For example, the rate of mutual intelligibility between standard Croatian and Kaikavian is 40% and between standard Croatian and Čakavian it's 42%.
Pfff this shouldn't be on r/europe
Any proof
It's like the Deer Hunter scene except nobody is pulling the trigger.
BiH: Feed me more čevapi
"The tensions were enormous", "War was inevitable", "Both sides had plans to invade the other", "The world was a boiling kettle" etc
The thing is, in the moment, you are fuming, you are pissed at the punishment, you want to avoid it at all costs, but if you try and get people on your side to do away with it, who's going to care
Without the EU we would have the economic prospect of a stale cabbage.
I get that
I see
It was built during Yugoslavia, but it's co-owned, maintained and used to this day
Also fun fact some names of towns actually kept the name varos(town in Hungarian) in their names like Vukovar, Daruvar or Bjelovar(all having "var" in the end) and in Hungarian Diakovar is Đakovo
Yes, there are bad elements in every former Yugoslav country
If you find a pit, there is a reasonable chance there is a mass grave inside
Russians dont reach so much as americans do.
This is, without any hyperbole, some Stalin level shit.
Inland is full of former industrial towns where the single employing industry collapsed/bankrupted/left and/or war happened and now they are just depressing
Rijeka was the European capital of culture for 2020 and because of that and the EU the whole town is renovating
As for the region, inland Dalmatia, because it's stuck in the middle ages
The Germans were pretty surprised the only thing we mix is "gemischt" and that sparkling water with apple juice is actually pretty bad
The voters didn't give her any nonce or direction.
Finally in the middle of "EU something chart".
Its just slightly above the EU average in terms of violent crime
really interested if for "relashionship with Black person" would change if Carribean-black and African-black were different questions (atleast for the UK)
I'm fine with this redesign [i'm also currently living in Finland so this post is perfect]
Rare Odin amulet found on Lolland - Small golden disc was uncovered along with other treasures from the 6th century
I wonder
Mesanger is only reason I didnt deleted my account already
Yes it did, I believe it was even labeled as breaking news by a few (those consider everything breaking news) but it was only mentioned on the day that it happened unlike the NZ shooting which is still mentioned
Since when is writing bad things about Milosevic = Bashing Serbia in general ?
To je ono kada se pravi Čobanac.
My TV an PS4 fell from the shelf and are wrecked :( My gf jumped out of bed in 1 second
You can imagine my Montenigrin friend getting some very upset reactions from Croatian girls when he asked for a number so he can "turn them around".
Aluminium ones are also option, u til you hit head on the edge of one of them
I am now entering my last year of primary school (8th grade) And I will make sure my back is therally broken from work
That is the best I can explain haha
Nadam se da si sad među normalnijim, načitanijim ljudima
They say renovations will be completed this year for every year now
What a nice way to say soldiers got hammered
Yeah, it was a weird ordering, I thought it was originally by their endological (native) names, because 'Hrvatska' and 'Kroatien' are really close by (and I wasn't paying enough attention), but the last 3 totally confused me
Ok, who will win
And stop hiding crimes and statistics.
There are also mentions of Jesus in the Talmud
>Western countries didn't care about the lack of universal support for the declaration of independence and still accepted it
The airforce is better than any other in ex-yu.
Sretan Božić! :)
Yes, they do
Now we need even fewer people for that so let's make some beer and build nicer houses so we don't get sick as often and are more productive; use that productivity to make something new and on and on it goes
If I were there I would have no idea if to go to hospital, how much anything would cost etc
Btw, is there a site where I can see how common is each coin?
Id say first Yugoslavia was more stupid, like Stjepan Radić said "You are rushing like geese into a fog". First Yugoslavia ended up being really oppressive towards Croats, which led to dissent and rise of Ustasha regime, if we stayed out of Yugoslavia, Ustasha regime wouldn't get backed by so much people like it did, you have to understand at start that regime looked like freedom to many Croats because how oppressive first Yugoslavia was
Yes, ''Hrvatska'' is most likely not of Slavic origin, I've read that they might have copied the name from an Asian invader tribe to appear more dangerous.
And compared to this shit OP's picture is pinnacle of class and elegance.
Trains in my part of the country are shitty and extremely slow
Probably because unlike Croatia or Slovakia it mostly wasn't part of any Hungarian state
A+ for creating problems out of nowhere.
I mean if i'd have to make a list of regions and people slavonia would be somewhere near the bottom
"We're behind Romania now
While the private sector struggles and young ppl run away
So, he us not adored, but not hated either
I don't want to sound picky as I'm usually not, but if there's anything that I didn't like back home then it was the bread
That has more to do with countries than the Euro.
Ivan je došao do kavane kroz mračnu šumu, tek tada je shvatio da je zaboravio novac
In croatia its called Čovječe ne ljuti se and is enjoyed by people of all ages
While the numbers can be inflated, it is a fact that the Portuguese had complete naval supremacy over that entire region, they even wrecked the Mamluk and Ottoman fleets with ease.
Yea thats basically the main drink in Croatia as well
In Croatian:
We have different bags for everything but it all gets dumped on the same landfill so why bother
I don't know if I'm seeing things - looks like Iraq takes a bit of Iran, too?
That's funny because from what i heard Iliescu ( who spoke Russian and went to schools there ) and the Romanian revolution in 1989 was supported by the Soviets against Ceausescu who was the most anti-Soviet of all Warpac countries' leaders.
Flair checks out
Don't forget the communists in Istria
Croatia checking in
This type of shit happened in Yugoslavia mid to late 20th century
Vice city
Pretty nice
Stop spreading that myth pls ty
I often feel like I'm getting weirder looks from the people of my age than the people who grew up in the 80s or so
It is now forbidden to breed chinchillas for fur :)
EU armies are absolutely insignificant at the moment with no capability of deploying any forces even to Ukraine/Poland/Baltics wwithout US help which is sortof pathetic for a Union which constantly talks about being an economic powerhouse.
It is quite fascinating how many languages they usually speak.
The deal doesn't go threw because USA demands that israeli tehnology has to be taken out from the planes first (or something like that)
I will argue that SLovenian and Macedonian shouldn't be grouped here becasue they are a bit different, but these four are pretty much the same.
I'm a big fan of those poor guys
IMO r/europe should expand its sidemap eastwards to include the rest of Europe
If so, does that annoy you
For example:
I don't think anyone from Serbia or Croatia wants another war, it has ruined us so hard that it's hard for someone from Canada to understand it.
Dont forget the long reigning duke of nepotism, milan bandic
I want new pass
What you're saying are technicalities, the truth is if you haven't done that someone would be alive.
Yes, I am 16
I wouldn't say odd, but not a lot of people have it
ko pod drugim jamu kopa ima lopatu
Therefore, **ć** is a softer **č**, not a long **c** :P
Eh, as far as I can tell, it's just so that they can make Europe look worse.
Even most of government and cultural buildings are from 19th century
Mi smo isprva mislili da smo se usrećili s našim ljudima, koji su isprva djelovalo neobično sposobno
They just seem like a bad solution for inner city transportation.
So you feel you have the authority to discard my political beliefs in such a manner?
It might just be the case of not knowing what to comment in a situation like that
I don't think you'll see it after 4 or 5 in afternoon
You should sit down, it’s quite a long story
Is this part-time job enough to keep these women below the poverty line?
I know like three people that have a beard (and one of them is a celebrity)
Pretty much as you said
Started learning when I was 6, by the time I was 12 I could fully understand and decently speak, around 13-14 I would say I became fluent, and then when I was 15 I was at the point where I spoke more English than Croatian (my native language)
There should be more cross-states banks
The Balkans need to step it up
My wife and I used to go to a spa with saunas where most people wore just towels and some were naked
There are definitely more boring cities or towns in Croatia
Or both, honestly
> Germany and France are the biggest contributors
Maybe if you cleared your throat before speaking Germans might consider you closer to them
Also, [Ivana Brkic] looks nothing like a south/east European, or something that you would say is "basic" Croatian at first glance
* You don't know who is drinking and who is paying for it*. By the 1943
I recommend [Čudesna šuma] one of my favourites while growing up
But its more likely because Austrian border and Slovenian towns are closer to Zagreb then Split is to Zagreb
Circumstances change people and nation's. Having a similar culture means that under similar circumstances, people will act in a similar fashion
Coffee shops are open
> I don't understand the people that
It is terrible
Here it is basically free, only a small fee of around 40€ is paid at the beginning of the year if you pass all the subjects
And we're already semi-federal in many ways
Grad means town/city in Croatian, but I think it means castle in Slovenian.
We are not sure if Tomislav was ever crowned as king, but he was for sure recognised as one
Sed semper ipsum lectus, a interdum sapien porttitor nec
If you knew anything about Austrian banks in ex-Yugoslav countries you wouldn't say this .... hint, they were corrupt as fuck, just check Hypo Alpe Adria case
Swam across the Adriatic
If you defend someone blindly without doing research on their past, then you're a complete jackass.
This was a time before Google Maps, so for putting literal arrow signs between the Rialto Bridge and St.
You made a misstake live with it man up
I can read italian quite fine and understand spoken (at least when not spoken too fast)
No swimsuits were allowed
” Meaning “Be careful not to go, small as thou are, under the stars, man
Evil
I know what "šurjak" means (sister's husband), but I would literally never use it because I don't want to sound like a 70 year old grandpa
I really appreciate all this info in any case.
Nikad nisam čula za naziv "Norijada" niti da je to parada
Since before I existed
Imagine if the entire EU had a network like France
You can build a Trump wall there, if out of options.
And they are everywhere lol
Holy fuck what have we come to
Are we ignoring the fact of Milosevic war crimes in Kosovo
True but for the purpose of what he needs it's enough in my opinion.
In Zagreb, a common scam is a person approaching you pretending to be deaf and mute with a leaflet asking for donations
Took a look and i found for 368k i can buy a mansion with pool and wellnes that is  396 square meters
That's 10 hours
But the Croats don't want to separate.
Don't ask for an unbiased answer from me, I'm from Zagreb.
Why does my country get nothing like this
Jao, uskocio si ispred mene
You can see some scaffolding in the picture ... Zagreb started to repair buildings lately, but there are still a lot that are in pretty bad shape
~~ I believe that marriage should be the partnership of a man and a woman because such couples are capable of bearing children
We were forced to write in cursive
Croatian republic was established inside Socialist Yugoslavia during WW2 and it became independent in 1991
People enhibited the city of Vinkovci for 8000 years
383 bikes stolen in 2015
Not by a long shot
Also, a railway or metro can be a problem to build in centers of old towns because the streets are to small
You just observe how local people act and try to fit in, or at least not annoy people
Another comment mentioned that one of the main streets in Split, Croatia is named after the French general Auguste de Marmont and for some reason, even though it has declined, a town in Dalmatia called Imotski had a high rate of learning French in school instead of the usual German/Italian which is learned in Croatia because of the French roads that were built there
Not recognising Armenian genocide being one of them
I'd say presidents of USA and China are both more powerful.
Zovemo ih “Vatreni” s razlogom
However most people who were young in the 90s are still alive today.
Well if black face is not racially motivated, then there is no problem, I don't care if someone is offended even after being thaught that it was not made to be racist but due to depiction of demons
Our "nation-forming" party, HDZ, was and still is full of ex-Communist Party of Yugoslavia members
:( But allowed those from guardian and independent that was a call waker
Ah, I pulled out just the European countries, cause otherwise my comment would be even more unwieldy - 155 countries on the list.
For clarification it was a hot day and the Celsius meter went over the scale
Unfortunately, night clubs are also pushing cajke even here in Croatia
This already existed in the past in Yugoslavia.
In Hungarian, Croatian, Serbian and some other maybe, Vienna is called Becs/Beč/Беч and in Slovenian and Slovene as the other repoy said it is called Dunaj
They lost their neutrality the day they decided to change the tobleronne.
And its not like we dont have a history with idiotic monuments ourselves
And the US could have defeated Germany on their own
S obzirom da mi stara to ne radi, ne
Songs on English or in general?
Aside from that neckties, fountain pens, torpedos
915 is start of the kingdom right?
It denotes a person with parasitic tendencies, most commonly associated with bureaucracy, nepotism, pen pushers in public system and people who get everything in life by brandishing party membership card
2 vowels more than needed
We're actually influenced by all 3 South, Southeast and Central Europe depending on part of country
Don't get me wrong, there are many wonderful doctors, nurses and obstetricians, but more often than not when you ask women who gave birth about their expiriences, very few have nice words for personel.
It is not a good Idea to tease somebody from Ireland :D
NullPointerException
It's the same kind of bullshit only catered to a different audience.
In my experience, it's either "paradajz" (continental) or "pomidor" (coastal), "rajčica" is used only as an "official" word (y'know, the one nobody uses but those who must :) )
* So, during an event, a person wearing a "STAFF" shirt approached a girl and asked for her ID, she pulled out her wallet, as just as she took out her ID from her wallet, the fake staff member swiped her wallet and ran
Internet, social media, economic crisis, immigration crisis
Oh shit, where do i even start
I have a few of those
At this point, it's the most important matter of the century
Being in Personal union with Hungary
The fucking state of it all when you think not getting executed in public is good enough
> Gay people getting married somehow interferes with your feeling of pride
Meant a certain dude with a funny mustache but yeah Ferdinand works too
It depends on who you ask I suppose
I don't know any answer besides Zagreb either, Varaždin would be a contender maybe but I haven't been there yet
Correct, that is why your reasoning is flawed.
Well not popular at all but sometimes we like to pretend we know rugby and play but never seriously
Africa is a continent, many places are urbanized and industrialized, take a look at Nigeria, Namibia or Botswana.
Yeah, like confirming your identity with mail with your name on or your bank card
Nobody really uses FB that much anymore
Polish has too much c and z sounds and you kinda have a different accent
Olive oil is great, but if you need to produce a lot of food with high caloric intake to survive, olive oil is useless
&#x200B;
Maybe not usually, but Kazakhstan plays UEFA qualifiers, it's good enough for me.
Neither am I directly affected
To je isto rakija - baza je lozovača, jedino ima više aroma, nije samo od jednog voća
I mean I agree Yugoslavia exploded in a million pieces but that doesn't stop me from being offended
In reality, Serbia has a history of extreme violence against homosexuals
[Jeb
Well, I don't know the circumstances...
Don't hate on me
cool to see Croatia green
I demand version 2
) . Ije/je are also fairly easy and the only word that is not intuitive to spell is rječnik
And Croatia and Slovenia would be
Well, as of now, we became the top destinations for earthquakes
Palermo was my first thought as well
Slovakian to me as a Croatian/Czech speaking literally sound like you got a Croat in his 40 to learn Czech.
If mods dont like it: I as a Croat upvoted and approved of this post
It's always good to know what's Putin up to in his free time
iPhone 11 definitely has a better camera than the S10 according to
Or take the bus if school is not in walkable distance
They probably didn't want to kill anyone, but their gross negligence caused a death of a man.
I would just like to add that due to a massive influx of southerners (including Croats from B&H), certain parts of Zagreb don't even feel like Zagreb, people are much more extroverted and politically to the right
away kit with Boban name on it
It has spread to other countries
West Croats I would say they are central as well
I love my country and my flag, and waving it during events such as national anthems and sports competitions makes me a disgusting nationalist.
Horrible
Belgium detains eight suspected of recruiting Syria jihadists
I think these are mostly rural folks
I want to thank Bosnia and Herzegovina for their truly fine balkan music
But yeah, you're right, I just never thought about the prefix "pro-" in Croatian in adjectives, if someone mentioned it I would think of verbs such as prozračiti, provjetriti, projuriti, provjeriti, proglasiti, promovirati (off the top of my head), where that prefix has the meaning of "through"
Polish ID's also have parents' names IIRC
5 metres tables to my workshop
In my experience, price and ease of travel frequently outweigh speed when considering the mode of transportation
Not only DOTA players, there wasn't a teenager in my neighbourhood in 2009/10 who didn't have 'all i ever wanted', 'boten anna' and 'now you're gone' on their phone
The mediterranean was for a long time the center of trade in Europe, which among others means they had spices from all around the known world
So that's why all those Slovenes that come to Croatia look like they're preparing for the Olympics
I wasn’t talking about first Yugoslavia
If you have heterozygot mutation, [you can be protected]
He was a local garrison commander but was secretly hiding a Jewish girl from the authorities
But yeah, great nature and landscape too, probably chill people
Also accurate portrayal how Polish sounds to me.
The biggest company in Croatia - Agrokor, became too indebted and couldn't service its debts
Ju ar nating tu me bat džast anadr target
[It still impacts Poland a great deal to this very day
Because the Irish were adamant to assimilate asap as they got off the boats.
Come on, man
Bahahhahahahahahhahaha
If we go down this rabbit whole then I can pull the argument that you guys, English, are The Worst tourists we have ever seen
You usually use this method when you're in school doing some grammar tasks and you need to determine the gender, you ask yourself what "this" would you use so that you surely determine the gender
[Marie Skłodowska Curie] must be rolling over in her grave...
Just across the sea from them
For the people who are against it, how do you feel about famous athletes getting the citizenship
We stole from Bosnia so Čevapi is very much enjoyed here
*(Not aimed to offend anyone)*
I said 1998
B) the same people appointing the ones in the Netherlands have a vote in appointing the ones in Brussels
Well if black face is not racially motivated, then there is no problem, I don't care if someone is offended even after being thaught that it was not made to be racist but due to depiction of demons
It's seen as an attack which caused the US to join WW2.
Turns out it's not even close lol
"Well I better get going"
power bloc which only use will be to instigate more conflict and strife with other large powers.
His half sister is blue eyed and ashen hair
Nullam lacinia dolor ut sapien maximus, cursus euismod diam mattis
which has obvious cognates with English (for-stand)
In some countries the day is actually commemorated as The European Day of Remembrance for the Victims of All Totalitarian and Authoritarian Regimes
Kosovo speaks Albanian so
It's not like there's recent historical precedent of a Republican President who lost the vote but won the election and then did something extreme like start a war because he held a grudge.
Women’s hospital was badly hit
Russia would go south to the Black Sea for a warm sea port, not West.
And most of you stopped after WW2, a war that's quickly leaving living memory.
Croats vs Serbs conflict started in the 19th century, but cemented it self in WW1 and first Yugoslavia.
Except it's not official and the same symbol has been used in numerous other units around the globe (usually with a latin transcript) - for example the USMC scout snipers.
RemindMe
000 inhabitants) even lower than Croatia (1,10)
Same applies to the meat industry
I didn't sleep well because I was sweating the whole time.
The sultan of Bengal is flattered by the Emperors words, but would like to point out that it was only natural to stop such horrible treachery.
For Slavs here, his name "Karaiskakis" matches the content of the letter perfectly
And I wouldn't call Poland small (if that's what you're implying)
and now even to this day it's pretty much political suicide for any japanese politician to condemn or even acknowledge japanese war crimes
Its general knowledge that the Poles didn't control the Jewish death camps, and when you say "Polish death camps" you know people are talking about Nazi death camps located in Poland, this is general knowledge
What the hell are they supposed to do ?
1 in Zagreb
Unfortunately we have similar discussions in /r/croatia and sometimes it spills here.
They don't need to forge anything, that's the point.
If the place even has happy hours they are regulated by the bar(or whatever) themselves.
I mean, let's be real here
They tend to use double negative and often leave out a/an
Then uhm, the 90-ies were interesting to say the least, so Serbia as no
The Angel of Death taking firstborns
The cathedral is a symbol of the city, keep your religious beliefs out of this
Stara Gradiška (Croatia) and Gradiška (Bosnia), Hrvatska Kostajnica (Croatia) and Kostajnica (Bosnia), Hrvatska Dubica (Croatia) and Kozarska Dubica (Bosnia)
Gonna piggyback on your post so the Croat ones are in the same place.
How can you write about Croatian government collapses and forget about Orešković. I still can't believe we had a Canadian prime minister
Not saying renaissance Dubrovnik Croatian is easy to read, but Krleža's sentences were far too tedious and complicated, and hard for me to follow through
I was drinking beer and watching your game against the Spain in 2012
And then having Serbia give Italy our coast anyway.
our countries are not unsafe, i really don't think anyone needs a gun in this day and age in croatia
Only "acceptable" among highschool/early college  activity
Cila slavonija
In the US if you're banking with one of the biggest banks, you can can get serviced anywhere in the country
Because almost all of the Frances top players are from Africa and all Croatias players are true Croats
Lol, not even close
You can visit it legally at working hours
Well we in Croatia always great Ukranians with specialty since you come and work here and we immigrated from west Ukraine /south Poland and the White Croats(ones who didn't migrate and stayed) are now assimilated in Ukranian culture
The optimal solution for Scotland in the short term is to demand the N. Ireland deal
I haven't seen a lot of that from Europeans but mostly americans.
Maybe
Definitely the most east-european looking and feeling city in the country
[Neki to vole vruće - California]
I used to belive the entirety of Yugoslavia was only in Croatia's modern borders
I guess I'm the only one here who doesnt have a problem with heat
I dont get it,  something weird and fishy is here
Imagine how the town would look without a big ass shipyard and derelict  military instalments in what should be the main tourist hub
Balkan women were feminists before feminism was even invented
An example would be that young people in Germany (from my own experience) tend to say "He's so fame in Germany" "The song is really fame" etc in German, but with the "fame" sticking out
I mean, the only thing we learn about is
Life is more intresting when you have something to fuck you like a work but with money that I would win I would take brakes from work when ever I wanted
— but when you’re a conservative Republican they try — oh, do they do a number — that’s why I always start off: Went to Wharton, was a good student, went there, went there, did this, built a fortune — you know I have to give my like credentials all the time, because we’re a little disadvantaged — but you look at the nuclear deal, the thing that really bothers me — it would have been so easy, and it’s not as important as these lives are — nuclear is so powerful; my uncle explained that to me many, many years ago, the power and that was 35 years ago; he would explain the power of what’s going to happen and he was right, who would have thought
The difference between a flat panel and one at an angle is huge.
Rest of Europe
No way
Simpatičan si mi što se znaš izrazit na redditu kao otpušten čovjek a ne neki pc reddit speak
Some do
I mean, sure, both are just units.
As someone who was in the UK during the time, the insistent pestering with "it's coming home" and constant condescendion towards our national team by the pundits really grinded my gear
if you play sicors and the other plays rock you win and take your index and middle finger(the ones you use to make the sicors) and slap the other person on the wrist
It doesn't matter if you think the choice is always going to be "kick out the Russians" because you aren't going to be making the decision to invade, the Russians will and if they think they can get away with it, they'll try.
We kicked je/e it's just "drvo" here hahah
Well that's how it is in Croatia if you wanna put it that way
Also if the talk about peace and unity and mutual appreciation in Yurop isn't really your thing, remember that if we stay separate, as far as the world stage goes, we're all small and crunchy and taste good with ketchup \^^
You are disgusting
“You are a Balkan country” will trigger half and half not :)
No good
If you guys just rolled by it and went after whole Slavonia we would be fucked.
Samo goes for pictures of Lebanon in 2006 passing as 2016 Aleppo ("Ruthless Assad, look what he's doing!") etc
The first Croatian dukes start appearing in the 9th century
Poor countries tend to have population growth
We take the top 18 spots, then it's New Zealand.
Thanks for an explaination
OK, that's what I wanted to know.
Game, set, match
" sung out
To find out the gender of the word, we usually use "this" in place of an article (masculine: "ovaj stol" - "this desk", feminine: "ova polica" - "this shelf", neuter: "ovo ljeto" - "this summer")
Nobody does anything to stop them, why?
high capacity assault truck need to all be tracked and their drives vetted.
The only time "fairness" is even mentioned is when they need to turn on their propaganda machines for the masses
That is a slighty controversial topic but imho native Istrian Croats and Italians aside, a large portion of people pushing hard for Istrian identity are second or third generation Serbs, Bosniaks, Montegrins etc
There was also a scare about making zimnica, which is a tradition where at the end of summer, most of the vegetables are stored in special way in jars with vinegar that are sealed and then they are ready for consumption anytime during winter
We're gonnae miss you
They pushed for hungarian as a necessary language in school, on street signs and on buildings
I have no idea how and when people do administrative stuff without needing to miss work
Bikes get stolen a lot everywhere
We usually use our word for "this" (ovaj/ova/ovo) in place of articles when trying to find out the "gender" of the word, and anything but "ovaj Bangladeš" would sound
Today history marks 75 years of the genocide in Jasenovac
Also, very popular topics are deciding who should and who shouldn't play in a national football team, various local sexual affairs and getting services from various people
Rugvičanin - village level
Really so not having let's say EU making you comply to their rules and changing you national ones makes you worse ?
TV news usually only inform about the results of primaries and if Trump says something racist/sexist/islamophobic.
Definitely the Ustasha regime in World War II
A different country from Estonia.
[In Croatia] 'Orbit za djecu'= 'Orbit kids'
The genuine exceptions would be verbs like arreter, jeter, or appeller, wherein you have one of the letters dropping or the accent moving
Literally none of the examples I mentioned were military invasions.
Changing his name to Milan Bandić, Camping outside of Zagrebački Holding and handing out lamb, opening a road (iirc) and even made a reddit account (it's ZelimBitiMilanBandic iirc)
I definitely associate light green with Slovenia and wondered why you don't have it on your flag
I have been around it enough times to know.
Defamation is criminalized and insulting “the Republic, its emblem, its national hymn or flag” is punishable by up to three years in prison
But I would argue that there is still much religion/ religious influence/ relogious traditions/ religious institutions in Europe.
how about you start from Kosovo and then move on to the other countries
Havent seen a single balkan person comment here so that just makes me think that the weird but real political parties are governing the country right now
Italians also have [a Fritzl
One of the best excursions we had in France.
Would rakija be considered a liquor, though
Poor countries tend to have population growth
On the other hand he doesn't.
Even our current president is publicly crying how Yugoslavia was "behind the Iron curtain" and that communism was endless darkness while in reality as a teenager she went to high school in the USA
Rails, plugs and army equipment are the most important I think
Care for them if you want to, but you can't ask from Greece or anyone else to care about them.
TIL
But playing the blame game with knowing very little facts is just going to deepen the hate and division
Grammar-Its medium
Dominium maris baltici when
honestly
I wonder if French and Italians have the same problems with their Horizon class destroyers.
Planners invited sociologists to give their opinion
Well if you go to Sarajevo(if you already haven't been), you should try, it's very delicious.
Sve pet
No, it sounds terrible, but it's tradition, so...
You're welcome
Special characters (diacritics) used in European languages
Wow, best roads in ex commie club.
No, rectangle, perfectly balanced Wyoming
Rich my ass, I get around 1700 euros post-tax and I can't afford to buy real estate without taking a 20 year loan
Well, alongside sarma, filovana/punjena paprika also makes me feel like home, especially when made with homegrown bell peppers and homemade tomato sauce
My History teacher tried to claim that people didn't have to vaccine their kids, that people die reguraly from vaccines and a few other easily debunkable arguments
the whole thing started when someone said this:
America has no "far-left", it barely has a left.
I would go with Arabic because of the beautiful complexity; Spanish because it's widely used and finally Irish because when i heard it it doesn't sound like any familiar language to me
And Priština sounds funny for a Croatian speaker, too.
They didn't even do that bad something of these are ok
Melania Trump was also mentioned a few times because she is Slovenian.
Everything is expensive there too
It was a (bad) joke, but I didn't know this.
but what they lack in technique they compensate with heart and stamina
And how long did that last
Krka is my favourite national park, I loved it more than Plitvice, but I never went during winter.
I'm using maybe the wrong example since we'd actually spell it Bordeaux because it is a name
Use any metric you want
quite the contrary we are subject to eu-western propaganda more these days
It's funny how hungarians always act as if there weren't any other nations trapped in the Habsburg monarchy
Vot d fak did ju đust fakin sej baut mi ju litl bič? ajl hev ju nov aj graduejtd top of maj kles in d nejvi sils end ajv bin involvd in numrus sikrit rejds on Al-Kaida end aj hev ovr 300 konfrmd kils
I like how they completely ignore the fact that the rest of the human population in developing countries will still want to live a western living standard as soon as possible, increasing their trace on the world at the same rate their economies develop.
And they were called ''Croats'' even then.
But, Croatia views it as border totalitarism and a way to supress other nations who are not Serbs (Slovenes, Croats and Bosniaks)
In ullamcorper mauris dapibus velit sodales, in ullamcorper augue posuere
I've never been more offended
it's not the same and you know it.
They are borderline retarded
Forcing such agenda has caused issues afterwards
>someone give this guy a medal, i'm poor lol
The one from the 1600s has first white, all of the medieval ones have first white
A lot to explore amd everything on just 1-6hrs long drive
If all members agree, there is nothing stopping it
>mein Vaterland muss größer sein
>The EU only requested normalisation in relations which is a viable thing
2017 - 49%
The other one being Montenegrins
Putin would not do the risky and stupid things he does if he were afraid of the Nato.
Border disputes are kinda our speciality
And as for Portugese - I love the language, it's so, so beautiful
I suppose South Korea is due to the US influence, but what happened in Philippines
Meeting interesting people
Damn, I knew the Japanese didn't like foreigners, but I really didn't think it'd be that bad
Sounds similar to what's going on in Croatia right now
What are you talking about, it works flawlessly /s
Which is totally absurd
College of Winterhold, summer edition
A basic food like cooking cream
It's like they went: ["...well, I suppose a mess of islands will do" \^^]
Am I rite
Old town of Dubrovnik
I would say Central Europeans who go on holiday in Croatia, they have the longest tradition of coming here.
"The budget will balance itself." - Justin Trudeau
For Slavs here, his name "Karaiskakis" matches the content of the letter perfectly
That‘s awesome
They are the ones climbing mountains in flipflops, drifting away on inflateable matresses etc
I'm not sure whether this should be stickied, not that it's not interesting, but regarding EU the France elections are more important since they have a semi-presidential system where the president can have a lot of power, whereas Serbia (like most European countries) is a parliamentary republic where a president is more of a ceremonial title and the main person in charge of the country is the prime minister.
It's all those fucken MUSLEM fauls.
Oce to tako kod nas u Hrvatskoj
You have two levels, A and B, (high and basic level)
Zvončari chase away the evil winter spirits, marking the end of the Rijeka Carnival
Same
people never change
If you go out in the wind with your hair wet, you will get meningitis and die.
[Damn it must be good to feel like a Norgsta.]
And now when i think about it, consider all values to be an "ish". Always depends on the wind, humidity and all that stuff
" literal translation: "Who hasn't hidden was a donkey
How is that true according to any logic?
I was very curious as I really liked how it sounded, but I've never heard of it
Absolutely
Exactly, I hate whenever the verb in German is placed in the end of the sentence because the sentence can sometimes be a mile long and you won't be able to connect half of the words before reading the predicate which is u pički materini
Civic nationalists, socialist nationalists(not the same as the NS), liberal nationalists, cultural nationalists, identitarian nationalists etc.
Ivan Horvat (John Croat) and Marija Horvat (Mary Croat)
What kind of backboneless parasites are these individuals?
Around 6 hours in school + travel time which is proximity 1+ hours each day (depending on where you live and what kind of school do you want to go)+ learning, a lot of learning, especially if you go to the gymnasium
[Museum of broken relationships] in Zagreb, Croatia
Being in Personal union with Hungary
Constantinople looks nice this time of year.
OK, his wording in the end was unfortunate - the compensation bit.
I live here and and from SE Europe and fully agree
It's not the same as Constantinople and Istanbul because both Ragusa and Dubrovnik were in use since the residents spoke multiple languages.
So Romanians are both vampires and hobbits
I also really want to hear La Marseilleaise on F1 podium
Just switch input language
So how does Croatia pick president?
oh shit
which other languages put their last name up front
Catastrophic in either case
I didnt feel like mentioning it since he's already bombarded by everyone else
Languages of the ex-Yu countries are very similar, so of course the Yugoslav rock(and other music) is popular + a lot of people grew up on that music.
Who was the big guy that got up?
Election of HDZ, no doubt
Is it possible to learn this power
GERMAN HUMOUR
Also is heavily armed and nuclear.
Good people doe sometimes a bit too traditional.
The terms 'Russia' plus 'fascism' have been added together to create a new word in Ukraine to describe this phenomenon: 'Ruscism'.
Is it just me, or does the title imply that EU will support Irish Reunification?
More people in the UK have a negative opinion about the UK than about Croatia
You have like 200 000 lakes, yet you think about how Russia has 1 000 000
This will sound cynical but I think no matter the ideology Croatian elites embrace, their true ideology will always be "Steal everything that you can steal".
don't know where you get that from because in schools it's taught that it's most likely that we came from Poland , the so called White Croats
I mean I wouldn't compare that to boys hiding firecrackers.
any accent can be "uneducated" if you emphasize it enough but mostly it's the rural accents (of which there are many) that take the role
So much mess involving you
And where are those tree-building things
There is also significant continental divide between the coast and the inner Croatia, the [Dinaric Alps]
When it comes to Croatia I think the biggest well known game within the older generations is Serious Sam and our most prominent "modern"/mobile game is Doodle Jump
I've never heard anyone unironically defend the Ustaše,I've heard people defend communism though
Yeah, that's right, look at them, definitely not at me, the newest mod
Sure it has nice sights,but you literally cannot approach the majority to even see them because of the amount of people
Edit: nvm misunderstood the question but still
It's really good here in Croatia.
It wasnt my intention to bash the italians here, to each their own, but i just can't take it, they arent my type of people
There are also lots of sources that aren't biblical, both Cristian and non-Christian
usually polite (i know people complain about them but tbh, i never had any problems with them) but sticking to themselves (as opposed to germans who want to hang out with anyone)
To say that someone as a person has less rights in Estonia because he/she is gay is false, whatever you or anyone else says.
During out time as a nazi puppet state?
I like these Swedish bands/singers:
Guess im living under a rock, i live in brela, didn't feel a thing
TFW Tesla is actually a Croat
Otherwise I would be in H. M.
What the fuck
Food must be lit doe
The confusing thing is that most of them left because things were economically shit, so I can’t really understand that comical level of romanticism
Just dont make a mistake and say St
I think if you remove the conatation on the SR flag, the flag is still quite  a boring flag ngl
Seems to me it is a defining moment for *the world*, not only France
Can you explain what is that
Well, we also do that in Croatia
Depends on which radio station you listen.
She was a singer before she became famous
I’m still trying to wrap my mind around this
If that's so in Netherlands, good on them.
I froze
Then there is east of the country, Slavonija
Probably together again with Yugoslav nations, all in the United States of Europe.
century)
Sounds like Kajkavian Croatian to me
Various foreign powers held the cities at some point
We have streets named after a poet whose surname was Gervais
Following your logic, do you think that water and food should be criminalized
Will russia not mind you joining the EU
Otkuda si
To the left of it is the main entrance to Pula port and these bad guys guarded it together with a fortress in the woods which is not visible and overgrown
[Here] are translated lyrics of song.
But Buga actually is a women's name today
There is no EU without Germany.
Homo Sapiens, I reckon
It looks prettier this way
For a few years they really were an empire (a decade or so)
This is clearly arson
The genuine exceptions would be verbs like arreter, jeter, or appeller, wherein you have one of the letters dropping or the accent moving
European history is around 2000 years of "Hey that province is mine"
Either for the studies or work
Somebody like Ban Josip Jelačić (Jellachich, Jellasics) is considered a national hero in Croatia, a traitor in Hungary and a Rebel in Austria, while somone like Franz Ferdinand is considered a Good guy among Croats and apsolute asshole by the Serbs
Aj em trejnd in gorila vorfer end ajm d top snajpr in d intajr JUES armd forss
Gasterbajteri, gotta love their mindset
We should all be more like Lithuania
September is less touristy than August, it's a very nice place, don't worry.
But whole eastern europe is slavic..
he was a nazi collaborator and describes that period as the happiest time of his life.
I must admit I really like the two terms growing ever more intertwined
I'm not saying it's not possible, indeed it is
[Kojoti - Trese, lupa, udara]
in Wien
Also goulash
Much of Croatian potential has been squandered due to various mismanagements of policies or abuse of power and the people are quite doubtful we're capable of anything meaningful, but this common project shows otherwise
Yes, but a bit more to the left, so you can't see it from this angle.
They have decent music (especially the 80's), nice language (although their words are almost impossible to pronounce properly as their words can have 20 letters but they only pronounce like 12), and I believe they have pretty positive opinion about us as well
I always liked the story about Manda and the commander, I know it’s probably just a myth but it sounds cool
Unfortuunately this is only in Croatian, but shows Zagreb neibourhoods in funny and interesting ways: [
Yeah, because he's too vile and blatantly evil for the American political establishment to accept him.
-ov  possesive (of someone)
He's considered a national hero, has a huge monument on the main square of Zagreb, his face is on the 20 kuna bill etc
weird
152281,14
In Istrian (Chakavian) dialect there’s this joke:
3 os seriously
On this day 80 years ago Germany and the USSR signed the Molotov-Ribbentrop Pact
Schools definitely don't look anything close to that where I'm from.
They could make them in no time.
Few years back the priest was coming early on 1
I've been there
Also, was Miroslav's wife called Margerita ?
Zagreb: Christmas market
I would also be bothered, if it not for the Total War AI being utterly retarded.
Maybe Europe came to our restaurant, and we are the waiter?
Yes, he should have stayed in his chair with the title he was given.
Aside from Rotterdam making sea difficult(?), how about those off-shore turbines?
I lock my house when I leave it and when I go to sleep at night
B-but spaghetti bolognese tastes better with ketchup ;-;
In Croatia, right now you can get 10 for 15 kn (around €2)
Constantly, and it's really annoying
> An erotic drama about a youthful bride-to-be who takes a holiday to Yugoslavia with a cynical and evil lesbian film critic (and murderess) that leads to debauchery, degradation with a dwarf, a dinner with naked entertainers and other highlights
>And, heh, Turkey is not European
Only thing that happens a lot is that people get nicknames based on their surname rather than their name
2:1 ratio, I feel almost bad for the Germans who were fighting 3:1 or even 4:1 most of the war
We only have Merkel while they have Trump
Read again what was said
And its not only people, they use it to promote political party for more votes to keep it on top next election
Watched it on ORF, so it was sort of a spill over from the German speaking country.
And we even write it with W even though we don't have that letter in our language
>*Being installed when nobody sees*
Like you have the hard č at the beginning but ending it with a soft ć kinda ruins it
Chocolate is the only reason I would agree to go to war for, tbh.
Meanwhile decades go by with this untenable monetary system.
Only later was I aware of internet's hatred towards Dutch
It's quite impossible to not deliver in this scenario.
last time i was there a week ago and i've passed infront of a police station where they used the right lane as their private parking
Since we could probably make a country in .
And intruduce -ie instead of -ije and -je
Istria is full of people wherever you go, Kvarner is full of cheap and annoying, monotone tourists (except Opatija maybe), Dalmatia is huge so there will be a lot of non-touristy places which is nice
I mean I imagine it would be strange to hear someone try to speak like a local and it would probably just be best to speak how they normaly speak unless people are having a hard time understanding them
I've been told that the English are genetically programmed to sink French ships.
so there were two stacks
Outside and fricking cold
It's just something that's done occasionally.
> it's still not such a deal as it is in USA
Everyone else is making pizza with local toppings and they're making some sweet rice thing that's not even pretending to be pizza
So will probably our snipers too now.
I agree with your point but I wanted to post the official name in the title, not my own
However, some edge lord teens far right-wingers may not object if they call themselves that (in private, in public not so often)
Serbia: Turbofolk reeks of irony, I love it
It was probably a product of the same mindset that tried to prove that Rus wasn't created by Varangians but exclusively Slavs, probably from commie period.
I never knew Voćin is probčematic
Unless broken german is good it isnt gonna do me much good
hrvat je tat
Well it was a country sooo
When it comes to Croatia (and Slovenia I guess), the Muslim part is green because when that question is asked we think about Bosniaks which are culturally almost the same as us
It was created in commemoration of the 1914 battle of Cer, where the Serbian army beat Austria-Hungary
I would have to learn a separate spelling of a name for every language I know
The Saudi royal family needs to be destroyed.
For example "Belje" is active since 1697
Living in a cold, poorly managed, uncomfortable looking farm house made of concrete
Don't they have riot police with, you know, helmets and police batons?
Georgia is also Gruzija in Croatian
Schnappsen is German word I believe
wait, Gervais is a proper name
The main shopping street in old town Split is even named after a general, August Marmont
I was being sarcastic
Only a selfish and ignorant nation could backstab EU like this.
The French anthem is kind of a symbol of revolution and such so we know i. Other ones that I know are British, Russian, Spanish(I could recognise it but not sing), Serbian, German and Ukranian (cuz I wondered but same as Spanish tho only recognisable)
In case the votes haven't been tempered the voting is invalid
0, first was 5
I would love to visit your country one day
well then, options are on the table and open like Ava Karabatic's mind.
That is, when it comes to politics, culture etc, people mostly count Ex-Yuga, Albania, Romania and Bulgaria as Balkans.
Such comments and speculations should be avoided, especially if they clearly violate our rules
Blatant disrespect of other people's customs and culture
True but the scars of ww2 can still be seen and felt
Seriously FB can fuck off
Actually, that's not true when it comes to language.
I'd also add đikani to the list
Gromit mug vs
There are no touching points between our cultures and ideologies.
But from my side of view it's debatable.
Merkel occasionally makes a sound decision, an ability our president has yet to master.
I agree mere difference of opinion doesn't warrant that but this isn't just difference of opinion; this is either extreme ineptitude or corruption/bribery
Have a few hubs that the bullet trains ride between, have nice, big comfortable, but not especially fast trains that that connect the countryside with the hubs
started learning at around 4 at home because my family knew it would be useful, I learned to read early and my grandmother used to be an English teacher
>Were the movies dubbed in Croatian
6 kbps, downloading mp3s from napster for 30 minutes per song, minimum
Lithuania going hard on Lukashenko
or would end up dead
Well, yes, we were under austrian or hungarian rule for almost 900 years
Its all cool untill you run into one of the 5900 Internet cables in the streets
Also, stats say most old people vote for these two corrupt parties
Orange is the new black it seems.
Like final fantasy always stays japanes and english sub
119772,14
Arrested in 2013, the court is moving with the speed of a particularly epileptic sloth, as is the custom here.
I think that in Croatian it means that the temperature in the underpass at night (which is [literally underground] is colder than the outside temperature at night.
Mostly with BiH, multi national, ethnic and religious country
I took some liberty here
"Hello"
They share
bolje sad
The UK was always just Yugoslavia with money
I would contribute with the best of [Croatian] [Serbian] and [Bosnian] pop
So can anyone tell me a shortened version
Lessons were 45 mins long with pauses of 5 mins and 2 longer ones for eating after 3th lesson and 4th
Scotland can use it too if really necessary
You don't have to eat overpowering and hot third world spices to have spicy food
Before entering EU we baked (Distilled) Rakia in much larger quantities than now, it was made both for personal consumption and sale to those in close proximity to us, and it was something about which you could brag about, now taxes are too high for it, so less and less people do it, you even have to pay taxes even if you only have the necessary equipment and you didn't distill it that year, so most people sold their equipment, while other's that continue to distill it, do so in hiding
You do get that some areas, parts of countries, cultures may have different calendars , and if you live in a very backwater part of some of these migrants' countries it is possible they don't even have a proper record/document or database.
It's probably combination of ignorance and preemptive prejudice.
Also in Croatia situation is mostly normal, excet maxbe in eastern slavonia
In Serbia they have much less linguistic diversity
Spanish police officers are refusing postings to the island of Ibiza saying they are not paid enough to deal with the scores semi-naked drunken British tourists who fight in street and have sex on the beach.
Can anyone explain to me how San Marino retained independence
Because there is no comfort in water )
This is the best Christmas add I've ever seen ...
when hand shaking the party that put his hand on top of other party palm shows dominance and is subdueing other in a way
I absolutely hated Maths, it was such a tiring subject and my teachers were always the most boring people ever.
And the accents, don't forget the accents
I mean there is a lot more potential Soviet Union nostalgiacs than those who resent it, in absolute numbers.
Then mostly Greece with short interlude about persians
” - from Dubravka, a play by Ivan Gundulić
) so i dont know how that is an improvement
German
Betting on a result is the very definition of having skin in the game.
Most of continental parts of Croatia speak German as 2nd or 3rd language and most of the coats speaks Italian
Glava, ramena, koljena i stopala (X2)
This is a ancient Balkan ritual that each nation does to other, its history stretches back thousands of years.Best way to imagine is to picture a sorority where each new female member is required to play with....
In the old times, they would work, mostly in Germany, but would build their family house in Yugoslavia
Hladna pička would be like a disinterested chick (acting cold)
Still, it's a mouthful, so I'll keep calling it Pleso
Bilijun       - 1
thats so nice
Flawed democracies are nations where elections are fair and free and basic civil liberties are honored but may have issues (e.g.
Now it's my favourite European country
Sorry, reading in a hurry
"Genes of stone" is a famous nationalistic song sung by Marko Perkovic Thompson
I have lived in Denmark and their flag is everywhere
Time for the maintenance of electric pumps
I have little personal experience with British tourists since the town I live in is smaller (\~35k)
We usually don't have very low temperatures here.
How to Deal With Your Paranoia (With pictures)
Definitely more with my nation since we are small as it is
Rijeka
No one on any level is seriously considering any kind of formal union between English speeking countries.
Interesting how many of those have god in them (thank god, praise, etc.)
Also adventurous but a bit smarter and more prepared than the former
Yes + [Australia is already on its way here]
If the translations aren't at the bottom of the page you are officially f-ed
I'm from continental Croatia
So, can anyone from France be kind enough and explain these results/regions for those of us who are uninitiated to French politics?
I don't think that Croats can learn Serbian, Bosnian and Montenegrin.
Personally, I think these cartoons are insulting and that, as a society, we should see than as a negative thing
Imagine a parking lot where there are 50ish cars and a high end Mercedes or BMW is the least expensive thing there
The principal topic of discussion in primarily Catholic Hercegovina (South Bosnia) is the increasing presence and growing influence of the Saudis in the Muslim parts of Bosnia.
Or are you racist enough to say that Africa is a bad place
Why is it called Stalinism
I won't lie, at first I thought you were lying but then I've seen it
We read no books or poetry here.
No you don't get it
[There's one at the main square here in Zagreb] That's the most ''unofficial'' one that I can think of.
When we stop killing each other the world will be the perfect place .. The main reasons for war are money and politics .. When we get rid of these differences everything will go for the better
What do you thing they are looking for
Older folk are mostly german/italian with some russian
Interestingly, we have **mašinfirer** and **gever**.
When they asked him what does he think about NATO he said that he wants to steal money from them because everyone does
Plitvice lakes, Croatia
We call Slovenian Janezi
Yeah you're right, what I've said is not a good response
But then again, French women never are.
Modern day event is definitely the fall of Yugoslavia and our 4-year war(1991-1995) period against Serbs in Croatia and the JNA
Every voice in a solid red or blue state counts for basically nothing.
It's smooth as fuck, sounds amazing when sung, and as someone who has trouble with learning rules, it was the perfect language to pick up by ear
I like it
The people exercise power by electing their representatives and direct decision-making
Hahahahaha
For the non-Yurop countries that are around the top, it's Canada 7, New Zealand 8, Australia 10, Israel 11, Costa Rica 12, USA 14, Chile 20.
Well to beat the dead horse a little more, the lack of cooperation/joint action when it comes to for example the refugees.
I mean, she is in the parliament, some dress code rules must exist.
I'd say Bednjanski "mangles" vowels (compared to the regular Croatian) in the way similar to how Bavarian or Austrian does compared to regular German
Music: [Ultra Europe] [INmusic] [Yacht Week] [Outlook]
Females are just weird
I like how they're patriotic without explicitly attacking or diminishing the enemy
Croatian šljivovica cures everything, let's be honest
This embargo and tensions between seemed to be artificially pushed.
) moderated by far right mods so any article related to history, sociology, politics etc
Two largest political parties are Hrvatska Demokratska Zajednica - HDZ (ruling party, moved from right wing to right wing-center recently) and SDP - Socijal demokratska partija (moderate left wing)
In Croatian, “Despicable Me” was translated as “How Gru stole the Moon” (Kako je Gru ukrao Mjesec)
if you play rock and the other plays sicors you win and get to punch the other one in the shoulder
Doesn't "ćuprija" mean "bridge"?
They have just conquered Estonia and thus Estonia has become second
"gledat ko tele u šarena vrata"
I thought the same before I visited many German cities and states
The worst mid air collision happened in [german airspace] The worst part is the russian plane was filled with kids going to a school trip
Home screen -
To quell the liberals and the intellectuals by separating them from the workers, because old Otto figured out that the average worker only really wanted a decent wage and some level of security and safety
In Zagreb its a 50/50ifhe will let you pass orjust go his way
Absolutely packed to max
Apparently No one is a very common name then.
I think people both use *Merđo* and *Mečka*.
Which through time ultimately lead to it's distorted name (Grad Zagreb)
Interdum et malesuada fames ac ante ipsum primis in faucibus
Some companies actually do need to grow fast just to stay competitive, but especially well established giants could really benefit from a "keep on, keeping on" approach, rather than trying to drive the share price up to even greater levels
Tbh we also have veterans here but we don't make such a big deal out of it
2) split down religious and ethnic lines
On social media I mean
Also the town of Vukovar which looked like a post-apocalyptic town  after the war and all the Serbs and Croats together sharing the same town
Most people go to church 2 a year and thats basically it.
We have them but they are really, really rare
This is the first article of the constitution, but before the first article we have a preamble that talks about the historical fundations for a sovereign Croatian state
I didn't say it was exclusive and i was too tired to type an essay why armenia is a part of europe
There are ethnic tensions in Bosnia&Herzegovina and it's everyone vs.
We have a word-for-word translation as well.
Fun fact: our notes were designed based on DM
Hmmm
And the fact I never felt unsafe
Reminds me of my ex home in Yugoslavia
It's just that when I read *Latin*, I though of the alphabet not the language, which was confusing at first.
"Točan ko Švicarski sat" - "As precise as a Swiss watch" it means that you are right on time
Some tend to make their money by collecting scrap metal, and I don't mean stealing - it's that guy that drives around the place in a van, shouting "old iron!
What I meant is that, in case that the usage of guns would be so widespread it would cause an atmosphere of violence, I am pretty sure most of our countries would agree to ban/heavily restrict their usage
What do they mean with "claimed" ?
Pretty excited for our group
It seems that large power plants [don't count mostly because they "disrupt the natural environment"]
Looks a bit different now
Fighting in 1848 to get rid of Hungarian domination just to be returned to it in 1868
And recognizing kosovo feels like a political suicide in serbia, whoever does it will probably be branded as a traitor by most so what do you think will be a solution to this problem
I don't claim that Serbian and Croatian are completely different languages, however they are not close enough to be fused in one language.
2016 - 48%
(Who didn't hide is a donkey)
Ive heard that our anthem is one of the most peaceful ones
just a description of how dumb of a song it is: My brother and I were 8 and 10 years old and had a sleepover at grandparents' house when the choice for the Eurovision song was on tv and they let us call to vote for one song
It is a contradiction, but an oxymoron is a contradiction used in a literary sense with a hidden meaning, like "youthful old man"
Croatia is a small dot between France, Netherlands and Sweden-
5 probably
Lets not forget that time when one of the reps brought female thong and high heels as a gift to the government during the vote about the Istanbul convention
You are welcome
Why
Also, the 11 pro max costs $1700
You would probably block our entry (even if Slovenia did a complete 180)
"Hi"
The heart of Serbia moves every time someone tries to leave them haha.
I said that I dont like him but a lot of people(and you know it) like him smh
Each class section (A, B, C, D and sometimes E) got one photo with all of their portraits and names under
Ahaaaaa, you mean ćevapi
Johnson forced her to take a political position and she took one
Unless you of course think that calls for boycotts validate sanctions
It seems like Poland will be the only remaining country that has its shit together
there, less creepy
Going 150kph is much less efficient than going 120, and the difference increases with speed
Basically, you're as much related to Romans as you are to Trikipiki who came 30 000 years ago because neither of them are genetically pure.
It is true that many people still believe in God but I personally don't know many young people who are really religious.
Mauris eget nibh porttitor, hendrerit nisl at, dictum enim
Sorry for the long post, I got really excited
Basically your body thinks it's having sex with somebody willingly while your mind is asleep.
And now a third
Cyprus and Malta are the fastest you can get to another EU citizenship if you have millions of € to invest in them.
Guaranteed wild ride every time!
croatian
People ar stupid man :/
How the hell did we get a wage decrease if a good portion of our low payed and unemployed went abroad to work?
personally no, but i also have to admit i really haven't seen any powder vitamin drinks other than cedevita
My text will probably provoke ridicule from men and women who distanced themselves from Christian faith, because for them such speak of women's obedience means a return to patriarchal society and represents subjugation of a woman.
Dude we survived the Hungarian empire, Ottoman empire, Austro-Hungarian empire, various Yugoslavian dictatorships...
No wonder it was declared as a biggest property bubble in the world
Yes that would be the guy
Coming from a small country, I find this all pretty funny
Its two principal ethnic communities remain deeply divided and it has not regained its former prosperity
Since we use to point this out wherever it is possible: The Necktie.
Probably a Balkan thing
Spongebob has a distinct northern/Zagreb style of speaking, Squidward speaks in a bland standard dialect, and Mr Krabs has an infamous Dalmatian islander accent and vocabulary, that group is most often stereotyped as being greedy in Croatian jokes
If I'm doing something for fun and both things can be detrimental to health I'd rather do something which is *less* detrimental for my health than more.
I know a bunch of Kata/Katica of all ages, although Slavica's are usually women in their 50's or older
The thing is, our participation in EU is relatively short, and it needs to pass more than 20-30 years to make a serious historical oversight of it
not so cool
Interesting, tl;dr of it contents?
But I don't know if it's even possible to guard Greece, too many islands too close to Turkey - what are they going to do, sink their boats?
Would rather be under them than under any colonial empire
Why does it matter she's a woman
And the US could have defeated Germany on their own
There is no appetite for mass immigration in Japan.
Look if mothers life is endager, ok
There seems to be a large amount of people saying Armenia is off-topic which is not correct
I don't mean stuff like turbofolk (I still can't stand that), but stuff like dalmatian singers that sang about the sea, pop dancing music and the stuff you'd usually hear at weddings or big parties
I've wondered that as well
All the Balkans would be at the top if we were talking about the time spent drinking coffee.
On the other hand, we ended up woth world silver last time with no game and maybe 1 and a half good match played
Yes, it is a much different aspect of blame.
Are the distances between towns so big that it becomes an issue?
They don't have their country and they live in Europe
**Zagreb** - Obviously it's by far the biggest city, mainly because half of Croatia moved here in the last century
I don't know why you're downvoted, you're right.
Thank you u/Sir_Maukalot
Ne ne, Estonija je baltička Slovenija
same goes for other parts of the city
Adidas x John Player Special tracksuits
Yes, and therefore the 'sacrifice'.
A je to is one of my all time favourite
"can't get anymore german than this"
Come to think of it, also rasrđen is used, though I had to pronounce it before I could understand it
I thought var is just short for varos but anyway Vukovar actually means river Vuka that flows into Danube in Vukovar so it would be Vuka castle and Daruvar comes from the Hungarian Daru and var as you said and Bjelovar is what it is probably but idk what is Diakovar/Đakovo
[It's absolutely beautiful
The same is in Croatia
If things were different the outcome would be different.
Apparently that's one of the big problems for the Burgenland Croat community, as it's the only one, while Slovenes have two despite there being less of them
And only one spark is enough...
I didnt know that, that's sweet
Yap, it can change shape
we have ispod and pod for the same meaning, but no spod
We also took our shoes off throughout entire primary and secondary school
In a former commusnist state I'd expect this to be a political suicide
Then Rome
I'm not sure what he would be doing here in the first place, but I doubt there would be any protests.
All that good stuff
(In Dubrovnik)  not sure, though
Most migrants in the UK are not from the EU.
I would change it to Hrvatia
Hard to believe that anything will change, as a president isn't too rightful, and was a prime minister a few years back, wasn't that great
I really love vienna, it would totally be a city i could live in if it was closer to the sea
It was more of a commentary thing.
Sretan rodendan(kinda),(If you understood what I said)
This is because they started the war and has nothing to do who attacked each city / village / whatever first.
If you can't afford, sometimes a local priest pays for it
In the end, it is all up to you how you handle it
Well if you want to arbeit better learn it.
Pfff this shouldn't be on r/europe
Ah yes, if it's Russian, it must have a star
The reason they kept it is because to older people it's easier to understand.
Heh
Edit: I forgot you guys use very similar alphabet like we do and read the letters the same way
It had 1200 workers
Then we got fucked in the 1st Yugoslavia, like a huge amount of state funds just went to Serbia and the eastern parts
Also when you come back in the afternoon, make sure to tell complain about staying longer at work despite not doing anything
but i guess i'll take this one over thompson any day
It's our new plan of attack
Yugoslavia as a whole I guess, or rather Serbia
I always felt Slavic+Mediterranean in my soul, for example I can't imagine myself being a Dutch girl
But, there are utility companies managed by city, if those were counted number of people who work for the city probably rises to 10000, even more.
Istanbul was called Constantinople by everyone (also the turkish) until after ww1.
Tbf a lot of those are used today as well
Like GTA SA
You picked the shittiest, though.
> Defending the existence of Yugoslavia would've been admirable
For chicago to be "polish" city in its loose sense it needs to have polish majority
When was the last time i did that tho
The population of Africa might or might not become a crisis that seriously threatens Europe - [this is a pretty good TL;DR.]
Dunno, just playing devil's advocate here
Zadar: sea organ
Whenever someone asks me what to do in Croatia (I live in Germany so it happens quite often), I tell them to just rent a boat and explore old towns, islands, inaccessible beaches etc
No other US chains here
We have the same thing as the bird language you described but we use "p" instead of "v".
Basically the one where we separate ourselves from Yugoslavia
St Peter's basilica and square, Rome
Okay
True, we were just jealous at them, now we earn as much as them in 2 months time while advent is active
It's clearly the evil truck's fault.
And somehow slovenes are more fluent in croatian than vice versa
VW Golf, Škoda Octavia, VW Polo, Opel Astra, Opel Corsa, Ford Focus
Smallest town on earth is called Hum (less then 20 population)
But just imagine if that Jewish Madagascar idea came to be
It's actually just a song reference
We study from western textbooks such as Kumar & Clark, Harrison, etc.
After Croatia defeated Russia on the WorldCup 2018, our defense player Domagoj Vida and some other guy were punished for saying [Slava Ukraini] Eventually, a lot of Ukrainians bashed Fifa’s facebook page and even few representatives in the [Ukrainian parliament wore Croatian jerseys] as a sign of support
, if we fix that, maybe a part of corruption could be killed
Donald Dumb:
HRT 1 which is short for "Hrvatska radiotelevizija 1" (Croatian Radiotelevision 1)
Oh sorry I thought they meant Eurozone, I mixed them up.
Looks rather similar for me
Jesus was born around 5 AD
God forbid I forget to put on sunscreen
Besides, this is a text post which explains my reasoning.
Not the first time Turks hired Serbs to get a job done.
This just looks forgettable
Only 1800 personnel, most of them were cops, others were volunteers, poorly equipped, with only light weaponry or outdated rifles
Di si ti bio
Matica hrvatska was founded in 1842 with the purpose of promoting national and cultural identity in the fields of artistic, scientific and spiritual creativity, economy and public life, and care for social development
Within the next year or so, we got plenty of these smuggled weapons, also we straight up [stole a lot of stuff from the JNA bases scattered around,] and then we basically turned into a war-economy in the next few years.
For Croatia it’s Russian with Italian accent according to people I’ve talked to (as an Uber in Croatia) but it might be different for Northern Croats
but refuse to come once Umayyad were here
Reee, he was ours
Tit
While i'm guessing people from slavonija or even zagreb wouldnt understand a word of proper istrian dialect
I've worked in McDonalds for three months when I was in HS ( in Croatia ) and hygiene standards were extremely high
There are many things to be thankful to those further away from us, but I'll stick to neighbours and those who were in contact with us more intensely
There was this huge pictorial depiction of crime by ethnicity in Germany floating around the web for months, but I am not sure how legit it is.
Saying something is "sranje" is always a bad thing
Take Alaska, Hawaii, Rocky mountain, central plains, Appalachian mountains, cold nort east, wild north western nature, deserts, aligators and swamps on the south
Withehaed was financing and working together with Ivan Luppis, so first torpedos were called Luppis-Whitehead
wining the popular vote and winning the electoral collage has been synonymous.
The country is "Nizozemska" and your language is "Nizozemski"
If one is a hooligan, it's not much of a stretch to assume he's a nazi.
Eh, cute, I was expecting German level of strange naming, like Darmstadt.
Dalmatinska Zagora - people are very primitive there
Osijek is also a city I would like to put because near it ,a new highway is in the making,a new stadium is going to be built and a new campus for students is also there
If we don't dunk him next year I'm going to be more than disappointed
It's the musical equivalent of surströmming
Bikes get stolen a lot everywhere
On the other hand, Ceska, get back in line with others.
just
There is a difference between a slap and really beating your child IMO.
Hum, the smallest town in Croatia and the world, with 15-30 inhabitants
Hungarian bagpipes at the 30th National Táncház Festival & Fair
No, that would be climate change.
Biggest shock you can feel I think
Is that correct
Hm, well at least when it comes to history, off the top of my head you have the Macedonian dispute with Greeks (how related was Alexander to modern-day FYROMians and Greeks) and also the issue of whether they're South-Slavs or Bulgarians, also how Slav/not-Slav Bulgarians are in the first place etc.
My own father, then he started with rules
If you're going to any country using a more popular currency like USD, CAD, JPY, CHF, etc, you can just buy it from your bank
[trash in bosnian rivers]
I don't know about my compatriot, it's possible he's lying.
Maybe that's why you don't see it
For anyone wondering, this is the spot
Also Kopacki Rit one of the last preserved swamp systems in Europe and Papuk which is also a geopark because when the pannonian sea existed Papuk was an island and now has unique mountain structure seen nowhere else in the world, and the great-grandfather of Queen Elizabeth was born in Osijek(city in Croatia) . Just wanted to put some inland stuff  because people usually talk about the coastline
Anime about every kind of sport or game imaginable is really common.
I used to hate our music and especially dalmatian klapa, but now it reminds me so much of summer and being home
Honorary **Macedonia** even though they are not neighbours - food and music
10 kn expensive loaf of bread or a dozen eggs
Change it to the half is German and the other Croatian
And Estonians to Latvia (when does the cycle end
Kosovo would stay frozen as it is for the time being
But I feel like any narrative could be sold in the US under the guise of "they stealin ur freedom" which is why they shreek at government trying to limit their corporate overlords
yeah, i fucking hate the wind as well
I guess the EP didn't want to anger the leftists so they left out the word communism
I also think that it's the classic case of the grass is always greener and that other countries dont have it any better than us here
For example, there is no requirement to publish phase 1 clinical trial data in the US (they're working on it), even though many of them are funded by government grants.
These are literal translations so bare with me.
if you mean specifically hide-and-seek, "Tko se nije skrio, magarac je bio
Some do
So we have no evidence that vikings or frankish had crucible steel.
I’d still say loosing everything Russia has fought for since the 1600s is a bit worse than loosing Alaska though
It is a carbonated drink like coke but with some herbs added to it and with its special touch
Italia: Really deep and fun conversation in Biella
Where do we get all that renewable energy from
There is some kind of a chance now
47 would enjoy that
Edit: You can put any verb instead of "jebe" on that place and it will translate to the: "I feel like *insert the verb*"
Papal state sounds like a totalitarian regime
You say that as if girl can't have swastika on her medal if she wants to.
This happens because the only condition for getting a pension like that is to have two eye witnesses, you can see how this might work
Just go to some thread fertile for them from a few days ago, you will see they are still arguing.
i like how scandinavian names sound
Make it as easy as possible to transport large amount of luggage, both on the train, but also, when switching between trains by offering baggage trolleys
Also English is one of 3 obligatory exams you need to pass to finish high school (Croatian (language + literature), Maths and first language which is almost exclusively English
5% if I'm lucky
1HRK - a single chewing gum
In fact, I believe it would be an insult to them to even propose such a thing
I recall one of his presidential rallies when he said, and I quote: "The world is laughing at us, folks
Straight people
Cause they're blue instead of red.
It’s considered budget with mediocre quality
Just remember us in cooler times after we're all gone
[zamjenit cu te gorim] by natali dizdar
Hahaha, you have no idea just how much you proved my point with that question, despite its purpose.
Where did you get this copy pasta?
His posts are usually "alternate facts" but this one is pretty accurate.
de-radicalize these individuals yeah like thats gonna work you should have taken their citizenship and leave them in syria
No its not its opposite we love germans most of us
Erm yes, Finland was part of the Russian Empire despite being a duchy.
You can't mispronounce a word and say "look, we say it like this". The correct way to pronounce the English given name Scott is [ˈskɑ:t], which is very different from a Serbian word skot, all I'm saying
Though I do quite often take a dip in the sea to cool off
Because the south always seemed more interesting and fun to me
- russia
Those are just some interesting facts, I am sure Croatians could continue the list
Also the town of Vukovar which looked like a post-apocalyptic town  after the war and all the Serbs and Croats together sharing the same town
I would say its about 30%. Its been declining, but i feel like quite a lot of young people of both sexes smoke nowadays while before it was mostly men
Really cool one is that a Croat was the last king of Hawaii
The whole "draw by hand" thing is not a hard rule but a rule of thumb and a very subjective one at that
Ah our monthly dose of commuting Austrian president
It will always be Česka for us :)
Maček was fine with that, he just didn't want to give official party support to the Ustaše, probably hoping that at some point the old regime would come back
Literally every building has them
[For example Alexa agrees with that.]
For example I can't remember anyone calling their firs cousins (uncle/aunt's children) by anything other than just "rođak". The only ones used semi regularly are the names for spouses parents, and children's spouses, but even then mostly in "mother-in-law" jokes
sunce (the sun) is neuter, but iirc the modern word is a diminutive of the originally feminine one
They defeated the Ottomans with the help of half of the Europe.
For one of the more famous figures in world history I still think he's actually underrated
There are many many more instances of French influence going back to freaking Charlemagne but my post is getting pretty long so I got to draw a line somewhere
Well it used to be Serbo-Croatian.
Kurac or Idi u pičku materinu are a lot better
But considering that the talks over creating united European army are going nowhere I guess it is normal that the countries that feel threatened want some kind of assist in defence
Yes its people from Istria and Dalmatia(can understand them more then Istrians) we speak Croatian but bro its hard to understand them
Hard or soft Čokolino
Strong word for strong bullshit
They have no say in it, just show it.
This goes for Bavaria, I don't know what other shops are popular in other parts of Germany
It's 25€ for up to "50mbps" (in reality it's around 4-10mbps) here in Croatia
Neutrality, Euroskepticism, Recognition of Palestine, etc
A musical
Not in a million years
Balkan wars is something of a prelude to world war 1
Becaus they are state sponsoreld propaganda.
So, Kemalism is de facto dead
Can you give me some reasons
Anti social behavior in general is more prevalent/normal in the UK/IRE than on the mainland, same with the drinking and the consequences of drinking
It shows one set of voters as stupid and behind the other voters who are smarter and who live in more developed areas
Here in Croatia, on the coast, we play with italian cards, and they are very similar to spanish
I feel like that and many other conversations which are political which Europe has reached a consensus with (free healthcare good, unions are a right, guns bad) would have been avoided
Hah I doubt germany with merkel can be second, switzerland will be second most likely
No, at least not the ''Gymnasium'' students.
Basically pork soup with veggies which is cooled down to a temperature in which you can cut it
City bikes are cool for casual rides tho
Oh, let me tell you, Slovenia is pretty big in both the inferiority and superiority complex
I am always astounded when I see a slovene person (usually football players/coaches or singers) speaking more or less perfect croatian with journalists
''Se'' is a shortened version of ''sebe'', you probably have it in Czech
In turn, however, that's what makes the infamous separation between upper and lower class so widespread
Just don't mention the war
Its so much quicker and it can look good (although mine doesnt)
For example, we have "šukun" and "čukun djed", and I honestly can't remember which "tier" of grandfather they are
The Caucasus chain divides Europe from Asia
I agree on Starčević, though I think he was a more interesting and nuanced figure than people think today
Germany doesnt vet or deport, please tell me what is she doing to fight the potential terorists?
Croatia budget in 2017 is 17.6 billion dollars.
Most of the wood used for its navy (1500s on) came from the baltic region
Thank you for the correction on the first thing.
He and his soldiers all died in the battle, but they caused great losses on the Ottoman side, who then withdrew instead of going to the final target, Vienna.
Usually it is a result of a smaller settlement/fortification expanding, the older walls remain while a new one is built.
Heh, but you'd end up being "Dojčland" - just doesn't have the same look to it :>
Only good thing about this is that I tested my reflexes
They or they parents were in the war
It's A CONSPIRACY
In the name of the Father  Son and WiFi
O I'm sorry you can't see what is Infront of your eyes but seriously it is no secret that EU wants more power and thinks of national governments as something of a relic and how we should all be governed by one government because for the elite the people are dummies
Red Bull Salzburg is a pretty big deal in European football
Funny to me is that you first mentioned penis, very typical for us
yeah that's the irony of the left.
There has been a suggestion to name it "Golubica" (Dove) and it got rejected
Any further disintegration of B&H is a horrible idea.
Yeah we know the epicenter was in Zagreb
Chinese or Indian or other Asian cultures are barely mentioned, as well as Central/South American - all of them are udually a single paragraph
There is no place for honesty in international politics and for the big players, all politics is international.
>Cyprus is Greece too
Franjo at least suceeded in most of his endevours so I would say he was competent even if you disagree with his actions
Wow, crazy
Sarma
When the sex is sus
It is called [Institut za hrvatski jezik i jezikoslovlje]
May 1st is holiday, but if it falls on weekend then you are out of luck
I almost shit myself
Portugal is also my choice
Traditionally, we don't decorate the trees inside our houses before the December 24th, although some people do.
/r/theydidthemath
He and his friends, mistresses and cousins have stolen godknows how much of our money and years of what would have been progress
All in all it doesn't feel really good
To be honest, Reformist block sounds like the best choice (not that there is any great choice), but it smells a lot like MOST in Croatia which in the end made it (as a minor coalition partner), but had too much corruption scandals for my liking already.
So reports about heroic german soldiers fighting on the eastern front in WW2 would not be war propaganda either?
I didn't understand a single word in the first example, aside from the last sentence which I think meant "Give evryone a Žuja (Croatian beer brand)"
The new Lada models are looking good though, if they sold those new Niva Urbans here I would be interested
That is something you should ask them, not me.
Whether you say "Yes" or "No", you confirm his assumption anyways, and thus European media is calling Middle-Easterners 'Asian'.
That is one step further from just being occupied.
But the rest of the country seems really good but I'm not going in there as long as hes there
But I'm not really sure that makes anyone here "petrified".
more than few times
(Don't disabuse me of that notion.)
Emigration, especially among young people, is high
In Tvrđa itself you have cobblestone streets with old classy buildings all around with schools everywhere
Formally, VdL had nothing to do with that council and its conclusions
You simply cannot use them against a conventional army if it's backed by nukes it self because getting conquered is still preferable to getting nuked in return.
My history teacher tried to tell me that Austria was forced to join Germany ...
Now i feel croatian because i grew up here, bosnia is just another neighbouring country to me
GDR anthem is like 10 times better and more representative of Germany imo
Poland is the last country that would let him in
However, we would need to speak slowly but we could still understand each other.
Yes, but as an elective subject
Do you use some form of vešmašina (Waschmaschine) or flajšmašina (Fleischmaschine)
[Šibenik cathedral] - very unusual mix of gothic and Renaissance styles, incredible structural solutions for its dome and vaults
Bomb the capital nation lead by the guy that gave [this]#Peroration) speech; whatever his faults were he surely didn't lack the determination to fight back.
Basically rich countries see them selves as culturally similar to rich countries and dissimilar to poor countries because culture is percieved superficially
I fully support the Habsburgs ruling over us again
1991 - present Modern Republic of Croatia
Contrast that with ethnic groups like Basques or Catalans for example who speak a different language and are visibly distinct from the majority ethnic group
he is right your plan is beyond common sense, what about crew you can't just make 200 submarines, that just sink carriers.carriers are protected by 100s of shit and planes.
It kinda distorts the line between Nazis and those that claim to be anti-nazis, both go after violence and it's just a never ending circle of fighting, Germany has laws against such things, it should be left to the authorities to sanction the guy
It's one win after the other, by the time I came to the end I was grinning like a loon, and then Greece did me in x''D
You can't even have the concept
Oh yeah, I hate grah too
In Croatian, when saying "the two ^(or ^any ^other ^quantity) of you" , we can specify wether the people we're referring to are all male, female or mixed
I ment with with Montenegro, but ok, you ELI5 to me, a Croatian which profession is law what are Croatian border disputes.
That's a lot of hidden comments
They all became American though and started identifying themselves as such quite quickly.
Saying "Polish death camps" should be perfectly clear to anyone above the age of 12 that it wasn't the Polish in control of those camps
The literally translation is: "Fucks to me""
Taking in millions of refugees?
burek sa sirom ... mmmm
Were not you the one who claimed that mods would delete the dick measuring threads when it comes to remove kebap?
Just google Bad Blue Boys- Torcida rivarly but it's mostly capital city vs second biggest city in a country
The Bolsheviks did in fact fuck everything up.
Fun fact: this plane is MiG 21 it’s still used by the Croatian and Romanian airforce, though they’re getting retired this year in Romania (replaced by F-16s) and in the next 2-3 years in Croatia (replaced by F-16s or Grippens)
I can recieve all channels available in my region ([here is list of region and channels] and 24 channels from neighbouring countries.
And I work a normal job, a good job
Oh yeah
Croatia would have to side with the Bosniaks though, that would skew the situation in F Bosnia's favor.
Slavs: I am 4 parallel universes ahead of you
Fact #2: Slovenia is the smallest country, both by population (2 million) and land area (20,273 km²; 7,827 sq mi), to have nuclear power.
Abortion is like the total opposite of that :D
And serbs be like: "But we were not aggressors, we defended"
>Most agree that the EU isn't worth losing Kosovo (or at least losing rights to Kosovo), it's too important to us culturally, historically and not to mention our people and cultural sights are in danger there so it's basically betrayal at that point
Happened to me last week when I went to a job interview in Hamburg
You can rest easy knowing I'm not Istrian
Don't know how you say it but Croatian has ikavian dialect
I've never been there but people say that girls from Novi Sad are something else
This looks bad, similar to our older commie buildings but they put trees between them
but the goal was to achieve balance!
Wait a sec, your flair isn't Croatia
You choose the least bad option
Last living heir to the Ottoman Empire dead at 92
You can also take any number of other exams if anybody's wondering)
It depends on who am I talking to.
Well language is a big deal - most of our youth knows enough English, German and other languages are a different story.
That is a slighty controversial topic but imho native Istrian Croats and Italians aside, a large portion of people pushing hard for Istrian identity are second or third generation Serbs, Bosniaks, Montegrins etc
We are not friends we are BROTHERS
“Što se bijeli u gori zelenoj
No Vignettes for Croatian Motorways
Ugodan dan
Over time they gained both Imperial Habsburg (as the Habsburgs were elected kings of the remnants of Croatia) and Venetian patronage, and the two increasingly started using them for their own interests and gains
You'll have everything your heart desires
I think universally we can all agree BiH is always close to us
It's like after watching that one ted talk, everyone is an expert on flag design
I even like this song: [Paris is burning] Oh, and she's great
Maybe change up a few of the lyrics to fit and it would be a pretty nice anthem
Isn't it
Not most beautiful one, far from it, but [Bosnia and Herzegovina plates] have practical reason behind it
In Croatian "abyss" is "ponor".
I know I should understand slovenian but just wow hahaha looks the same as croatian but it's not
1941 - 1945 Independent State of Croatia
Hungary is Central Europe
Nunc risus elit, rutrum a magna nec, egestas viverra justo
No, this is what we call a joke, made by someone who doesn't believe bosnian, croatian and serbian are different languages.
Lol watch Croatian or Kosovo parliament,that shit is on another level of uncivilized
Clodomir sounds weirdly Slavic
There's this movement called the "Pride" movement
Croatian and Polish are Slavic languages, and that certainly helped, but nevertheless it was very good.
Same way as finland doesn't really have anything to do with hungary despite the languages being related
[Adam Driver is apparently part German]
Congrats people, your idiotic lack of self restraint has made us lose the right to make fun of the Yanks
Part of the reason is because of Eastern European racism against immigrants.
(We are not talking about provinces here or regions, but republics
It is a strong, independent market that don't need no man.
Wow, thanks for taking time to write all of that!
Nice, didn't know about that
They immediately disconnected
True was just wondering if anything had changed since I heard last
We don't have bike sharing (even tho a lot of people use them) ,but hey bike theft has been pretty high recently and that's a kind of (involuntary) sharing, right?
Also macedonian and bulgarian are also quite understandable for us
And I was like ''whatchu talkin' about
Risk can be lowered, but it all depends how much of your privacy you are willing to sacrifice.
They are, for real, [everywhere] protecting everything from [a zebra] to a [traffic sign] and even  [a tree
Thank you for this
If you want to, you should be able to without getting branded a fascist or looked at weird by others.
That's because we don't care how we say it ;)
I know only about some in my town (Dubrovnik)
Happy bulldog
Ovo je valjda jedna od najjadnijih uvreda koju sam ikad procitao
You don't really think consciously about her last name being a color
I was at the border of the earthquake so I just felt it a little bit
On that list I might put Ante Starčević. Although influential in developing Croatian national identity,  his writing can come of as really primitive and xenophobic
Hands down *unsavoury* Germany in UMC
* So, during an event, a person wearing a "STAFF" shirt approached a girl and asked for her ID, she pulled out her wallet, as just as she took out her ID from her wallet, the fake staff member swiped her wallet and ran
I would say so
Slovenia is always in Croatian news
And nobody is talking about the bridge of Gibraltar
Ive seen people do that
In Istria and north east Italy we call them Triestine, and are used to play briškula and trešete (both game names are from italian)
Americans are using steam catapult for decades now which is supposedly significant upgrade over Russians ski jump platform which is cheaper but requires aircraft with higher thrust ratio engines.
The old design was soooo much better IMO.
and your Alfa being made to move your ass from point A to B in relative comfort for about 10 years.
Although half of us was still under age they gave us sampels of different types of Becherovka to try and review
The answer would probably be icelandic and maybe french for women because it sounds really sexy
[The only cooperation between the two] I could find after 1850
**Czech/Slovak**: usually in families of 4, they like to rent a small boat and act as a captain for the duration of their stay, like to go around on small islands rather than staying on a single place
I know the situation
As to why
Croatia has a president that looks (looked) great in bikini.
I tried them once, they're alright
Disobedience is also shown in what we would call two biblical syndromes of disobedient women: "Martha Syndrome", an disobedient activist woman without peace of mind and "Magdalene Syndrome", a lazy woman of comfort and pleasures, overly caring about herself.
Oh yeah
The biggest story in Croatia is, as always, a pitiful insult sharing between politicians
I would say so, yes
Will a teamspeak or discord of some sorts be provided or will we just coordinate over steam?
I fly from Venice, much closer, some even go to Budapest
Your dealings with infidels and heretics are calling for a divine punishment.
And I guess we have a lot of Slavic and/or Latin/ancient Greek words, since the standard Croatian language uses only words that are of these origins
They think they're the smartest, they talk the most and interrupt others, but in reality they're pretty dumb
It wasn't his dog, but the neighbors
And these ppl have friends and families
Can't tell you how many times we had a fight when i got out the shower, entered the room to get dressed and i see the wide open window with -10 outside
Also, any chance of getting some EU investment since you're formally in the ascension process?
Not all religions are created equal.
I hope it goes to the garbage bin of history
All the system is broken
The only possible location where they can increase the prices is the local markets but even they have their prices displayed
And yet, the post gets 1000+ upvotes and his comment lying about our insignia gets 400.
Yeah, it took me by surprise too
Their concerts are broadcast on major TV stations.
is the earthquake hallucinations" or something like that
Even the most primitive societies have territory, a hunting grounds on which they don't allow other groups to hunt.
I see
The bombs weren't armed though
Donji Miholjac-Croatian/Alsomiholjac-Hungarian/Unter-Miholtz-German
Foreigners just got the wrong image about it.
It is regularly taught in schools, but doesn't have too much significance in everyday life as it only lasted 7 years and didn't encompass whole of Croatia
There is such thing called CDN
Yes, we have quite a bit in Croatia, here are just 2 biggest ones: amphitheater in Pula and Diocletian palace in Split
Both
...is what he wants you to think.
And if you think this is crazy wait till you hear how we celebrate his death and that special time when he left a cave 3 days later
Dont go driving in bosnia then mate, there are whole cars and washing machines in ther rivers just dumped near a road, people are really disgusting here in southeast europe
Not
When I was growing up I thought that was a normal amount of poles to keep the traffic normal and safe
Lul trying to summarize ex-yu's cursing in 1 word
When i was in elementary school our geography teacher even taught us that we share a maritime border with Italy but still a border
"Gore" means up there, hills, they're burning and worse
Especially because most of the words that are different are still well known in all countries, so for example, while Croatians don't use the words hljeb, pantalone or šargarepa ("bread", "pants" and "carrot"), most people here know what they mean
She died of old age, 100 year old
And most countries here dont even have that.
Something something costa rica in 2014 WC
The eldest brother was called Hrvat and he had sons Leh, Čeh and Meh, and a daughter Vilina.
TIL that "heatwave" is 27 celsius
You can find them on google earth in the coves around Božava and Dragove
Nah, it's actually the opposite
bmk(boli me kurac) = my dick hurts (literal) = I don't care (idiomatic)
SCUM - online zombie survival multiplayer
U is for always here
Newly employed secretary who just can't seem to stop trying to suck up to Germany in every concievable way
All federal rep had a long history and were independent in some point in history
I adore my dialect cause it's a combo of Italian and Croatian, it's hard to understand for other Croatians
We'd then kick the ball as hard as we could, while usually doing our best to hit the middle area under the ass, hoping that the ball will strike the nuts
You’re welcome
Btw, Croatia , as a result, was given two times more money for the period of 2021-2027, than 2013-2020
I cant think of young ruza
I meant the dudes TYT named themselves after;
Best organ donation/transplant system
Germany is yet to start deporting, their estimates on people that need to be deported arent followed trough, they had over 80.000 people on that list since 2015 and a lot of them are still avoiding deportation.
Well, I know that Minnesota is not Michigan, which surpasses the knowledge of Trump's lawyers
It's just that governments believe it's worth the risk to help migrant crisis.
with a population larger than any in Europe except Russia.
At the end of the day Sweden is a safer place to live than the US.
We are afraid
yeah, we have scorpions everywhere down here
Ok maybe Macedonians are positive, I was pleasantly surprised when I visited
It's sad really
For example, we have "šukun" and "čukun djed", and I honestly can't remember which "tier" of grandfather they are
my american friend once said sung croatian sounds a lot like spanish
How is it pronounced
> You people
Thenn after a while he helped him escape back to Croatia where he fought in the partisans
The same French that warned USA of how retarded it is to go in Iraq?
Oh yeah, I saw that
Imagine living with them your whole life
Oh god why I only just recently forgot about that.
There are a lot of movies from other countrys we have german cobra 11 uk movies too few from us and turkish ones were a lot of times seen
Small modular nuclear reactors are kind of a space propulsion thing.
Argentina's economy collapsed from the mid 70s ...
Nonetheless, these nations have significant faults in other democratic aspects, including underdeveloped political culture, low levels of participation in politics, and issues in the functioning of governance.
Greetings from Croatia
You’ve never heard about the Czechs
they find it very well known
What the fuck is wrong with you Germany?
[I would say this one] it shows a tank of JNA going over a red Fiat 500 when the Serbian army was entering Osijek
Yup, when one regular died, a candle was lit in front of the bar and everyone that could went to his funeral
Don't worry, it was and is all nice, I like Slovenia
Game is called Bela
All the system is broken
Northerners are funny
which simply isnt correct
Is that from a movie adaptation?
I think this is actually a pretty dumb sentiment
Well you have a gradient from 3 to 6, then it switches to shades of purple for 7-8, 9 is brown, 10 red - ok those two are a bit weird, then nice blue 11-14, and then shades of grey.
So it is common in names and many many abbreviations
Did you draw a wizard
Ireland (great buncha lads)
Not in detail, more like a general synopsis
Me too
Well we slavs understand each other very much but which one is easier to read than listen to
This guy is right
They're the complete opposite of the most popular type of war songs from the 90s where the enemy was brutally humiliated in songs, on a ridiculous level
There are still families looking for fathers and sons burried in mass graves that the Serbian government knows about or could find out about but refuses to do so since it could implicate them in war crimes.
Just to add this: I don't hate America, nor do I hate Americans
Such is life in South-Eastern Europe.
Ti se javljaš, komunjaro
NAMES
It took me about an hour to learn how to pronounce it semi-fluently, and now I'm just waiting for an opportunity to flex on everyone with it
Because my friends dont even have time for home work sometimes
4 day work week would likely have no impact
It really depends of EU members, if we are satisfied with results of reforms.
Haven't regretted it one bit
Park rangers telling people to exit because the visiting day is over
I'd even say they're up to par with the English ones, honestly
"Austrian identity" existed but it wasn't any less German than Prussian or Bavarian identity at the time
Atleast we would save Hungary from Orban
they even have shrines for their "heroes" and pm's pay homage there
There are still 11 UN member states which haven't formally recognised Croatia or established diplomatic relations with Croatia
Some of the lyrics:
OOTL
" ("Tell me about it, Im gonna shit myself
I think you never heard of a place called Balkans
Montenegrin, Russian and French anthems are among my favourites
And during the weekends they come back and spend free time with family and friends
And of course finally we have the decision to use nuclear weapons against Japan, not Germany.
How many people did get hurt
sljedeće na listi je mod celog sveta
Move the refugees there and ...
And the water she uses is ice cold to me while it's lukewarm for her
And it will be even more confusing in years to come
Ali slazem se
Because almost all of the Frances top players are from Africa and all Croatias players are true Croats
Maybe that's for the best of things
Bosnia yes, but not Croatia
Hvala puno :)
Simply because the vocabulary is different.
I haven't heard much Slovak though.
Would it tho
For artists that are still alive and popular, I would recommend Gibonni
Other notable players:
He was a Nazi puppet leader :(.
Some Romanian was spoken in Captain America: Winter Soldier as well, no
This is music chart with Croatian songs only.
Do contribute to society
Once it snowed during the night and it was enough to cover everything white but the next day was like sunny 8°C and it all melted away by noon
Do you eat bread with pasta
I would say Zagreb Cathedral, Diocletian's Palace in Split and the Arena in Pula
**¯\\\_\(ツ\)\_/¯**
Why not Russia
S I S U
They are not even allowed to drink alcohol.
For example, if you go outside on the wind with your hair wet, you will get meningitis.
Yeah hahah like *"Dvadeset"* (20) becomes *"dvaest"* or *"dvajst"*.
The Ey-Yugoslav countries would be the ones who constantly complain about his office neighbours to the chief, but they hang out with each other at every coffee break
And if you learn Croatian proper usually we can hear a non-native speaker and also most people actually learn Serbian rather than Croatian because it is a little bit easier
Wow, didn't know this was a thing outside the Balkans
Phasellus interdum vulputate risus
That was 76 years before Columbus discovered US
Saudi Arabia, Qatar, UAE are scared of Islamic State members coming to their turf and removing monarchy.
Vas dvije - the two of you (girls)
Happy independence day from Croatia Slavic Brothers️
Dubrovnik - Ragusa
If you're in East or Central Croatia people will most likely know English and German, on ckast English and Italian
ONE-TIME" flyer
Solar Arrays are also a Space thing.
Matthias Corvinus did it on the first try
"Luk" means bow (weapon), arc, arch and onion
I was coming home from the city center and some spanish guys asked me where is Dražen Petrović Museum and Memorial center
EU as a state, perhaps and I hope so - we'll be stronger together
Oh my god Switzerland sounds like a paradise
Kebab is overrated
No one who's second language is English speaks in an English dialect unless they've lived a long time in primarily English speaking society.
i only remember hearing there were protests in serbia and bulgaria(idk if those are still happening)
You can see some scaffolding in the picture ... Zagreb started to repair buildings lately, but there are still a lot that are in pretty bad shape
>especially since Paris has fewer inhabitants than Berlin
But there's some different version for a lot of major cities in Europe
Tito or Pavelić
Remember, that nationalism is a product of the 18th and 19th century, and that the 20th century happenings tied to it are merely a result of nationalism stemming into the right wing spectrum.
Hahaha what a coincidence didn't know Russians and Ukranians have a similar thing
Klek - He was a giant who was flirting with Perun's(Slavic god) wife.
[The only cooperation between the two] I could find after 1850
Then they put in new [Constitution from 1974] that the decision about secession needs to be unanimous
I actually really like Vienna
But during that blissful period in the nineties there actually were people that thought hard power would disappear forever.
Judging by Polskie drogi series on Youtube I have to say your roads seem to be in better shape than this survey suggests they are.
The downside is that a significant percentage of cash goes under the table back to Santa
You got football fan gangs, immigrant smugglers, drug labs, muttualy hating nationalities
Called him out on his behaviour, his managers' behaviours and treatment of the collegaues, imposible deadlines and unpaied long overtimes (we stayed in the company for more than 2 hours overtime each day, which is illegal in Germany
Hmmmm
Thanks for that
This is why we love Italians
That's foreign right
Well, some of them are now maybe a bit old-fashiony
Yeah, I've been with my girlfriend, and it's kinda amusing I guess, but nothing special
Apparently a few people killed themselves in despair for their homes and loved ones
**Rijeka** - also on the coast, but culturally and historically is a lot more closely tied with Zagreb
Jesus fuck, that's a lot of fuel
The private sector should be largely unaffected by a government debt crisis, unless of course the government was propping up the private sector as well as employing so many people directly that layoffs and pay cuts for government employees cascaded out and hit every other sector.
Language is just a dialect with an army
I mean we had map threads of "which country jokes about which" and they worked well, despite how ridiculous the topic is and how error-prone the "data collecting" for that must have been.
Tnx for the reply
And this shit, right here, just shows the extent of belligerent narcissism of Donald Trump
>The battle exhausted the JNA and proved a turning point in the Croatian war
"Oh
Otherwise, it's unlocked
I feel stereotypical in some ways and the opposite in others and the same would be the case in pretty much any other country
Even though it is very hard to read and that just makes it an automatic turn off, I still very enjoyed the story and  that it uses these characters to send a message to the Dubrovnik nobility
Rest of exYugoslavia and Europe mostly uses commas
I visited Finland on a student exchange last year and we I played this with my host
Albanians: masters of bakery and pastry.
A year
to be honest turbofolk is popular in Croatia too, but I think that girls in casual and everyday life wear less makeup but weekend you can see all sorts of
Should Russia consider EU/NATO as their enemy?
I have a suggestion
There is not one country in the history of the world where the poor had any real amount of political power.
Wait, wait, wait
It's not like the UK is some tiny-ass irrelevant country, with or without EU, or that the only thing they can bring to the table is money (and lame food).
But to be fair, similar could be said for Croatia.
Like what if I wanted to buy a jacket from Norway
Morbi in ultricies augue, eu tristique magna
LOL That's the case with Serbian and Croatian
Josip Jelačić, ban of Croatia in the mid-19th century
There is no commonly agreed upon Brexit strategy.
I feel like this applies to myself, so I'll explain why exactly we "defend" these assholes
Do german schools pay for students' trips themselves
this is a link to the most serious disasters in Croatia by death toll if someone wants to read
Adam felt sorry for his wife Eve, he didn't want to leave her alone in her sin, but he wanted to be close to her, even in that sinful pity.
You can research more if you want.
Scotland can still opt for Euro if determined to join and this is actually necessary
You don't have to eat overpowering and hot third world spices to have spicy food
In Croatian its 1 stol, 2 stola, 3 stola, 4 stola and for 5 and above it's stolova
“Be careful not to go, small as thou are, under the stars, man
Why is this so amusing to me
>Vukovar was defended by around 1,800 lightly armed soldiers of the Croatian National Guard (ZNG) and civilian volunteers, against as many as 36,000 JNA soldiers and Serb paramilitaries equipped with heavy armour and artillery
Ako dobro paše u prijevodu, zašto ne ?
It is still a question what the USA will do.
I've heard this before, but I can't believe it, the tips are already in the price
We're in this together
Since you have done some research and are from Ukraine can you tell me about Ukranian "ikavian"? How much people use it, is it standard in some areas
Croatian Disney Princess is the daughter of a war veteran (likely a fake one) turned politician, has access to everything for free, her companion is a marten, and her magical power is making the tax payers' money disappear
In what damn fantasy world do you live in ?
It's available
From Croatian pow Split is considered full of trash and junkies, rude and uncivilised people, so its not rated at all :)
This is a common misconception with outsiders who fail to notice nuances.
EDIT
(5,5 km long)
"Yeah, just another Tuesday, why do you ask
Uff, you do not want to go down that road
[NSFW]Today Croatia marks 25 years of fall of Vukovar (gallery)
If Russia takes over Europe, the UK is next
Ustashe genocide most probably
It's debatable
The only reason you even call Tesla Motors an American company is because they're stationed there
I'm Croatian, and it's not like the situation here is much better, but it's quantifiably worse in Serbia: while Croatia held its first Pride parade in 2002 and then onward, it took Serbia until 2014 to hold one successfully (yes, there were a few Pride parades in Serbia, one in 2001 & 2010 in Belgrade, and another in Novi Sad in 2007, but all ended in violence, and the 2010 one was the most infamous one
>I think the general perception about this theme is screwed, Italy (including the south) has a low [murder rate] (0,67 over 100
Some weirder threes are Krk or Srđ
>The main focus of /r/Europe is the geographical region of Europe within the borders of the Caucasus, Ural and Bosporus strait (plus Cyprus, Greenland as well as the Caucasus countries Armenia, Azerbaijan and Georgia)
Maybe that's why the people appear cold and uninterested in the conversation, it's a situation no one expects to be talked to.
Not really
Looks like some traditional garments
Those are rooky numbers
Just felt wrong
Well it is certainly more far right than left
For an example:
But that wouldn't be considered a carrot in UK because the main rallying points of Brexit were less immigration and more sovereignty, both of whom you can kiss goodbye if you want to stay in the common market.
I think thats rather common in whole europe
Well that would make Croatia and Bosnia central Europe
Quintillion = kvintilijun
For Croatia it’s Russian with Italian accent according to people I’ve talked to (as an Uber in Croatia) but it might be different for Northern Croats
It was called the Congo Free State and it was the personal property of King Leopold
Yeah, the main reason why so many of us move to your country
Probably "U boj, boj":
Still, fascinating to learn that
20 days
[IMO the speech that Vlado Gotovac held at the beginning of the Homeland war.]
It's a really old joke, but whatever you say :P
And yet, go to the other thread and witness 100 comments spitting on Croatia and accusing us of a million things.
There were few reports and they were all conflicting
I don't eat bread
Mountain bike, because paths here can be shitty, and if you're downtown, cobblestone streets are not comfortable for a bike without suspension
Ive seen people do that
[Ukraine] with their flower crowns.
Džon mejd hiz vei tu e tevrn tru d dark forast, onli tu fajnd aut dat hi forgat d monij
Always wondered why we use helicopter when we have a perfectly normal croatian word for it: zrakomlat (literally "the thing that beats up air")
We take things that aren't human and give them human traits.
lolgay
We have "dž" (so two characters) for the hard sound of "đ". Also that "đ" can be spelled as "dj", just not in the official use
I recommend watching Goran Milić's documentary series Tada i Sada:Hrvatska, BiH i Srbija
Soooo, about campi Flegrei, how big of an eruption is expected
Da ti bubrege otpuše
Those pricks from Dubrovnik can't handle 10cm of snow.
Same here
I support this decision....could we please include Big Brothers, Survivors and similar trash that brings down your IQ to negative levels.
:O I must have missed that season, but to be fair, there are a lot of seasons.
Plenty of Le Pen and EU falling apart (lulz), too.
But yeah, denmark seems like a place to be
If you'll follow the German Anschluss of the best places on our beaches, same sunscreen policy applies here \^^
If one would support separatism of Republika Srpska, not supporting separatism of Kosovo is highly hypocritical.
Thanks, /r/Europe , for crying nazism and accusing Croatia of being a fascist state
That’s the line
Pretty sure that's not exclusive to germany
It might seem stupid, slavic countries all around
A few historians of the time are considered credible, including Thallos, Josephus and Tacitus
The same can be said for the US government.
The lads do that thing in the UK thinking that dressing up as a woman is some sort of hilarious joke no one ever thought of before
Transliterating foreign names into your language (when you have a viable alphabet to spell them as originally) seems to bastardize them for me
We have that in Serbo-Croatian, it's spelled Svetozar, mostly used by Serbs
"We are just now talking about the wolf and here the wolf comes at the door" used when you almost seem to have summoned someone/something by talking about them
Also no lockers
Trump's election has probably emboldened swarms of people into publicly supporting the right wing.
They supposedly inhabited the Croatian territories in the 7th century and are considered to be the ancestors of Croats today
For all of you not familiar with the fact, Zagreb has a high number of people from Herzegovina
If I absolutely must pick one, then summer time, I guess
It seems Germany is enabling this kind of behaviour.
I would rather play in Croatian if it's possible
I know a lot of commies from there
You are not my friend by any reasonable definition of the word
Lol, not even close
sejm
We pledge we'll go every year, and then somehow end up never going lol
I'm from Sisak and there's many of them but the biggest is a ffortress called Old Town
Sure, but do we really need our cities to be so *neon*?
Well, everyone was ''refugees welcome'' until it became obvious that no one wants to stay here.
Something like - Are they better at math
[Jinx - Smijem se ]
But wait
The focus is going to be on Europe
We do
How the hell did albanians get there
Samo ti daj, uvijek nam fali fun factova
Bosnia is just a mess but culturally I don't feel any connection with it, especially not as I am Zagorje born and Istria raised
I mixed [Northern and Middle Čakavian]
Prices in restaurants and bars are fixed and are written in the menu, if anyone increased it it's easy to notice
My thought exactly
But that doesn't qualify as nationalism.
American reviewers on YouTube consistently put Croatian candies/food on top of serbian ones.
[The Pula arena] - one of the best preserved roman amphitheatres in the world, still used today (WC 2018, Croatia-England match)
Eh, these [Clinton tapes] have been around for a while.
Example: a House - Kuća (correct spelling) or Kuča (wrong spelling)
It's not, no, but it is common for cuildren to financially help their patents due to low pensions
I understand why it's ''controversial'', but the point is that it's just a chocolate.
read it in book
Isn't a big part of that the developing "3rd world"?
>  I have approximately 2 sons
And I can't really guess about the continental preference since I haven't been to every country in Europe
They are a man and a woman
Mostly around the border with Serbia and in larger cities, such as Zagreb
Suspendisse cursus libero ac pharetra malesuada
It's called putting them at an angle.
So cool, nice work
We don't have a good track record of joining unions where everybody is "supposed to be equal" ¯\\_(ツ)_/¯
Just the combination of ugly modern buildings slapped right next to the older stuff just doesn't look good
Well, there is the argument that the former would not be that different of an option.
The most common judgement would be Orthodox communist
Yeah, we also say either “monkey” or “at” in Croatia
Yugoslavia as a whole I guess, or rather Serbia
We usually do in fact blame Serbia for pretty much everything, but as far as I know they had nothing to do with the earthquake :)
My God
keep playing till someone wants to stop or a teacher gets mad
Both of them are horrible and glorification of any totalitary regime is pure brainwash
Croatian intelligence agency is quite aware of what is happening, but until we get green light from EU, we are unable to act.
Haha, I don't think Serbs would like the type of Americans looking to leave the US because of Trump.
All while still putting all the blame on whatever they first perceived as the reason the game will be lost
Might be because of the low confidence in the police or because there is a minimum value of the bike (I don't know a lot about that, but I heard that police are not going to look into the case if the value of the stolen things is less than a few thousand kunas)
Balkan: Hold my rakia
So the ''scientists'' have concluded that sex with socks on is, not only acceptable, but much better.
But
Croatian, bosnian and serbian are standards of serbo-croatian which was spoken in Yugoslavia.
That's upsetting
idk man, seems like a lot of copy paste....
Generally they are viewed as poor simpletons by the stereotype
I was asking myself the same question.
Almost cried the first time I saw the Alps, because of how beautiful it is.
They were huge here 10-15 years ago but people probably have no idea they're German
But it's not even 100% impossible for Croatia since our last royal family still exists and they were never dethroned from the Croatian throne, due to the various events.
Than siesta
Aj vil šit fjuri ol ovr ju end ju vil dravn in it
Ustasha regime in WW2
started learning at around 4 at home because my family knew it would be useful, I learned to read early and my grandmother used to be an English teacher
Are you glad that you live in the EU
Except McDonalds and stuff there are some retro styled American fast food joints
Aside from accents, it's not that hard to spell
Last year, as a part of Croatia's big reform of education system, they printed a new set of textbooks for schools, with QR codes for interactive learning
In Croatia, the priests are employed in hospitals on a good salary, and it was all introduced by Social-Democrats
I love Maurice de Bevere and the fact that he introduced Rene Goscinny in writing comics.
* Istra: they're kinda just doing their own thing and nobody seems to care about it
Besides Ukraine 2007, which is obviously the best thing that ever happened in history of the world:
Even helped Venice to conquer one of our towns: Zadar.
My eyes thank you
Either Chinese or Turkish, even Hungarian is more often
In Dalmatia, we will never call the sea water when refering to it though we all know that it is tehnically water
That being said I could probably recognise a few of them if I hear them
Obsessing over it is what is grinding our country to a halt
" Great show of statesmanship
I lived in sarajevo until the war, first 6 years of my life, and then i moved to croatia
In some Croatian places, after a funeral there is a big meal for the friends and family (sort of like a wake but post-funeral I guess)
"But guys, Sweden is really safe, we should definitely take more refugees."
We only know of Indo-Europeans migrating to Europe due to linguistics, and several migrations from historical records of last 2500 years (and we can guess where pockets of humans lived relatively isolated through the last ice age due to genetics).
Replace "developers" with "diversity" and this is left wing Europe right now;
"Things are getting out of hand in Croatia"?
> "Da uchish ezitsi e prekrasno i shte se radvam da nauchish moyat ezik"
And some say it helped Finland achieve one of the world's lowest infant mortality rates.
They have very Albanian name or say they are Albanians.
I was more shocked with futanari in Russia.
Of course they'll attack - "make examples of" - USA/UK/Germany/France/Brussels.
It would have also lasted 3 more years and cost millions more lives
Also skiing, before Kostelićs our TV wasn't really too interested in it, so you had to watch it on ORF.
Exactly the same
It is hard to understand that kind of mindset and naivete.
A small town in Istria, often overlooked by coastal cities like Rovinj or Pula
Yes, but Spain, Croatia and Slovenia are for some reason more successful than the rest.
What a fucking hero
Or perhaps I've been feeling a bit strange looking all those places
You could say the same thing about Balkans in 90s
Other than that
American engineers make like 60k euro before tax as a starting pay
That is correct, but that does not remove the fact that the current name is a homonym to the other word.
Time for the maintenance of electric pumps
rock paper sicors (idk spelling bruh) but more brutal
I wouldn't call us overrated, but still
Svako selo svoj dijalekt/naglasak
The other two are much more flexible when it comes to word choice, phrasing, etc
&#x200B;
Motherfucker, I knew it
Pig feet in your food is a normal thing for a good part of Europe.
Three in four 'child' asylum seekers are actually adults, Denmark claims
Exactly the same thing happened to me
So you're left with two kinds of people - the incompetent, who can't get access to EU funds and if they do, can't use them effectively, and the corrupt, who use the money to line their pockets
*After Mélissa and Julie were kidnapped in 1995, it took police 14 months to arrest Dutroux even though he had been a prime suspect from the start and had committed similar crimes before
What the gov does is not always what the people want ...
I hope it's a bit clearer but I know it sound very confusing
both are ex-commie East(ish) Europe, both have fairly small countries that I think a lot of non-European people can't place on a map.
Genetics
We have the same thing as the bird language you described but we use "p" instead of "v".
Yes, everywhere except in [red areas]
Ah wonderful
- **time/weather** > vr*e*me (serbian) - vr*ije*me (croatian
What do you call that bell necklace?
"You are going to live under a bridge" or "If you don't get an education you are gonna work in agriculture" this one is one of the reasons why Croatian agriculture is failing
It's a good argument to not have any loopholes.
But I do say that it is their own fault.
( Moonshine, Moonshine, give us moonshine,
“Čovječe, pazi da ne ideš malen ispod zvijezda
Retaliation shall be swift and ruthless, trade embargo maybe?
Main area has maybe a square kilometre and probably around 50k people at every second
I was expecting some expansionist jokes and maps, like including Istria or the Kvarner, well, at least the Piran :)
We would be sitting with the other Balkan nations  way too drunk off Rakija, trying to cut the table in parts so we don’t collectively get in a fist fight that starts WWIII
Reverting to WTO rules is a lot more realistic.
A shit, shouldn't have said anything
Definitely the most east-european looking and feeling city in the country
So, I find it hypocritical if a person supports that marijuana should be illegal, but not alcohol, which caused countless more deaths than marijuana did.
What about that student that set himself on fire I think post WWII
what about risitas
Michael and it is same in both Hungarian and Croatian and even German as I wrote(Unter-Miholtz)
Noatia
Those people would have licked bathrooms clean and thanked you for the opportunity.
Yay for almost equality in Albania?
You forgot Serbian, Bosnian and Montenegrian
To build more, it's easier to go to the outskirts and do as you wish (like they did at paris, madrid or moscow), rather thsn cram huge buildings into streets that cant fit or support them
> but I remember
mmmm
Central Europe, yes
And that in the town where, during the WWII, third of population fought fascists and nazis (more or less actively).
I mean i heard the joke a long time ago but not from a kebabist
r/mapswithoutNZ
I used to use the Croatian QWERTZ, but I switched to American QWERTY, although I still use QWERTZ on mobile
it's kinda fucked that only germany made a solid effort to de-nazify and every other axis power large or small just kinda slipped by under the radar with minimal changes, even keeping a lot of the same people in power
"Yes, let's go bombing resident areas, that will make them unwilling to fight for sure"?
There are some of us Redditors 50+ with the first-hand experience with socialism in Yugoslavia
“Ni ga
Restoration 100
I don't say that Kosovo does not belong to Serbia historically.
What's the general opinion in serbia regarding EU vs kosovo
My town has an old abandoned military base
Yeah I can Agree with that order.
Rail track from Varaždin to Lepoglava is not connected to Zagreb-Krapina rail track
They like to call themselves "Serbs" (whatever that may be) for some reason unknown to the universe
Villa rašica is a villa where satanists are doing their rites and sacrefices
Check again what they did in Yugoslavia, trust me wasn't pretty
It's not funny anymore
the only random thing i know about danish is your insane way of counting
It was
I mean, yes, but actually no
I didn't even think of ban Josip Jelacic
This is classic example of "everyone with whom I don't agree is a nazi"
No country came close to their power.
but tell me, how much easier would it be if they went away
So people just have a general feel for Slavonia being the poor part looked down on even tho it is the best part of the country but I'm biased here since I live here
A developed and rich society is where food is not just something you need to survive but you make something more out of it
Sranje is super mild and almost no one uses it
I know a number of people of moderate opinions who like Tito
We also have other identities - our family, linguistical, religious, professional, our hobbies and interests etc
The Schengen enlargement falls within the Common Foreign and Security Policy, an area which still requires approval from all EU member states
“It’s better to live 100 years as a lion rather than a day as a sheep
The machine doesn't have the hopes and needs of the simulated brain, it's still just an elaborate set of calculations and if asked, the machine running it could easely "show it's work".
Legend
got charged because he's not a german citizen (no health insurance)
It doesn't feel really good
I myself have learned a bit of Slovenian just for fun and to get around when visiting
A) i dont even own or fly a national flag for "our own" holidays
He basically slammed into their smaller boat while his starlet girlfriend was giving him a blowjob
most of them on the list were during take off or approach while we were talking about collisions on cruising altitudes tho, that could be the reason as well
It's difficult to figure where we belong when our country looks like a boomerang
Im saying there isnt, they're made up, but actual violence against Trump supporters is trivialised.
>Here's the general consensus, most would like to join the EU AND keep good relations with Russia
And from what I‘ve heard some Ukrainians volunteered and fought for Croatia as well in the 90ies
Tank: "I am a serious foliage"
well I do use it from time to time (manjaro) its just it feels strange and I just use windows most of the time, I guess linux is ok if you're into knowing your OS from top to bottom and want to customize the hell out of it
Globally I am much much better, thank you.
I have a cousin in 9th and an uncle in 19th, the latter one looks pretty cool for living
On the other hand, we ended up woth world silver last time with no game and maybe 1 and a half good match played
It is not the country's fault
So you would rather have the guy come out in a few years, disregard his intention to gun down as many people as he could, to spread his ideology.
Both N. Ireland and Scotland voted to stay in the EU and Scotland had previously voted to stay in the UK
Do german schools pay for students' trips themselves
If I had to choose something from Slovenia though, it would definitely be Škocjan caves
that you give a damn about your customer.
Of Croatia
Thanks, i wanna visit portugal as well, never been there but i heard only the best
But we all gotta be careful for any sick foxes
, if we fix that, maybe a part of corruption could be killed
Damn
So I guess OK
Zagreb university hospital, several roads, tunnels & bridges that lead to nowhere (for example Vukelićev most, most preko Drave or Omiš tunnel), Spaladium arena in Split, Sisak sports hall, Slijeme funicular in Zagreb (although it‘s under construction now) and so on
Ok I can see that being a bit of a culture shock
But if you went around and translated her last name to Serbian, it would be kind of funny because colors aren't used as last names there
Ffs they didn't even bother installing fire sprinklers, if only the fire sprinklers were installed there was a huge change no one would die
(unless Iceland surprises us, or maybe Canada - I would love that, nothing's impossible)
Check [this list] for Croatia, it has food from all the regions, so you have light Sea food, Heavy, greasy for people from cold areas, classic continental, and everything in between
Now, they seem to get tired of being paranoid about it.
Yes please
N is for youre never sad
"No rakije, rakije, rakije, amo
A Croatian guy who doesn't smoke, is not going out to cafe with his friends and doesn't care about football at all
• rat - war
Also its not unusual to see people early day drinking beer (it counts as breakfast) while working some hard job
Other than that, EU is studied in a lesser degree in lessons about the rest of the world during the 50s to 90s, but enough to understand political dealings, of course, I'm only talking about history, and this should probably be studied in a subject that teaches more about politics, everyday stuff and etc
You lied, but are still being derogatory towards me
Šteta što su ti mozak amputirali, al jbg svako ima neku manu
They should start calling Serbia "Vojvodina".
I mean Croatia is usually just the coatline, national parks and the capital Zagreb so the "videk" here is usually the east part of the country(Slavonia)
It might rain if you’re lucky
Oh, so that means that alexander the great was a slav too
Gothic cathedrals (not easy to just choose one), prob Chartres
I think it's connected with the sea having such a huge importance and impact on our lives
Equality is not trampling on what holds significance and meaning to another person in order to accomodate yourself
Croatia is a great example of that
People don’t use online delivery enough for packages to be stolen here
The vote passed and Russia moved their army there.
Everyone knows this
I mean i knew it but it still hurts a lil bit
From inside the building bike storage!
This is traditionally a pool from which extremist groups recruit, and Hegghammer writes that this population looks set to continue to grow dramatically thanks to immigration and higher birth rates.
In Croatia, we don't have much poetry, but one of the most famous song lines is:
It had 1200 workers
In some cases you can pinpoint someone's hometown from it
Rails, plugs and army equipment are the most important I think
” (Birdie
That worked beautifully in Afghanistan, Iraq, Syria, Libya and Ukraine
You can say anything no matter how absurd it sounds.
Yeah, the infrastructure in Zagreb is really bad
Like look at me, i made it
My parents, who are doctors, were mildly pissed, but didn't take any action, because that'd just cause me trouble in school with the teacher
Thanks, I will be in Walle and I've already been warned of that place hahaha
The thing is, you consider it to be a drug, I'm guessing in the term of narcotic, not a pharmaceutical.
Saying that they banned us for something implies that they noticed we exist outside of the tourist season.
Good bye
The best solution would be stopping climate change
That is simply not true, there are tens of thousands of muslims that immigrated in the UK in the last decade, and people are aware of who they are.
It gets even more glaring if you live in the north and visit the coast/south every few years or so.
000
I've never been there sadly but it feels like a perfect mix between scandinavian countries and the netherlands, the best from both
We actually have Kauflanad in Croatia but we don't have Aldi
But then, they made it to Reddit.
Aenean in malesuada purus, ac tincidunt diam
He’s awesome
Zagreb
Some got them from serving in the military, some for licesend hunting etc but in most cases they are not used to hurt another civilian
Just yesterday we were passing by some old artillery fortifications carved in the rock, right next to the main port entrance, they look awesome
I hope it goes to the garbage bin of history
The biggest being European banks standing to benefit if they don't get them, which means European bankers will pull every string they have in order to stop it from happening.
You serious
Swam across the Adriatic
Just a month of being in my hometown on the coast made me feel a lot better both in mind and body
sometimes I do
That's how we traditionally prepare lamb.
For me it boils down to having some pride over what I am, just as you people expect everyone to bow down in order to respect what gay people are
My fatrher woke me up shouting that we all have to leave our house
Slovenia: "How do I die
I am in Dalmatia and I slept like a baby
What you basically say is that Slovenia belongs to Balkans because it's inhabited by speakers of South Slavic language.
that's the one you pick
Gotta love mobile phones autocorrect
This town looks so epic in the 3D view of Google Maps
Either "mega prosperity federal EU land" or "Oh shit the EU collapsed and now everything is going to shit and oh god there is russia and there is hunagry oh fuck were all gonna die"
I was thinking about something more systematic (i.e. maybe some kind of international taxes), not personal donations
They're the reason local warlords and dictators don't get grabby with their neighbor's land and resources.
"Fuck you, you fuck
Yes
One problem I  have with Maček is his inactivity during WW2 ,but why do you think he was so bad  in the interwar period
Fingers crossed, I could use some new clogs
you had a clusterfuck with good saying * Ne zna se tko pije a tko plaća* in eng
That is actually about 4/5th of my mothers hourly wage.
Can't remember if it was Bahrein or Qatar, saw it on highway a couple of months ago when driving home after work
There's also substantial Croatian diaspora living in South American countries, predominantly Chile and Argentina.
The rest are from Pakistan, Afghanistan, north africa and Morocco.
Every night I see ICBMs above my house.
Oh please
More importantly, dividends are how companies should be rewarding shareholders
[trash in bosnian rivers]
"Look at the little fruit tree after the rain:
Quite cold, rainy, cloudy
I think that a croatian from zagorje would have less problems understanding you than a croatian from dubrovnik, lets say
So there were uprisings in Paris
Oh, happy birthday Ukraine
So you go like:one-two one-two one-two shoot, "mant" being the verse where we shoot
Very rarely will somebody mention inequality in a global context
We just skip the middle and move to either USA or Germany
Not in a country with a working justice system
Istrian "seperatism" is just a joke
267 kilos of weed washes up on Dubrovnik's beaches
Look each hole closely
They have a primary surplus, but only do to austerity.
Probably a boat elevator
Also most of these people have probably done zero to actually help stop climate change
But wait, how long do they "stay Russian"?
So I don't know how you possibly could think that your S9 is better
Best you can do is tell if someone is more southern or northern European looking, but even then, there's a bunch of Italians with light hair and eyes, and I've seen Scottish and Irish people who look stereotypically Spanish (think Pierce Brosnan, Sean Connery and Colin Farrell)
Etiam facilisis nisi ut lectus ultricies, nec consequat nulla viverra
If somebody has them aside of holidays or football, I'd guess they are conservative or a war veteran
Judging from his submission in german the original OP he's probably a fellow European.
I want to thank Serbia for different (eastern) outlook of our similar culture
'Tis the tent of Aga, Hasan Aga;” - Asanaginica, by Ivan Mažuranić
Hmm you have given me an idea
Tko se nije skrio magarac je bio - whoever didn't hide is a donkey
The one with the gold per turn bonus.
As you said Americans love to travel to Europe on vacation, European tourisam would take a hit
Slovenia is always in Croatian news
Remember the world cup
is by definition bad and full of bias at best and blatant lies and fabrications at worst
It *is* posted by someone from Scotland
• list - leaf
Also, it could be that bunch of Slovaks took the wrong flair.
I think this is something a lot of people in our countries would agree is true
Is this other thing a table with broken legs
Sed commodo, ex id cursus venenatis, nunc nisl vulputate tortor, ac hendrerit dui quam id ante
Then write in \[the\] naturalest order for your language
Trying to break a will of the still greatest empire in the world right in the beginning of the war with this kind of strategy is rather pointless.
Pretty corrupt
That, my dear coredditor, that is the arrogance we are talking about
At this point that is not just a non issue, but it can hardly be considered even a hypothetical sort of question.
They can be written with a dash or without the dash
Called am Lara
EDIT: Forgot to add, these are all normally said in a very slurred manner, like the rest of our language, unless you're in Croatian class lol
If said by a Croat that would most likely be due to recepient's righ-wing views
Seriously, we had 200 km/h bura wind on Pag bridge a few days ago...
30 long-haired guys with leather jackets and tatoos were watching this with beer and liquor.
Those are the basics, pretty much
We kinda copypasted it for Yugo's anthem, but we dont need to talk about that
There's no greater hassle than putting on half of your closet and leaving your apartment in the morning when it's rainy, cold and still dark
Me being 185 cm tall man am average hight here
Anyway, Croats didn't like to fight for the crown just so they be can returned to Hungarian rule (although pro-Hungarian Croatian nobility had their hands in it too)
Spain, but in a weird way
If the Croatian prime minister tried to pull this shit, our President would never stop talking about it
We made it boys
But now when i think about it i see that i lumped spain and france together without any proper reasons so maybe i'm wrong
Little does he know the water is poisoned
This and Twitter, maybe reddit is next
Bosnia and Herzegovina, I cannot understand how is that not intuitive
Well tbf the ones singing in Zagreb are mostly tourists
Most of our academics are morally bankrupt and the rector of the Zagreb University, the most important one, Boras is an insult to the entire education system
Huh, apparently it's because there are no "official" lyrics.
**The Dutch**: haven't seen them much, they're usually hanging out on campsites with slovenes, driving audi station wagons with bikes on top of it
When DotA became a meme I decided to listen to all gis stuff
A computer can acknowledge that value "pain"=true.
Just like I never liked him
Imagine a German saying the same thing while posting WW2 map of Germany
Please
I mean Kosovars endured some hard times, but that isn't the same thing as extermination.
Tell that to Japan or any other non-European post fertility country.
EDIT: more info, if anyone is interested -
You know, that great body of water that comes with beaches and sunshine and smell of pines and warm evening breeze.
Actually, there were less deaths than usual because everyone was being extra careful
It's like those trolls you get on your team in League, and I suppose in other games, ~~in your promos~~ occasionally
If however, Scotland votes to stay again, it would still maintain access to the EU market and many of the rights enjoyed by EU citizens
I'll go with Poland
The numbers would consequently indicate Corona saving lives
I visited Corse 2 years ago in november and it was super empty, only locals chilling in cafes
Don’t know, you sound like an Ustaša to me
I mean yeah, I'll probably live to see some shit too, but I'll be on my way out by then, he will be in what are supposed to be his best years
Why not Russia
Fostering nationalism leads to antagonism and breakup.
i mostly remember being frustrated not so much with the number of cases, but their specificity and weird ways to translate them in english
So we have a coat of arms on our coat of arms(5 of them actually).
Doesn't even matter that even Romania has sarma for an example
A lot of families in Croatia still have fairly "traditional" views, and I think women are expected to settle and get pregnant sooner than men are, but both are expected to do these things before or at around, I believe, 30
Let's play the Scandinavian game: spot the sun
Sure my reddit kid, because I totally proposed the same solution
I'm going into the water
We went to war with them during 1848 revolution
[Some Croats] even went to defend Ukraine in the Crimea crisis
I mean the Home guard was a collaborationist militia controlled by the Germans
All of them it is
When you look at a map of Europe, the size of Albania is large enough that its borders are quite hard to miss
I know, man, i'm just saying that the size doesnt matter that much, its the islands and isolation
Otherwise JNA was by the 80s technologically behind even Bulgaria ( which had more MiG-29s and S-300 ) and comparable to Romania.
Yes, and they sound like they were written by lobbyists because I don't think they actually believe them
at 8 C it's a regular jacket and a hat
I find it more sad then hilarious, i know people of their age that are married with children and working.
I would say that american healthcare is under bigger political influence because people make huge money out of it and there political parties are divided on this subject
And also about Czechs acting like Czechs during the summer months, but those are more like statistics
5 euros 2-3 years ago
Is it not a country
Danke Deutschland
Well a lot of our Yugoslav apartment blocks are kinda nice, this is Dugave neighbourhood in Zagreb, built 40 years ago:
Blatant disrespect of other people's customs and culture
They actually just recycle PET bottles, Aluminim cans and Glass bottles.
How come it's still light outside but snow on the hills
when the whole revolution happened
Definitely more with my nation since we are small as it is
Akso this is not seneless or stupid, history need to be taught so it is not repeated, far more stupid thing is argument about whether burek with cheese is really a burek
Well, 20% of our total GDP comes from Tourism (For example, Germany, France, Greece 4-7%)
Suspendisse semper justo mattis enim euismod tempor
Warm - 22-30
Wtf
Oh, i thought its one of the requests
Monaco
To annoy Trump
If like if it's positive it's not worth reporting, if it's negative it's worth repeating several times.
You are absolutely right, all those civilians in Vukovar and Srebrenica must have mass suicided.
Atleast Boris could open borders to us, he comes to our country every year almost
Ustashe regime was backed by nazi germany and italy, chetniks officially by Allied powers but unoffiacially had Riotta's strategic and areal help and you had partisans backed by red army which in initial years couldn't help herself let alone partisans
But yeah, he's just making fun of corruption otherwise it's obviously a big problem
All in all it doesn't feel really good
We should probably stop trying until we have something good to write or draw.
He's considered a national hero, has a huge monument on the main square of Zagreb, his face is on the 20 kuna bill etc
“K’o Rusa i Kineza zajedno”.
I've always heard only "rock, paper, scissors" (kamen, papir, škare), "diamond" would be to long to say
While there's only one version of MezzoMix, there's lemon flavour, sugarfree and sugarfree + caffeine free Schwip-Schwap
Northern english sometimes sounding like scottish
Corrupt is my country’s middle name
We had DOZENS of companies like that in my town
Looks familiar
just few days ago i was getting heavily downvoted on r/serbia for saying that srebrenica is a genocide
Together with that, the government ordered tablets for schools, so teachers and kids can easily scan QR codes and gain access to materials
They all have big heads
Or "Tunguzija" - Where the tungusic people live (Siberia)
I think universally we can all agree BiH is always close to us
It takes me 20 minutes but then again i drive in the opposite direction of the biggest traffic jams
As you can see, it's not only Bulgaria that can't do it
It's some different history books you and I've been learning from.
Not Serbian, but [this] is catchy as fuck
What the fuck has Brexit to do with WW1 ?
If you wanted to have it even better, call your great-great grandparents and tell them to win a revolution against the empires in 1800's and force emperors to abdicate or give all power to parliaments (and parliament for which you vote even if you earn less than some sum which is meant to give voting rights only to nobles and rich), join the industrial revolution in time and go do some colonizing, kill some natives, take their resources and complain when they move in to your country 200 years later.
I imagine the first downside would be reorganization, not just of the EU armies (that'd need to grow in number of soldiers, also you have the training/facilities/tech to consider), but also the fact that most of us are in NATO and you can't just pull out of such an agreement in 5 minutes.
I discussed this with some people when we tried smoking and we didn't really feel hungry.
I personally have always used space and a decimal dot whenever writing
Especially the young ones
Must have been soooo hard for you
But the idea of *any* separate European country being more powerful than China seems ridiculous.
I also prefer your flag with the emblem it just makes it better and more recognisable in the world
Question for French redditors: Is Fillon dead in the water?
Precisely, even though me is more dear swearword "fuck your dog mother". It seems me as if English lacks adequate swearwords
I hope up for the task they are.
Eastern Europeans, post your honest opinion about your communist past.
Croatia is EU member and I don't see data about it
Honestly idk how people can *not* write in cursive
It was actually 5
This means the increased cost of importing them is greatly offset.
Well done
That is a amazing comparison, spot on.
Oh, look at the big baby, had to wait 45 minutes
It is true what you are saying but some Serbs migrated to Croatia from the fear of the Bulgars too
Don't worry, considering their economic situation, they won't be wanting independence for the next million years.
You should sit down, it’s quite a long story
My grandma used to tell stories, how older women used poppy to calm their children
Aah, you're right, looked at it closer now.
Decameron suits the current situation the best
Turkey does have land in Europe, not all of it is inside Europe, non of this is debatable
Everytime we're having parties we go to Hungary and buy cheap sodas, I know people near Bosnia go there for petrol and Serbia has cheaper shoes
Oh no whatever will we do
You would think that, but a road panel simply doesn't get sufficient light, unless it's on the sunny side of a hill.
I think you oversimplified entire process a bit.
In Croatia lots of people, especially shady businessmen and private investors have dual citizenship in bosnia
Free movement should be absolutely normal in any modern country.
Nisam ni gledao clanak, samo mi je trebala referenca na sliku
1m people and an area of 105km2, but you're comparing it to area of 891km2 in Berlin and it's 3
Agree with you on that
>even if you are a couple with two average incomes you need to really plan and lower your expectations when searching for a home
White bread with ragu
They can use the conflicts in Ukraine and Syria to give their forces experience.
There was a MTV show about vampires, zombies and wharewolf attacking Los Angeles I think.
There's just too much shit
Not sure, Bec, Budapest and Belgrade didn't work for us.
Is that an Esselunga
Again, that is tied to the study about the genes SLC24A5 and SLC45A2 that lead to depigmentation and pale skin, meaning whitey white.
Well, they became Croats again, so not magically, but logically, since they were Croats originally.
The first pirate politician in power - many Icelandic voters have rallied around a radical, technology-focused left-wing party that champions political transparency, free health care and new measures to protect digital privacy.
Money
As a work animal they almost went extinct in the 1980s, but then we found out how tasty they are.
In fact, one of the first countries in the world to officially recognise the independence of America was a then city-state of Dubrovnik
Why would you put stupid lies like this in the news
There is some really interesting information here
I have tonnes of them at home, I could photograph them if you want
tfw even Kosovo has more land then your own country
I froze in my bed, I was scared shitless
Look beyond the obvious and it becomes more clear that she's a token LGBTQ politician
Lybia is a hellhole right know ...
No it was initially not known at all to the wider public what was happening
I understand the wish of most eastern countries to stay outside another federal union for the foreseeable future but the rest of Europe needs reforming fast, and a federal state is probably the best way to accomplish that
Germans destroyed most of the Soviet air-force, infantry and tanks didn't have ammunition, there was no food, trucks, etc
do you want to watch the world burn mate?
One apple and a bottle of water there could buy me a whole lunch here
A small town in Istria, often overlooked by coastal cities like Rovinj or Pula
I walked home alone at night many times and never had problems
["the Chronosphere could produce unknown side effects."]
Your women are apparently even better than your men.
To our exes, to our future sweethearts and everything in between
The honorable mention -  **Osijek** (100 000), the only real city in eastern Croatia
For their families and friends
Stay at home moms are usually happyer than career moms, so saying that they get a shitty deal by getting to raise their kids is bs.
Many Germans also influenced that part a lot, but add Hungarians to the mix, you can tell it mostly by the food and how the villages are laid out
But hey when you have a friend that's a fire marshal I guess you don't need to have fire sprinklers
We call that *hladetina*, I would never try it
Zagreb has a similar fate to Bremen
[There is more.] He is talking in Serbian but trust me he says what i wrote.
It also can't go without the traditional pagan leftovers [zvončari]
try pronouncing it as bruhzil
Holy Hell, must have been a heck of a side wind.
Try playing the card game "President".
People piss and moan, but the lights are on, the shelves are full, people aren't dying in the streets and while that doesn't sound like much, it's because the west has been living in the land of milk and honey for a solid two generations now.
Morbi erat tortor, ullamcorper sit amet neque eu, faucibus porta risus
It denotes a person with parasitic tendencies, most commonly associated with bureaucracy, nepotism, pen pushers in public system and people who get everything in life by brandishing party membership card
We've got the bell pepper kind and it's always with rice and ground meat
Because sometimes when I mentioned šatrovački to my friends that are from southern parts of Croatia, they wouldn't know what I was talking about
When the Russian Civil War began, he was transported across Siberia to Vladivostok and then to the Salonica front, but the war ended before he got there
Morbi lectus dolor, luctus vel turpis ut, fringilla mollis elit
Throughout the entire history of EU, precedents were the focal point, we might as well call the EU "the Union of precedents". I'm not saying it will definitely happen in this case, I'm just saying i wouldn't be at all surprised if the ECJ does a complete U turn on this matter with some of its interpretations
Pički dam da prva bira kada ju na kebab vodim"
France's honest tax system crusader convicted for hiding millions of euros
historically you're part of the balkans
We would be sitting with the other Balkan nations  way too drunk off Rakija, trying to cut the table in parts so we don’t collectively get in a fist fight that starts WWIII
"Coffee with milk and a glass of water, and can you point me towards the toilet
But where is the Balkan mountain range situated
Of course there are big companies that create it legally, but most of the time it's too weak and lack flavour, it's not traditional so to say
And no, majority of people weren't Ustashe, they were just people trying to live their lives.
Also every now and then you can hear the driver honking and swearing because some asshole decided to cut him off
Your absolute wealth doesn't matter, because you're only comparing yourself to the guy with the Ferrari and your biggest fear is being the last guy on the street who's still too poor to afford one
I doubt that this guy or majority of this sub would do that
I assume this comes from the Iron Curtain split?
**Catholics** in Bosnia are the most over-represented **minority** in Europe.
awful
but i guess i'll take this one over thompson any day
This summer me and a couple of friends bought a small boat and we went around the islands here and we talked about how we have this every summer, for free, while people pay thousands of euros to come here for 1 week
-[Žganci] with milk or bacon and cheese
Pathetic
So you can make a sentence "Gore gore gore gore" which means "The hills up there burn worse".
A lot of our food is not mass produced, in a lot of mediterranian countries what you guys consider "organic food" - its just considered "food".
After that talk boss never spoke to me directly and when he did he spoke nicely and professionally
The Croatian expatriate community in Italy, so called [Molise Croats] have their own word(s) for wine: [žrt/žrć] I am not 100% sure about the etymology, but I would link this word to Croatian/Old Church Slavic word 'žrtva', meaning sacrifice.
Hits right in the feels
Ma zna Hrvatski pa preko google translatea pere.
Is that an Esselunga
Women that have to have birth were put in the cars
well, isn't that like a ceremonius occasion so there are members of higher ranks of state?
"Good
As long as it isn't a road trip to Brittany.
This year and the last year, I've had only a couple of such nights
or that their leader was a Croat ...
If you make enough for it to be worth it, there are better, perfectly legal ways to save far, far more in taxes
All Slavic countries plus Hungary and Romania, as well as Albania in some cases.
Same way we identify Albanians in Croatia.
We'll consider it if you return trieste to slovenia
Us men are competitive under any cost
They could have just dumped the entire lot into infrastructure, ESA or anything else tied to the state.
Probably 20+ more years
There are more and more atheists, and I’d say that in my school more than half of the people are atheists, or are going to become one
Medicines are also a space thing.
Asclepius was god of medicine and doctors, while Hermes was the god of thieves, liars, salesman (among other things)
As does rit
I found that out too, especially when you hear words like tega/toga, and gremo/idemo
They love Jesus and at the same time spread antisemitic slurs
Thanks bro, you’re kind
Other people would include our first president Franjo Tuđman and the leader of the interwar Croatian Peasant Party (in the 1930s at least) - Vlatko Maček
If you make enough for it to be worth it, there are better, perfectly legal ways to save far, far more in taxes
And it shines lighten by the sun
If you work for the government, on any level, your salary info is publicly available if you know where to look
Tnx for the reply
Oh okay, got it, yeah we have a special plural for 2-4 and then one for 5+
Its usually cheap traditional food like 5 € for stews or some meat with potatoes, or fish and black risotto if on the coast
Prelijepo
The Pelješac bridge has been a legal battle between Croatia and Bosnia for a long time, it's currently being built though
That's the whole point of denying genocides existing or forgetting about them.
In Zagreb we have [a small green arch over a railway bridge...]
Kako ću ja past maturu iz hj...
r/gaeilge is much more active
/r/mahnitimomci
But that is an another story
So in a nutshell, bosnian is what yugoslavian laguages was aimed to be
There was some sweet cream breakfast stuff named after it if I recall correctly.
Similar was said for homosexuality, for decades at least
Spain and Estonia to tax sugary drinks
We need more talk, more diplomacy with Russia.
You can't charge people with a crime if the action wasn't criminal when they did it
How many would do it if money wasn't involved
Yes, both is refrigerated at shops and at home
Absolutely perfect combo
Isn't that because beautiful is used to describe women, but handsome is used to describe men
Also, when someone comes they immediately notice the swastikas and Nazi chants written on the walls, especially near football stadiums
I'm just saying that attacking someone on the basis of their nationality and accusing him of lying might be considered discrimination on the basis of nationality.
At the same time making Adidas for the German market
It is a miracle that all Croats now are united in one country(Herzegovina exception) together under one flag
️️️
Regarding italy, i grew up in Pula, the biggest city on the istrian peninsula which is right next to italy
Also, Baba Roga was a thing, which was used to scare children
I didn't read wiki article till the end
If you think about volunteering and non-formal education through volunteer work in non-governmental organisations, there is official certificate in EU called [Youthpass] inside ERASMUS+ EU programme.
We have "dž" (so two characters) for the hard sound of "đ". Also that "đ" can be spelled as "dj", just not in the official use
>Also the camera blows any Apple phone out of the water
For old town Zagreb it must be Agrameri-[Ružo Crvena]
Read my reply then if you are so adamant at my statement being "utter bullshit".
Ask any Croatian during the tourist season
I think it has more impact coming from an English person because Scotland voted to remain
The proud Tunis and the glorious Islamic League leave these years stronger than before, but good Muslims everywhere from Granada to Mecca can't shake the feeling that Allah had much more in store for us.
Which city would that be
000
I've only met two who were actually in the war,and they refused to tell me about what they experienced, othen then a few things, such as 'oh I was there' and 'I stood by a tank that shot at the enemy'
But just becouse u dont want a baby
Yeah but this would piss off the CCP so its better that way
It would have taken 3 more years and cost millions more lives
Doesn't make GDP statistics any less valid.
The Yugoslav army came out of the Partisans
No lockers
I always thought we have 0 chill as stubborn, hot-headed Balkaners
Yeah croatian coast had the most beautiful cities
As someone living in the Croatian mountains, that smog would probably suffocate me to death within an hour.
Dont curse it you might start shaking too
Also, beans are not breakfast food
The Illyrian provinces would be right across the river (since I live in Zagreb)
The price of your sanity when they casually announce train is late hour and a half because *insert random reason*.
No matter the individual, pepper spraying them is not right when it wasn't the right thing to do (and there doesn't seem to be much of a reason for the officer to have sprayed her), regardless of what they do for a living
What Penkala invented was also the mechanical pen
Time-Time album is great
While "slušam" has the same meaning in Croatian, if you use it when answering the phone the meaning would be more like "ok, what did you mess/fuck up now
From 12 candidates he was 5th
This simply can not be ignored
Thank you to everybody for still visiting our coast despite the fact we are not "that cheap destination" anymore
linguistically speaking; genetically every people that lived here left some material, so our heritage is rather mixed.
Turnes out, the Phoenecians used to do exactly the same thing, so it is a 3000-4000 yr old tradition
I just watched a lot of english channels on TV like Cartoon Network, Boomerang, Nickelodeon(spongebob mostly) and youtube when I first discovered it
It basically talks about a group of poor people, that drink to try to forget the state they live in
People are unaware of anglophone context where it's seen as something obviously racist, no matter if there is malicious intent or not
So yeah compared to that it's not much.
Bulgaria must be considered Slavic state at least since the rule of Boris Mihail and he ruled at the same time as Branimir.
Ah yes golden grave and šuker
And I wouldn't call Poland small (if that's what you're implying)
Aside from that neckties, fountain pens, torpedos
Opposition to this in public often results in threats and intimidation
The letters and numbers are all random for the fact that there are still unsettled issues after the war in the 90s where the country was torn apart between Bosniaks, Serbs and Croats
That photo with Lenin and Trotsky is amazing.
While killing a bunch of people
He's obviously talking about currywurst
yeah those types of groups don't belong anywhere on the spectrum, although anarchism is regarded as a part of the far left
I'll be moving to Bremen in a few days and would greatly benefit from this information
Oh there are plenty of them
Europe could have very well ended like China.
It's up for a debate about frexit but I doubt Le pen will win
Yeah, and JNA still had absolute superiority in pretty much everything.
We had some italian nationalists couple of days ago who pulled out a flag of kingdom of italy (or something like that) infront of D'Annunzios house in Rijeka
John Trump at MIT; good genes, very good genes, OK, very smart, the Wharton School of Finance, very good, very smart — you know, if you’re a conservative Republican, if I were a liberal, if, like, OK, if I ran as a liberal Democrat, they would say I’m one of the smartest people anywhere in the world — it’s true
I also just go with halo
Weeds that grow by train tracks
My politicians will say "yes, dear" to whatever the stronger parts of EU, or even USA say (assuming there's no conflict there), regardless of how much sense it makes or how the general populace feels about it.
Why is it in english
In your dreams
Our ability to sports
When Vukovar fell on 18 November 1991, several hundred soldiers and civilians were massacred by Serb forces and at least 20,000 inhabitants were expelled
I don't know why the OP has invented her nationality
Latest happenings on reddit like banning altright subreddit shows us that the establishment is scared of the truth and their soon to come downfall
I like their beer and of course the Czech ones.
I also get the latest big news from all European countries in euractiv's newsletter 'Capitals'.
In the Balkans we use kurac, pička materina and other stronger cuss words
In media it's always you who are victims and hiding behind US politics.
You have two levels, A and B, (high and basic level)
But I'm not a good person to ask this, I'm a horribly picky eater
Lithuania going hard on Lukashenko
And they can save as much as possible
I imagine its hard to do when people who speak out against Putin end up mysteriously dead
Its flow of speech is the same as spanish, it uses same phonemes as spanish, but it replaces just about any spanish word with a completely different word
Nepotism in job industry and overall
Well yeah, that's the reason I mentioned only the capital in my 1st comment.
It is going bad for us because of our demography, lots of old people, so we end up having less money for the healthcare system which is currently in debt
"Here poison yourself or you aren't cool and our friend anymore"
And even if it were
Austria has always gone an extra mile to be inclusive
six possible future tenses separated solely by semantics and nearly untranslatable from my native to English/vice versa
what about risitas
Ajoj
When the Russian Civil War began, he was transported across Siberia to Vladivostok and then to the Salonica front, but the war ended before he got there
The EU didn't do this tho
writers from Croatia, Serbia and one from Slovenia
"Bogu iza nogu" - Behind gods feet
If you like to watch history videos I would recommend [this video] on Balkan history from the fall of the Roman empire to the 11th century
Sorry, if I remember correctly from one of earlier similar threads, Slough takes the cake
You here to fill out your daily warcrime quota
From which part of Croatia is he?
I really liked the Beer Museum and the LEGO Museum in Prague
Exactly, my city was hit by earthquake in second week of lockdown, which frightened a lot of people so many (who have weekend houses or family willing to accomodate them) simply moved for a few months, and it made amazing difference for the city (especially in regards to traffic)
I prefer regular rain
(For example that sentence when in english is missing couple of layers, about the subject and object of the sentence
Dont know much about Croatian and Serbian youtubers but they’re not much different
They voted for them
265 people that lived here
Nothing else
you typed h insted of j my guy
Slovenian I think is much more easier to read but depends where are you from
The reason why you do not bother to try though is this English exceptionalism and the fact that you have never got off your high imperialist horse
Each year gets chronologically closer to modern times (starting from Illiad in first grade) with mix of foreign (mostly eutopean until 20th century) and domestic authors
Our tour guide said Mestre was the ugliest city in Italy and the people there knew it
Also in such a small country there are lot of temperament and 'lifestyle' differences between different regions
Fucking genius
I guess it's a cultural thing, there are also some other similar things like this.
IDK if Habsburgs count as occupation, but we've also had a [Canadian PM] for about a year (technically born in Croatia, but spent most of his life in Canada and barely knows Croatian)
We learn about all European countries, but if it's something about a country that Croatia was a part of, then we learn it in 2 parts.
For example, germany is not one of those countries
No, not at all
No, Croatian dynasty has been extinct for almost a 1000 years now.
the same prime minister talking about european bank:
The other thing to think about is that the killed general was funding, arming and coordinating shia militias not only in the ME but also on the Arab Peninsula, and that we can expect a lot of attacks in the region in the future
If you think that if most families have 6 children is okay then, wow...I don't like your politics.
Engolir sapos - Swallowing frogs - It means someone has to hear something they don't like
The ''official'' pastry of that period is [krafna] so they are on sale throughout February and everyone buys/makes A LOT of them.
Not really, but, sadly, there are still Croatians who associate with the idea of Nazism
He's holding the staff of Hermes (two snakes) instead of the staff of Asclepius (one snake)
Nice, I can totally see now how Denmark can become a sharia-ruled state by 2050.
We need to figure something out
The icy one with volcanoes probably.
I remember Paragon guild from wow was Finnish only guild and they were the top guild for few years
Even in countries with far less snow people still use winter tires during the winter simply because ice
Thing is, [Dundo Maroje] is a mid-16th century play written in Croatian in Republic of Ragusa, and I don't really see how Ragusa would be connected to Serbia and Serbian language...
Weren't the domobrani the Yugoslav army and not the puppet state army
Elections are rigged, but even people that voted for Putin could detest the injustice and assassination threat that Navalny is facing
For example, lots of nurses and medicinal doctors leave for Germany or UK because their starting salary there is way higher than here (even adjusted to standard of living) with better working conditions
Yes
Also Kovač is our version of that surname :)
No, he favors virtue signaling and feeling important at dinner tables.
One is for the western market (best ingredients) and the other is for the eastern market with shittiest left overs.
Today there is a commercial center Lidl with 15 employees - on the same spot
Kinda
Crazy and really interesting stuff
It is also very common for those sho live in Bosnia to commute to  Croatia
I wouldn't say odd, but not a lot of people have it
I literally think i'd kill myself if i had the sea for 1 week per year
Something similar in croatian would be names like: Matea/Mateja
With luck and proper use of missile defense and first strikes Russia could only lose as low as 60% of it's population, US and EU lose at minimum 70% of population, EU alone is basically 100% due to the small land area and huge concentration of people
you forgot to mention a draft
No articles, but we do have gendered words and declensions depend on the word gender
The most damage by me is some broken glass that fell of the shelfs
i'll just say that they're adventurous
EDIT: Thx u/carrottossy for the reminder
Zagreb isn't less developed
Well I was very surprised when I found out that my entire language is a dialect of Bosnian/Serbian despite what they were teaching me for 12 years in school.
Not only was he not fired, the police officer was I think eventually promoted
There is a small issue with -ije or -je
I thought Europe was trying to avoid animosity between nations?
Honestly I think steaks are overrated
' I need to trryy thatt
This was invented by Bandić himself, only to more easily squeeze the last lipa from our pockets
To imagine Istanbul being a city state throughout the 20th century...
Specially considering that Clinton got 2.8 million more votes than Trump, but failed to get electoral votes.
USA has seemingly been at war with someone "every other Tuesday", for as long as I remember.
The Australian refugee policy is excellent and magnificent.
You gonna love it
Dumbass kids don't even know how to swim apparently
So first of all you got the digits1 - jedan, 2 - dva, 3 - tri, 4 -četiri, 5 - pet, 6 - šest, 7 - sedam, 8 - osam, 9 - devet and 0 - nula
[Museum of broken relationships] in Zagreb, Croatia
it was worse because they had to sue for peace and only got a sliver of territory, and it made hitler think the ussr was a joke thus strengthening his idea to invade it which as we know backfired horrifically
Holy shit
> Marriage is the partnership of which to raise a family is the goal
They are not my ISP, 2
UKs ia definately not civilaised but croatian isn't much better
Actually not bad as I expected, considering all that Festung shit and duration of battle.
Anyway, Yugoslavian Army did try to break out the barracks and to capture border crossings and airfield in co-ordination with additional units coming in from Croatia.
It woke me up
can confirm
Slovenian I think is much more easier to read but depends where are you from
correct one of the reasons he talked about changing NATO rules if others don't pay up
I hope this is it and not a foreshock
We mostly buy our phones and service plans separately
Rails = economy
I think one should be careful to consider it as representative of Russia
Man, whenever Germany is first in just about anything, which happens on a semi-regular basis, "Deutschland über alles" goes through my head.
YOu drive like crazy at home, then carefully and slow while in slovenia and then rock on after leaving slovenia
Don't see how this would make the highway any safer
There was only one in Rijeka in 1995.
get us in before we start killing each other again.
* Lika: there are more dead than alive people there at this point tbh (just the way Nagash likes)
Unless it is a special occasion, like eating at a real restaurant for some reason, weddings, birthdays, Christmas eve etc
The Croatian name for platypus is čudnovati kljunaš, which translates to _strange beaker_.
It's actually more densely populated than Canada.
Today is also black day for Europe, it's failings on timely acting and recognizing [Croatian War of Independance]
And snownova how is it any different then BBC or independent that promotes multiculturalism, gay relationships ?
Austria is mostly there through the relations of Croatian politicians with the Habsburg dynasty, and their constant blocking of unification of Croatia-Slavonia and Dalmatia
Of course it's not the same, because people on the front page see it and then automatically form an opinion without checking the comments.
So if you dont want to wait, you can go private and pay
How is a message on a picture of a flag "flying in the wind with stars on it that shine upon its land" not percieved as cringy in a subreddit that regularly makes fun of similar 19th century notions of romantic nationalism
Just because nobody is a Saint you cant just equate everyone to be equally bad.
Add the abundance of sun, nature being cleaner due to lack of industrialisation/overfishing etc, a natural non-aversion to herbs and spices, general better respect for food than in the north and you got yourself a winning combo
when did they took it to build wooden boats
Jel utjehe nema u vodi
You are welcomed, bro
*  - went offline but good footage
Also our ID serves as a passport for every other EU memeber, EEA members, Switzerland, Bosnia and Herzegovina and Kosovo
We have 1246 islands, isles and imlets
If you leave doors open - Were you born on a boat
With the new government, the far righters have been politically decapitated.
Support for 2017 Merkel chancellorship surges: survey
In English you would have to you use passive voice, in Croatian you just say: "Grandpa (was) killed (by) grandma" (Djeda je ubila baka) and it still means the same thing because of grandma being in nominative case which depicts subject and grandpa being in accusative case that says this is the object
Nature is really charming
18/19
East slavic languages are I think easier for us to understand tho at least for me
You about to anger some Croatians, including me lmao
But 50% of generating capacity belongs to Croatia, that's the whole point.
For a country that size and such political ambition, 11 billion is nothing.
Al su snijezi, al su labudovi
Mass tourism in general seems like a big issue in Europe that not many are talking about
In the early years we went on smaller trips in the local countryside every two weeks or so and had quite a good time, but bigger trips were always the shit
Who works more than 8 hours a day regularly
Not trying to count blood cells of other people but this is how I understand this topic after talking with some of my Istrian friends from university
But the good thing is that private healthcare is pretty affordable due to universal healthcare because if it was too expensive, nobody would use it
You are welcome
I never felt unsafe in Vienna
That's why I always hate those *English random syllables* transcriptions of foreign words/sounds.
You can send SMS via PC, receive notifications, make and recieve calls, and more
Either way, welcome to Europe :)
You said heritage doesn't matter but only that they "look same to you".
P a c m a n
Critical war materials being traded between enemies.
But I am well aware that kids drinking is a no no
Really enjoyable even after all these years
No talents, vocals more annoying than a fly or mosquito, drug promotive songs etc
If sometgings wrong with the baby, ok
It's insane that still to this day they're denying the things they did and that some outside people actually believe them, even my country's shit corrupt government didn't deny the horrible crap NDH did in WW2
mmmm
The rest are normal: š, č, ć, ž, đ
They love Jesus and at the same time spread antisemitic slurs
"Ko žene razumije, taj more varit i drvo"
[Krapina Neandethral Museum]
The interent in my room barely breaks 1mb/s and youre getting almost a gigabyte per second
IMO that's the best America First video.
Followed by the obligatory [reply song.]
Agree with you on that
Do you even mass automation brah?
Switching 2 parties, making his own, a true master of shameless political trade
Something like this can't happen with Poland or Sweden for example.
Minister of finance used to be highly ranked Agrokor board member
Many of them would not be able to finance their campaign without the money from Russia.
*nervous sweating*
You know how many shootings, super scary AR-15 or not, happen in the US outside of gun free zones?
Not sure if this is appropriate for this sub, but I dind't know where else to ask.
Tink agen fakr
Do you now have border control on R.
When you defend Putin and Trump then you come off as biased while trying to appear neutral
Whether he's a tool of Putin's Russia or simply deranged - the case is still open.
Yeah, *jednolično* or word *lično* is in Bosnian and Serbian.
Social workers and psychologists have more work or at least there's a greater demand for their profession which puts people into employment.
Split - Spalato
Then Egypt and Phenycians
No, we weren't conquered, at least get the facts right.
ч in лучше makes the sound č and in чуть it makes the sound ć but if you look on the wikipedia for russian phonology you wont find č listed as a phoneme and č and ć are wiriten the same way even tho they are tehniclly difrent becuse the diffrence isnt phonemic
*Make America Great Britain Again*
Nadan Vidošević, the former head of the HGK - Croatian Chamber of Commerce*.
Sed eu posuere elit
wtf is your problem
In Croatia there is a musical called "Jalta, Jalta", portraying the world "leaders" as corrupted and selfish, and it advocates that they should have left the other countries alone
Digitron is an electronics company that has become synonimous with Cauculators some people use  Digitron to mean Cauculator
would posting [this] on Facebook get you arrested?
Crime ratings are low and also cops from other countries come to work in out region during summer together with our police because of lot of foreign tourists, so they can feel as home.
They accept both vocabularies and both accents
Nullam id vulputate est, sit amet tempus odio
I'm Italian too but 186cm blonde with blue eyes
Hahah
Nice username
The elections are 4 years from now?
They help rich people not pay taxes like us little idiots do.
You can to speak completely normally because infinitive, even though sound farmer-like little
Neum would be more useful if we wanted something like that, anyway.
Schnappsen is German word I believe
Other accents are from the mountains and they are mostly mixed and the northernmost part speaks its own language
It is if we want to uphold NATO and article 5.
Croatia has 1131 of corona cases we ste fucked
For example I'd like to visit western US (without oregon, washington and california)
Those "krafne" look good
I understand people rather moving to the most prosperous countries but if you're fleeing for your life and safety, why not be happy with a perfectly fine country like Lithuania or Portugal?
In Croatia it might be Glina
[And the map is ready
As others, I thought that it was a picture of a carpet before I saw people on the road
Ukraine would like to have a word with you
Assyrians, Akadians, Sumerians etc are done in a single lesson as a sequence of civiliziations in mesopotamia
Well they are incredibly stupid in more than one regard, but I think that reading a truck manual for the next attack (if only there wouldn't be one!) isn't beyond their abilities.
I am against all forms of nationalism and that is the main reason why I said what I said.
I don't see how that changes anything
-Some people believe Serbia is purposely causing us drought and bad weather with HAARP systems.
Earthquakes, virus, red water, meteors
Croats arrived to the Balkans in the 7th century, but it is unknown when it was founded
Do you think that European Union will last forever?
The people exercise the power through the election of representatives and through direct decision-making
Those things basically promote drug abuse
Why is this funny
000
Everyone has an in-group preference.
Yes, we have quite a bit in Croatia, here are just 2 biggest ones: amphitheater in Pula and Diocletian palace in Split
Virgin wildfires vs Chad nuclear meltdowns
Croatia - Italy
definitely, but good things is in Croatia basically everyone speaks English so you can without any problems do a bilingual talk, its very common in younger generation
Not really, only ethnic nationalists would follow that contradiction.
And the fact it stil isnt removed from Jasenovac is awful.
The value of the market itself however, is where its at
Apparently Croatian Istrians and Slovenian Istrians speak something in which they understand each other perfectly.
France and Germany are kinda role models for me
1138 years since the international recognition of Croatia and 25 years since its diplomatic recognition
They don't use Italian names, but what is annoying is when Italian tourists expect everyone here to understand Italian (when most people don't) and refuse to speak English (which most people do)
Thanks Poland for saving Croatia from the Ottomans, if u never saved us Croatia wouldnt exist today
Their assholes will burn later
What about massive percentage of kids smoking at age 14 and drinking at 12
that's just 1 of the 4 theories of Dolazak Hrvata or in English The Arrival of the Croats
Ah, Montepaschi
So much mess involving you
Those fishes are ethnic Croats
And IIRC most of that population below the line (and many that are/were close to it) wasn't from Europe.
Sed interdum, lorem a efficitur convallis, dolor ipsum eleifend arcu, sodales dapibus lacus urna eu urna
She thought it's all artificial
Well this was back in '80s and '90s, even early '00s, but then signal got weak for some reason.
Croatia, too
The Roman Republic was 1,950,000 km² at its largest while the Roman Empire was 5,000,000 km² at its largest.
*cries in Croatia*
Nothing, he just has a milder version of conspiracy sickness.
I will say heresy but I never order ćevapi in a restaurant
Besides him, a lot of conservatives don't like the new president Milanović, mostly because of his liberal stances on social issues I think, but I'm not that informed on him (or really Croatian politics in general if I'm honest)
I just learned Kinder is from Italy and not from Germany
Nah we're good
Here in Croatia we might actually have fewer deaths than last year if the current Corona mortality holds and tourist season traffic doesn't pick up
You just blew my mind
And Zagreb is, unfortunately, still metro-less
Best beers: Grička Vještica, Zmajsko Pozoj, Nova Runda, Tomislav
* 10^6   -> Milijun
Yes, I can tell apart North american accents from rest of the accents
I would like to visit them all eventually
Meh, Trump's tax returns is just the last straw the lefties are grabbing when they get shat on for trying to describe Trump as racist, sexist, blah blah.
Those details are just crazy
Nothing else
kebab maker
And he's so hilarious and talented.
People rushed out of the building
Culture and bontone are terms for you as well to look up
Of course I need to learn grammar to use the language properly
I am ashamed of that
Only thing is we're not in the Schengen area so we have to have ID cards to cross but it doesn't take long
Bosnian croats-/serbs are just serbs/croatians born on the Territory of Bosnia and Hercegovina
I feel stereotypical in some ways and the opposite in others and the same would be the case in pretty much any other country
Helping to preserve Austria-Hungary would also be a massive benefit
True, we were just jealous at them, now we earn as much as them in 2 months time while advent is active
Decriminalize marijuana
Could you give any examples
That is a stupid claim, religion only made it easier to differentiate between ourselves.
Google Maps: °42'11.7"N+15°43'38.2"E/@43.7032854,15.7275022,565m/data=!3m1!1e3!4m5!3m4!1s0x0:0x0!8m2!3d43.70324!4d15.72728
>I doubt a lot of people know why it's named after him and what he accomplished in his life
To be honest, not all was great but as any time it had it's pros and cons and I find it silly to generalise
Napoleon in Croatia is viewed very positively, at least in Dalmatia
No, we have such diverse facial and hair features that you can see blond, redhead, brown, and black haired and complections fair and dark and between
If you need anything while you're here, feel free to send me a PM
Of course there were elements of shadiness around him from the beginning, but I remember being a kid and seeing Russia in the news as hopelessly poor/messy, also insert <drunk Yeltsin> not caring about any of that.
︎milijarda (10^9 ) = billion
Yes
If anyone then the royal family
You said none of them are used actually but you must be using "tura lits" if nothing else, right
" ("Tell me about it, Im gonna shit myself
Sometimes yes but sometimes we let them eat first then let them go play or the other way around we eat if they are playing and then they do
Very rarely will somebody mention inequality in a global context
And also it's not even clear that there's a majority support for independence in the first place since all the people against independence didn't vote as they agreed with the government stance that the vote is illegitimate
I eat bread with something i can dip it in (goulash, sarma, punjene paprike) and thats it
I don't know if I'm more disturbed by the fact that I can clearly see the Nile (aren't we taking this light pollution too far?)...
I mean technically you could get a few members of the opposition to play along but I don't think that's ever actually happened.
A Dutch friend of mine told me that when it finally hits 20C in the Netherlands in spring everyone is outside wearing shorts
Never mind, carry on
Certainly not a rule, but if a surname ends in any of those there is a high chance there it’s from those countries
There was a Croatian Kingdom but I don't count that since it was so long ago it really doesn't have anything to do with modern Croatia, besides that the only country we had was this one.
Il si za poglavnika il si za maršala
Sed ex diam, feugiat ac neque sit amet, feugiat sagittis lorem
For current Periscope streams:
Prior to Berwick, it follows the river but then diverts from that path
It mentions ‘the right of sexual exploitation’, obedience to the husband, and it says that ‘the good woman is one who is obedient’, that a woman cannot go out without the knowledge of her husband, and that she must wear flirtatious dresses and try to please her husband when he beats her.
Those were thoughts of a highly educated/moderate muslims working for western company
Eh, I don't know if it counts, but in Croatia the media goes nuts a couple of time per year about some damn stork that flies over and nests with the (supposedly) same female every year
I dont think it has a name
All I can see is them holes and I wonder if some people have windows/balconies on that side
I'm talking about standard slovenian vs standard macedonian
One of the worst things in the world is when i have to get up before 7 to go to work and then i step outside, snow everywhere, still dark, and i have to clean my fucking car
This map is bad, because 49% is red and 50% is green
Ragusa is still Ragusa, it's not controversial to call it that, if that's what you thought.
Russia is free to pick a person who didn't break Ukraine's laws.
Of course they want to defend their interests and of course the EU has a problem when two of the biggest net contributors have a problem
For what I know people were killed mostly with cold weapons like knives, axes, hard objects and other shit like gas
Together we managed to pull something out of otherwise impossible situation (I am reffering to both yugoslav initiatives at their eary days, when the world was bearing down on us, but also to their refugees, who settled Ottoman borderlands and fought to halt their advance)
Is it
German, most of the people learn German as second foreign language in school
Where are these types of Germans, because working in IT for an American company that has subsidiaries all over the world the only other language used in company wide emails and documents is German
Serbia, bosnia, montenegro and (in lesser extent) slovenia would be fine
However, I don't think people identify with it at all, it's seen as the times when Slavs hadn't arrived here yet, even though they obviously mixed with the Roman citizens and they are equally our ancestors as the Slavs.
Czech Republic: Hugging a girl I really like
What is unfinished about Schengen?
When we went on school trips the parents had to pay
There is a spin off after the new testament called game of thrones
Well, Yugoslavia was great until 4.5.1980.
Fortunately we're not English and have logical spelling.
Yes, the UK could convince Germany of the economic merits of having a comprehensive trade deal without much effort.
A few years ago I could take a ride in our funicular to the upper town alone, peacefully.
Croatia-Hrvatska
Last but not least the most interesting one:
nowadays also means "clit". i stayed in a hotel of the same name
Hot - 30+
I feel you, Im also a nerd
They still cause trouble even from abroad.
Or maybe, I dunno the left doesn't give a fuck about what religion someone believes in and that believing in Islam doesn't make you a subhuman?
Not sure if this was posted in the comments, but [this] made me feel ashamed of coming from a country that allowed her to represent us in the EU parliament
Those ideas you could find among so-called Western Marxists and some anarchists
why, because it doesnt condemn homosexuality and propagate gender ideology or something
French is a dead language, after all
I dont think it was without scaffolding since independence
Split for sure since everything criminally related or things that don't happen in other parts in Croatia happen there
r/gaeilge is much more active
At least for the top and bottom left
Yes, it was bought and continued working after being privatized and downsized, but it doesnt really count
mmmm
East asians are for some reason fascinated with us
B) i dont own an EU flag nor know anyone who does
Remeaning of the citadel in Karlovac
In high school you choose between religion and ethics, and most people take ethics, whereas in primary school you just have religion and you can either take it or write to the school that you want to drop the class (mostly kids who are not Catholic do that, everyone else takes it because it's easy)
I would not say it is unrealistic, if some bigger obstacles do not show up.
Wiping that white shit up and down while i'm freezing to death and while the snow is getting in my shoes
People that say "it's cheaper that way"
Aj ken bi eniver enitajm end aj ken kil ju in ovr handrd vejs end dets đust vit maj ber hends
The concathedral is very tall being second tallest in Croatia after Zagreb(currently tallest since the Zagreb cathedral suffered from earthquakes) and is a gothic style cathedral
So the BBC lying about Rotherham sex abuse
I don't know exactly why, but it sounds clearer I guess
Most compassionate- *Everyone writes in their own country*
And sometimes Croats call you Psići (mean doggies but sure not derogatory) fot the same reason
Slovenia can't count on that capacity as it can't regulate it.
Northern Croatia was hit by a 5
Sure, with a decent wage life is pretty damn good here
I listen to Ukrainian music every now and then as a matter of fact, and it‘s around 60% intelligible for me
I went on an youth exchange under the Erasmus+ programme in Sarikamis, Turkey
Moreover, I have no idea what the opinions of the majority of people are
I still hate that history teacher, since she had pretty much no idea of history, and was overall pretty dumb
Ottoman invasions will do that to you
Because i'm reading the lists and everyone has at least 1 leader from civilization series
Best place for a winter vacation.
I was gonna say it's not a thing in Croatia till my boss showed up in one just now.
Nothing is stopping them from playing in fresh air right now
I didn't say it was exclusive and i was too tired to type an essay why armenia is a part of europe
Lol, what are you talking
Most of people here use WhatsApp and Viber.
The point is blaming Belgium over something it had no control over
But compared to everything we had before it, it was progress.
Here's where I took the template from;
I noticed that those soldiers at the 4 minute mark, who I assume are reservists, are wearing shakos.
How does this work and where can I get it
But yeah, great nature and landscape too, probably chill people
Of course, the Constitution is shitting about the secular state, but who cares
I don't really see many good things here tbh.
It a) comes precut or b) I use a knife to cut it to slices
I really like it
[Nothing is black and white, there were those who were pro future jugoslavia, those against it, and those who were pro jugoslav but turned against it after they saw what it was.
B) i dont own an EU flag nor know anyone who does
Eastern Europe is now a legitimate market for EU goods
No, Domobrani were the regular army of NDH
Just think about it, the Mongols came all the way to the Mediterranean, insane
Otkuda si
Maybe we are not politically as close, but you will always have respect from Croats
Also, a lot of times children live close by so they go to school together
Lime&ginger is the best, by far!
I disagree
it's a different dialect I would say.
Calm your tits
If i had to guess i'd say continental croatia, right
I never thought about even if it is actually pretty obvious.
completely agree
So, are you saying one incident paints the whole country?
Tokyo is built the european way where everything is walkable and trains reign supreme when it comes to long range transport
In Croatian we don't have articles to show the gender of the world, but to determine and prove the gender of a certain word, you say for example *this* table
I also prefer your flag with the emblem it just makes it better and more recognisable in the world
People, do we really want another failed state at our doors?
Oh my god don't even get me started
I don't  watch football religiously
Good idea, lousy data
Maybe the only option that could be perceived as good is Germany/Switzerland/Fennoscandia
Maybe walled cities with a castle were called grad so the word had a double meaning or something...
A body was found latley in one of the houses
Thanks to Venecian colonists, the Dalmatian people have picked up an Italian-sounding pronounciation and quite a bit of italian-derivative words
Austro-Ugarska
That's why today we mark the European Day of Remembrance for Victims of Stalinism and Nazism
I don’t see the appeal to them
3 earthquake minutes ago, Zagreb cathedral seriously damaged
Speaking of, when I was on a class trip to Spain and we stayed overnight in Cannes, we went to McDonalds and I wanted to order French fries so I said "pommes frites" (pohm-free, since we call them like that in Croatia and I thought it originated from France), but the woman who was taking the order just looked at me like she didn't understand what I was saying.
The person who bans ZDS will be a political deadman.
I believe this gave birth to using "cattle" as an insult for individuals, regardless of them having the mad cow disease or not
and bang, a Pole hits a pole
So if vaccination starts on a larger scale and things come back to some normality
To me, it sounds like a Scot trying to speak German but he keeps randomly throwing words of Hebrew in
Honest question for Latvians and Estonians, considering that more than every fourth person in your country is Russian, how do they react to anti-Russian climate and political decisions
In terms of syntax, stress, and lexis.
Chernosjek
You're right, but you could have simply asked what it is rather than asking if it was a school (?).
"When are you getting married" is a pretty common question lol
Pro-tip
Picture of Cairo :
Ja u kupe ti u špade
RIP
A lot of people plan to publish their nicer code or working on it after our courses and make something of it so it's really cool
In Croatia we have tambura/tamburitza and some other old primitive traditional instruments like bagpipes and more primitive tamburas - [example for all of it] Tambura bands have 5-8 members but there are also orchestras and folklore organizations who take care of preserving and promoting this kind of music and art
Sorry but I don't see anything in your link to prove different from what I said
Huge decisions are about deciding who get's to live.
> small mistakes in a foreign language cause 3 kids
Thus 'trg' (town square) sounded like 'trk' (running)
Even before that
*Assuming that other nationalists across EU don't use the UK as a leading example ._.
"Sto ljudi,sto čudi"
Either I'm stupid or that answers nothing, but I fear it's the first one
But it sucked more for gay people
I dont really know why but im sure ur looking at right place
Kind of exotic but familiar at the same time
In the 2015 list I linked, you were in the "High" box instead of "Very High" like now.
If you know Cyrillic, Russia is relatively simple to guess.
The old part has 26 buildings while new part from this capitalist era, has 52 buildings, only one school and one kidnergarten
Trouble is Croatia of a sort participated in the holocaust, so it will always have higher level of importance than armenian genocide or holodomor.
And these ppl have friends and families
Um, just arrest them for treason.
Well they did send us a note recently as our PM went to Ukraine and offered our experience with separatists.
There will be a full report when the vote ends
Information rules the world and around those tables, most horrifying secrets are revealed, and the smartest philosophical concepts constructed
Everyone listens to the same music, wears the same clothes, basically speaks the same language
It was doomed to fail just like the Soviet Union
Let's say Le Pen pulls a Trump here and France leaves the EU.
Edit: I rewrote the first comment, so there aren't any confusions
She has the 3 same outfits just in different colors
Nulla semper sollicitudin erat, ut dapibus est efficitur vitae
I'm just saying it's a difficult thing to do, maybe even impossible, for people that lost someone during the fightings.
It would've been such a nice and fitting name for it
Of course you should know more about the topic than the rest of us
Tapkanje (doesn't mean anything, comes from the sound of hitting the floor with your hands "TAP
The usual counter is that they are prepared to work for much less.
I really didn't know that the climate is so mild there, so it makes more sense now
They do
and now even to this day it's pretty much political suicide for any japanese politician to condemn or even acknowledge japanese war crimes
Yes, the whole affair is just surreal
Dunno why we keep reacting like this to proposals from lobies, nowadays if you had enough money you could make a serious proposal to charge birds for using flight space .
That's right, also in [Slovenia] and [Croatia]
Most of inland Croatia is 100-200 m (not the hills, of course)
It is tho, so exotic
You are completely right about Franjo Tuđman and others like him
You are right with "hlib" that is ikavian version of serbian "hleb", we use "kruh" instead but in "jekavian" form would be "hljeb".
USA also has like 10 times more illegals than Europe all while trying to to stop them, while we didn't even try to stop them for some time and now that we did close Balkan route it dropped 99%(but our borders are weak?- weak borders paradox huh?), also something I've never seen mentioned is fact that you can't get on a plane to EU without a VISA, meaning you can't come and overstay like 40% of Mexicans do in US, so we in a way have even stronger border policy, so when someone says how bad are we compared to US I don't know what the fuck they're talking about.
And serbs be like: "But we were not aggressors, we defended"
I'll see myself out
Read our Constitution
Ok, fair enough, but then why use the term when you consciously know it isn't right
But mind you, when I do venture out of specific subs (r/asoiaf is most common in my case), I usually go to r/all, which happens to be fairly USA-centric^1 as I said.
I kind of stopped following our football league, but I think July is time for international matches, i.
Chayenne because it's a biggest rodeo, 3 states that make up Yellowstone so naruelly I heard about these and know their capitals
We didn't leave our books at school
What is even more interesting, young people are often even more extreme about it, even though they may not practice religion that much
~~It's not a matter of belief, I'm telling you a fact
One big reason why I give windows the edge is because i play a lot of games and not all are from steam and they tend to run better on win10
Like if you have a Lika accent or a harecore Kajkavian accent you're most likely a village boi, etc
I would love to go there one day...
- Franjo Tuđman + all presidents of Croatia since 1991
dar u kôm sva blaga višnji nam Bog je dô,
Because other comment explained they dont want to lose big allies if they support Catalonia they lose spain
Zagreb is not even close to that number
-312, are you serious
Apparently, we have only sadness everywhere.
However, keep in mind my first language is Slavic, so it's pretty easy for me to differentiace Slavic from other languages
Slavic languages are also underrepresented as important languages
When you guys pronounce your 'r's it sounds like you're trying to gather saliva in your mouth for a nasty spit
Don't know because I don't follow the shitstorm that is our politics.
My world veiw is shattered
Also in Bulgarian "karam" means "I am driving" whereas in Serbo-Croatian it means "I am fucking".
Balkan: Hold my rakia
In the early years we went on smaller trips in the local countryside every two weeks or so and had quite a good time, but bigger trips were always the shit
Croatia has a bigger military budget.
It's a mandatory subject throughout the last 4 years of primary school
Let's take Shrek for example
Turns out it's exactly the same word.
Go bald dude it will suit you better
And then, I had a little talk with my boss
"Ko pod drugim jamu kopa, sam u nju upada" is my personal favourite
I have never in my life heard anyone say "skužajte", but I live in Zagreb.
Jer ja sam iz Slavonije
Kurac or Idi u pičku materinu are a lot better
Some people believe they will get a cold from being on a draft, it doesn't matter if it's the middle of summer.
Poland has neutral growth so no, that isn't going to happen
If you want, I can spell it in German: Sch-Tsch-i
In reality it should be a small village but it is a town because of royal decrees in the past (12th century, I think)
Men: Višeslav, Borna, Vladislav, Mislav, Trpimir, Zdeslav, Domagoj, Branimir, Muncimir, Domagoj, Tomislav, Krešimir, Miroslav, Mihovil, Stjepan, Svetoslav, Gojislav, Petar, Dmitar Zvonimir
Oh yeah sobody has to clean that up just beacouse you couldn't wait
(Going by those I know) They are just passing through here so why should we care?
The deal effectively has it both ways
uzroče istini od naše sve slave,
you are the true source of all our glory,
East for us begins at Belarus, Moldova and Ukraine
In the end, it is all up to you how you handle it
Yay my country Croatia is getting popularrrrr
Split - Spalato
Which
Non-geographically, we shouldn't be discussing Europe, because Europe IS a geographical concept
Good luck hahah
Well let me just move to a flat desert as far as possible from this Czech monstrosity thank you
Rails, rails, rails, rails
Also, many people study in Slovenia as well, so they have to commute there daily
When war comes we should just move capitals depending on who is attacking
And the one that boils my blood the most is being called a third world country
You forgot about nightly towel invasion of beaches
We are working
Me too
Why isn't Yugoslavia in the database
LMAO
Also, only half of Croatia is in the Balkans, the half below Sava river.
It's a bit pricy though, 300-400 euros.
That means that every federative rep needed to say yes
But let’s be real, we’re most likely getting F-16, I just hope the newest version
And the pace of the development, except maybe that of Slovenia, is modest and insufficient
The renovations should have been completed this year I believe, but now after the quake, they say we’re looking at a long time before it’s renovated
Školjka means clam
I am ashamed of that
Pretty much what I meant
In Istria some people use italian word "pronto".
Looks at his history, literally every single one of his comments is about GMO, I wonder what's the salary.
unless you're a hunter or whatever
I think it's this:
In any other case: ex-YU countries, Poland or Ireland
All those benefits and advantages melted in the wars of the nineties
Maybe that's why you don't see it
you cannot level a Holiday celebrating their entity, with a referendum on leaving
...THAT much
How much interethnic intolerance is there?
I thought the peaceful nomads were living there.
It was the only thing we were able to find in a gas station near our hotel
I remember when I was a kid father asked whose kit I want
Marriage is for men and women
As I said I really don't know many details.
Yet still, the countries and the peoples went to war, and did terrible things to each other
But we all gotta be careful for any sick foxes
Depending which dialect you can probably learn Croatian proper but then you might come to the northwest Croatian mountains(Hrvatsko Zagorje) and hear a total different language that even Croats can't understand or you might go to Slavonia or Dalmatia and hear an absolutely different accent and new words which aren't used in Croatian proper so every part of Croatia is different especially the northwest, North(međimurje), northeast, Istria and of course eastern Lika, Kordun and eastern Slavonia where they speak Serbian
And even if he actually bought repairs for the city, the spending was very mismanaged and insufficient for many people
Keep fighting the good fight, Netherlands
Why would Belgium celebrate united Germany
If you yawn without putting hand over your mouth - Close your mouth you'll swallow me
highly depends on if i'm going to the store high or sober
Yeah, no shit we can't win 4v6 when your retarded ass is trying to ruin us
Install another oligarch who will continue to steal the living fuck out of everything that he can get his hands on while the America and European Union look on with puppy eyes at Ukrainian people?
For example, the most common engines in Europe are 4 cylinder 1.4 - 2.0s.
Work less and have so much free time to have a coffee with some randos and complain about the country while not working
I wonder what will Croatia look like :D
And here is why Italians love wine so much
I feel like italian would fit for many people on the coast
Facebook partnered with Politifact afaik
This is impenetrable even by modern standards
I'm having mild non sequitur-itis here.
My country joined EU, which means migrating to other EU countries - should I choose to do so - is way easier and requires far less paperwork compared to USA, making them more attractive
With access to all information in last 20 years, of course this changed
War is the destruction of human nature
Those are usually for night life and cheap drinks
Let's try not to generalize, my 'evidence' is of anecdotal nature.
Not really here, but even doe a lot of refugees were here they mostly passed on.
No way
TBH this map is a bit misleading.
Otherwise they’re unlocked during the day
I'd also add đikani to the list
I heard they gained some limited political presence
Ah yes,  as a Belgian you'd be the expert here
As someone who moved to Germany last year, this kinda sound like my colleague from Schwaben
Vienna was my home for quite some time
Always english subs but if the main language of the game is something else I play it with that one
*u moru su sretni svi* (under the sea everyone is happy)
I think it’s common courtesy to at least greet in the local language
Yes
There's just the issue with the term "marriage" being used as the term for the same-sex relationships being embodied in the legal sense
15 minutes walk, 10 minutes tram ride
Just pictures of him digging for nose gold
Only recently (iPhone 11) did Apple start to market a bit more than usual
it's one of the only towns with terrible weather, it looks industrial and unwelcoming
Maybe it's something along the lines: murder is rare(ish) and extreme, and showing it on TV won't necessarily inspire kids to go out and murder IRL people?
the only functioning fighter airforce
What if the virus stagnates in some and the true horrors begin only after a while
It's almost like poverty and lack of education correlates with conservative and nationalistic thinking
The wondrous splendor of its branches
Are you sure that you, and the half of your country are not overreacting ?
> small rural town of 80,000 people
You can't really look at the Isle of Man, the Caymans ect.
They were given opportunity or even made to practice crafts within the camp, but were not integrated into the general population.
• rat - war
KAMBER izam
[Azra - Lijepe žene prolaze kroz grad ]
Sure the borders keep moving through time
She was an essential member of the band.
Plagiarizing, which is a common practice of the music scene in Croatia, can help us send some better songs to Europe, present our culture in a more favorable light, and gift Europe with our national genius that is so far more evident in corruption, fake democracy, or rampant emigration
Lets say some $800
I'd say your politicians randomly deciding to split the USSR was a way worse geopolitical tragedy for Russia than selling Alaska
I don't think any human being with a brain is blaming Poland for extermination camps, people are much more likely saying the death camps were in poland, not that the Polish controlled them
HDR, shitty
It is situated on the Drava river in the east of Croatia near Hungary and Serbia between the Slavonia and Baranja regions of the Pannonian Basin
This Brexit posts are getting tiresome.
Who is responsible for all the attacks in Germany?
Most Slavic languages can understand each other sufficiently with enough hand motions.
Also, the accent from Zagorje is often used with village folk/hillbilly types of characters, like Tow Matter from Cars
Siječanj, Veljača, Ožujak, Travanj, Svibanj, Lipanj, Srpanj, Kolovoz, Rujan, Listopad, Studeni, Prosinac
Who is this guy and why is he relevant?
Doodle Jump - simple phone game
**Slovenes**: they're in a camper or on a bike
(i used students as an example as that is in my age range)
There was even a movement of the workforce, you could go and work in any other part of the federation
Sneak 100
You can't beat geography when trade is concerned.
Makes you wonder if that "public" dude is a sane person.
6 million Euros on this [concrete goal post] and 92
You see as mentioned before UK will need to sign a new trade agreement with EU, and guess what will be there as one of the EU terms?
They are the true aggressor here.
It was a joke because Luka is half-Croatian and half-Slovenian.
Australian*
To be fair, they could really use batman over there.
Also, anyone wearing a jersey with their country's color on it is a filthy fucking nationalist.
925 was the year when the first kingdom of Croatia appeared with the crowning of the king Tomislav
We also had a 5 HRK note, but that didn't last long
A part of my family is and we still have some property there.
You are really good at it too
The only phrase with biting I heard here is "zagrist govno", "to bite the shit", but that one doesn't have anything to do with dying, it's used more in the sense of "suck it up and do something unpleasant".
TFW we had people walking around named Zec Jelena Rabbit Deer that can be seen as Rabbit fucked a deer
It came to no surprise that most of the world celebrated Croatias victory but I was surrounded with shocked Englishmen saying "I don't understand why no one likes us"
Pretty Common in villages and smaller towns in Croatia
around 10,5 instead of 11,1 bn.
Is he famous in Slovenia too or are you laughing at his surname?
We also have other identities - our family, linguistical, religious, professional, our hobbies and interests etc
a) you are grossly underestimating the power of spite
My great-grandpa ended up in a concetration camp
Don't be so rude, man lost his cat.
I’ve met 2 or 3 people who watched it, but AFAIK its’s practically unheard of in Croatia
Cut him some slack, the guy lived in the time which we don't even understand
B) the same people appointing the ones in the Netherlands have a vote in appointing the ones in Brussels
Constantly, and it's really annoying
Which is kinda odd
Same in croatian - aktualno
Also, I've heard about the possible connections of the Brabant killers with Operation Gladio, right wing government and all that
"] by Ružica Šimić Banović discussing the context
Try throwing rocks onto police in Croatia, you'll probably end up in a hospital...
QWERTZ with č ć đ ž and š, some other things are moved around as well, such as parentheses being on 8 and 9
It's just wrong to do that
"lakat" (elbow) is used specifically in my home town and is 51
Jakub ran to the local barn and jumped in the hay trying to escape
everyone
Most of my family freaks out without bread
I was there in 2019 and the neighbourhood was still being built but it looked pretty good and fancy
kamo - "where" in the context of destination
(I am using celebrities as examples because I don't want to post pictures of random people here)
What exactly is the point of that article?
[Hajduk Split]
Thank you Slovenia for not hating us
"In 1660 a regiment of Croats arrived in France — a part of their singular costume excited the greatest admiration, and was immediately and generally imitated; this was a tour de cou , made (for the private soldiers) of common lace, and of muslin or silk for the officers ; the ends were arranged en rosette , or ornamented with a button or tuft, which hung gracefully on the breast
>Mobile pay for car parking
because Croatia helped them in the war?
You're as Balkan as everybody
In that case i wouldnt have to move then
Hundreds of occupiers since the end of our kingdom in 1102, catholic church in the balkans and our general shape is weird and hard to manage with flat lands in the east, mountains in the middle and coastline in the west on such a weird and small Territory with diffrent style Croats all around it makes our country special
For God's sake man, our first president was Tito's general
Didnt the greeks started this shit ?
-Fire your Tompson, Kalashnikov and Zbrojovka
I know, i know, it was around vienna but still counts as polish history
What is natural
I have never seen these in my life, on the internet, or in real life
It's not exactly a political statement
I am quite surprised that even our Greens voted for CETA.
1941 - 1945 Independent State of Croatia
It's really funny that most likely Croatia gave more to Serbia then China
Russians just tried to pull a coup in Montenegro.
You, afterwards, tried to prove me wrong by quoting my comment, in which I shared my own personal conclusion, which differs from what the media and that specific article say
We had a ton of tents for them, they dont need a four star hotel to stay in, beggars aint choosers, but i guess if you're muslim you can have it all.
In my local bar, you can pour water in your glass over the bar if a lot of people are being served currently, altough it's a small bar where most of the time people from village only come
"A military commander who was passing through, exhausted and dehydrated, stopped at one point and dug his sword in the dry, cracked ground, out of despair, and water suddenly began gushing out of it
Gay couples could not
Who doesn't love a good old sarma mmm
Finland and Lithuania / Norway and Croatia and KINDA naturally compearable
It was a huge amount of territory loss with a lot of German population in it
Why would Belgium celebrate united Germany
Zovem se Lara
Maybe, it is probably just personal opinion but Russian Cyrillic is different from the Serbian one
Big badda-boom
Prepare for the screams of "I didn't vote for THIS" regardless out outcome.
Yeah
don't raise 3 fingers and yell "THlIS IS SERBIA", you will just get fucked up
What a drama queen, it was just a prank.
And thanks for čevapi and pljeskavica
Btw, thanks for the answer
Because there is a civil debate about a political subject
I can always recognize foriegners and in many cases guess where there from easily
Oh boy, wait till you learn about croatian spelling
That's some Cold war bullshit, but nowadays they don't even care for pretense to use for example a proxy and the president of the United States gloats publicly on social media
Game, set, match
"How's things
According to PDF, we trust TV, Radio, written press, partially the Internet but we don't trust Social networks.
You gotta make it crystal clear that it's a joke or people will be jumping down your throat until the end of time
And they are more numerous now than before.
Germany, Denmark, Croatia, USA or any other country for that matter
Most of the old rules are present in every Slavic language in some form
Yugoslavia broke up, and so what, return to normal life like it was before Yugoslavia and that's it
Depends on what you mean by appointed democratically
Your country was one of the first to recongize Kosovo
Regular check-ups are the one you have to wait for a little bit longer
Vis - Issa
There isn't even a discussion about it.
we don't want him anyway
Yeah we haven't had an offical population census since it happened yet.
I have pizza cutter somewhere in the dusty drawer
Around 2 years ago, this sub completely shifted its opinions in couple months.
Every single word
I am sorry, Mr
Also the turkish advance would be halted
con - with (s-) in French where it originates from
siječnja 1943.) bio je hrvatski i američki znanstvenik i izumitelj srpskoga podrijetla."
Now I can't wait to go back to DE
I believe you have issues with data discerning pale skin and blue/green eyes with just people having lighter skin.
There is also Most (Most nezavisnih lista) but I don't really understand what they are
Considering we have 2 nationalistic Christian parties currently ruling I'm gonna go with centar to far right
I never mentioned *our defenders.*
And the impression of the government is that they're so corrupt and stingy to the people, that they'd rather buy stuffed polar bears for their basements than give anything useful to the people.
I still don't know the answer to that question
Nullam id vulputate est, sit amet tempus odio
We figured it was some part of the orthodox burial ritual or something, just for the priests that hang around there.
Re: 2.: We had an article in one of our daily newspaper comparing life in Denmark with life in Croatia.
(However, for the tiny price of calling Croatia Central Europe
Rijeka is not far behind though
The English are the Serbs, the Irish are the Bosnians, the Scots are the Croatians, the Welsh are the Slovenians and Cornwall is Macedonia
Of course discrimination is bad, but it's hard to ignore the fact that most of them are extremely conservative and religious, plus their mentality, which is completely different from northern Croatia
shortly after they made them city care
Holy crap, I just realized it means redar.
At the risk of sounding like one of those weebos, this is not fair to the katana.
At least they are not bad
*Romania has spent EUR 628 million for the F-16 program.
Depends on where you stand
Called him out on his behaviour, his managers' behaviours and treatment of the collegaues, imposible deadlines and unpaied long overtimes (we stayed in the company for more than 2 hours overtime each day, which is illegal in Germany
Lol, it's trying to be women empowerment, but fails as most parts have no connections
They're leaving a safe country and trying to get into a richer one.
Palaestra non olet ;)
Workers participation
It really could have been much more
Hey, why do you have Croatian and Slovenian flag and Istria in your flair
Interesting
>(I should add that even some Danish people can’t tell written Danish and Norwegian apart, instead thinking it is just Danish with some grammar mistakes or typos
Are you proposing we take potato?
I who's official job description was warehouse worker should know every single thing about every item being sold in a giant store, rather than you simply educating yourself on what you want to buy
There is one every two weeks, hard to keep track of them all
Yes, but we're not neighbouring countries
Often, it is not about coffee, you can order a small glass of tap beer, "gemišt" (white wine with sparkling water), Jaegermeister or something stronger
In Split where I'm from lower than 10°C is cold and higher than 28°C is hot, less than 5°C is too cold and higher than 34° is too hot
Is this legit an earthquake
This says a lot because I have noticed a lot of Brits are more cat people than dog people
"German is so weird sometimes
Not to mention your win over Italy in 2016
I might, but it's going to be his last one
Sad to see ideals backfiring in such a horrible way.
Good for Poland
Can you point me what right gay individual doesn't have that hetero one has in Estonia?
My grandma used to read German books in gothic letters, yet we are not Germans
This looks bad, similar to our older commie buildings but they put trees between them
Why Wyoming over any other rectangle state, idk
I agree that's how it should be, but I'm just going of what it sais in the textbooks
* 10^9   -> Milijarda
Maybe he can help out the prince :D
And if for nothing else, I'd like it because I mildly fell in love when I watched their [Geography Now video] (and even though it's just one of the possible origins of name, "the land of the wolves" is so cool!).
If we cannot assure government stability and birthrate decline in Africa, we'll have far more than 6 million people banging on our door.
You better not be asian or black tho because we dont have those in istria and we'll be able to see through your disguise
It still makes very little sense to me as in Croatia it is mandatory to have one I believe when you turn 16 but, you can get it any time before that (babies can have them)
And mixing cultures is bad because you just end up changing the first one into something else.
Poland can't into space, but it can into Ireland
They only commute to B&H. Though, there is still a proper border check and you could end up waiting even for an hour at the border, people still cross daily no matter
I think it’s quite normalized
This is just Putin revamping the Russian nobility.
but now that I think about it, the last snow in Dalmatia I heard of was when the Kerum Dynamic Duo was (not)running things in Split.
Dalmatia: lazy apartment renters
Started watching anime in high school and when we were on a class graduation trip to Calella and Barcelona I saw Naruto dubbed in German on the tv in the hotel.
Not really, since Croatia is a signature of the Dayton, the Bosniaks will have Croatia at their side while Serbia will not be able to react in any significant manner.
We have pasterized, long lasting milk that we usually put in fridge only when we open it
Puahahahhaha
• do - to
Mostly with BiH, multi national, ethnic and religious country
Weren’t the Emperors of Austria and Kings of Hungary the ones with the title “King of Jerusalem”?
Rails, rails, rails, rails
While we complain to the irish about Apple & co they be like [this]
If Bolek is shortened for Boleslav, what is Lolek short for
Fuck off, we admit Jasenovac happened asshole!
Also I'd feel angry if i were to find out it was not an accident
Beautiful, especially the last part.
It works in US, it's not that it can't be done.
Ok, a few questions
The flu shot is optional and I may be missing some other vaccines, not sure
The same one who said he wants to make greater Serbia where there will be no ethnic minorities and is a war criminal that conducted ethnical cleansing.
[A tie
Like the no-handshake bit, bloody hell if the PM of Papua New Guinea comes to meet you, you'll shake their hand *because this is what adults do*, regardless of who's more powerful in the situation.
Most western, advanced and most organized country from all other exYu countries definitely.
One of the most magical views ever
Then Rome
The rest is kind of up for debate
Croatia is basically just one county in Tennessee
Don't forget "vukojebina" which is translated to "place where wolves fuck".
In Croatia, vaccination is covered in the universal health insurance, which is paid with taxes.
They usually don't know why but they hate the EU ...
Ah, Montepaschi
Supposedly we also have the same folk songs(same melodies and probably words) at least that is what my history teacher told us and generally our history is common so I completely understand Ukranian struggles
>Most people worked 7 to 5,
>It doesn't give the victims satisfaction or justice, it doesn't prevent crimes from happening
When I watched American shows and movies as a kid and the characters got locked out of their house or car I always found it so confusing lol, I've never had a door like that in my life
Tink agen fakr
I went in April of last year
No one hates us (no you don't Croatia!)
oh yeah, in formal settings especially i ditch my dialectal speech
Croatian and many other languages and countries don't make distinction between town and a city.
Anyone picking up boatloads of people off the coast of Libya is well past being in a position to lecture anyone about borders or migration of any kind.
This is probably the most foreign-sounding thing I read on this subreddit
Did it really translate like that to you?
) for 200 kn, which is like 25 eur so i did just that
At least according to it's inhabitants
Overpeiced and overcrowded for sure but it was city state that lasted for 500 years during ottoman invasion and still have preserved walls so not overrated
Jalta, jalta i pjesma Neka cijeli ovaj svijet, moraš znati za to
My favourite three letter names would be places like Sinj, which look like it's four letters, but isn't haha
Everyone kept telling me French people are rude and refuse to speak english
It's like a milder 4chan
Croatia experiences record 14,9% growth of industrial production
And Ireland just got the opt-out because of UK (they'll probably keep it).
It's a good break from the general reddit, which feels very USA-centered (obviously it would, they're the largest group here by far), feels almost like I found home on the internet again.
Link please
Fjords (again, which to choose)
I say Budapest with an "s" but I know it is supposed to be a "sh" sound
Kardashians
How come Norway has that many stars compared to Sweden and Denmark?
Tbh, salted earth will give you just as much crops as you would get with propperly applied herbicides.
Wir haben Lola Rennt und Die Welle in der Schule während Deutschklasse gesehen :P
What I meant is that, in case that the usage of guns would be so widespread it would cause an atmosphere of violence, I am pretty sure most of our countries would agree to ban/heavily restrict their usage
According to Alfred Hitchcock, the city of Zadar has the most beautiful sunset in the world
It is right next to Nowayr and Runssia.
I would agree with you it's generally not an insult, I wouldn't have an issue with it but the part that bothers me is always what they say around the "third world country" statement
Hey, I actually lived there for a year with my parents when I was little :)
Wait a sec, your flair isn't Croatia
How do you spell Schraube in your dialect
No but seriously, so the article mentions Trump and Thatcher as idols (to hear some Brits talk, Thatcher was a shade more popular than Satan himself), and talks about the...
So what do people from California have in common with someone from New York?
But the question always goes "why are EE/Balkans/whatever poorer than [insert rich place]", and blaming it on some huuuuge differences in cultural values is also nonsense IMO.
there are some creatures from Slavic mythology listed [here]
It's also know as the day to avoid some roads in Zagorje, as those Zagorci are prone to getting wasted and driving.
For anyone wondering, this is the spot
And you don't know what's going to happen there regarding their politics
000
Kurac, a u pizdu materinu,...
I've been to italy plenty of times, things dont change
Anyone would have been upset about it
In croatian officially it is kćer but kćerka is widely used
Considering Istria is more liberal and left wing then rest of the country it certainly makes sense for them to do that
We have the regular scouts (Izviđači), which I'm not really familiar with, and they seem like a much smaller organisation, and we have Catholic Scouts (Katolički Skauti)
I have the new ones, absolute shit, his best man made them
Balkans(well a part of it) is different at it wasn't a part of the soviet world, some people do wear sport clothes but nothing compared to Russia.
We're gonnae miss you
Fusce velit sapien, mollis vel euismod ac, pellentesque quis tellus
Here it's in 8th grade
Another Serbian nationalist **disguised** with EU flair.
It is pretty much done deal now after serbia is pulling its russian ties to rearm its army.
But Bugatti is quite a good car
He's a man of practicality
Slovenia: Singing and hanging with friends is a bus
Absence of nationalism and religion in public life, a secular republic and equality before the law
If, of course, EU manages to get its shit together enough to survive next decade.
EDIT: Answering your question: We are definitely more like the Swiss verision of scouts
You forgot about the croats
What does worldview has to do with credibility?
If you like seaside, you can get to Croatia by train and whole summer you have a lot of music festivals, most of them include camping.
Because the south always seemed more interesting and fun to me
There is a reason why the foreskin exists it isn't useless
**Italians**: usually very very loud
Actually, I advise people to look into the values more closely.
>Croats, Montenegrins, Albanians: do tourists sometimes use Italian names for your cities
He's still French for me
That map is as incorrect and baseless as their height map.
Not to mention that Poland's economy isn't growing at some astronomical rate that would make them the biggest economy in 30 years
Kinda shocked it's not what everyone has
Kinda
How the hell did albanians get there
Ugodan dan
No, I don't think I can accidentaly commit massive murder
Hey, I'm living under a rock here, I don't know what GDPR is, and the [wikipedia page] has an explanation, but I can't read all that dry text
I know quite a few people who travel there for work
So he left the EU 7 times to prove his point that Britain shouldn’t leave the EU
Ok, fair enough, but then why use the term when you consciously know it isn't right
Neki tvrde da se to ne može, ja vam tvrdim da se to može!
Those people aren't participating in the Croatian economy, aren't staffing its public institutions or trying to improve their country for the better through political action
So how is the height scaled
Awww Slovenia ️
Its the second one since, i'm guessing, he did it alphabetically but its wrong
For some reason "worrying results" sounds much worse than "bad results" to me
Easy to google for more pictures, its sad really
The tripe thing I can agree on
The idea of having the world's largest army is awesome, but the effect it could have on member states' independence is what I would be afraid of.
It's funny to me that you can even combine the suffixes for more names
Around 173,000 migrants arrived in Greece, well below the over 856,000 of 2015.
weird
[In memorium, I shall play this only once.]
Everyone I know loves shopping at Lidl, because they say it's cheaper and tastier than our Suprmarkets.
Can confirm am from Osijek
Well a lot of people other than Serbs don't know much about the Croatian nazi group called Ustaše(Ustashe) who were leading a puppet government in Croatia during WW2
Don't make me go nitpicking
She has the 3 same outfits just in different colors
There is always someone like this.
I don't want my kids to live through war and to have their lives taken away by events as horrible as war.
But first, [find me Fegelein] :)
A weak currency is great for China.
dunno man
i'm talking about croatia, not serbia
Yeah all those horns you hear in the Background - all turkish students...
Everyone is walking around with [these] allow them to easily bring their groceries even to the other ends of the city.
Can confirm this
What is it with right wingers and being anti-EU?
Serbian (with the exception of southern Serbian which has a completely opposite effect)
Well here the first grade is like you and about 25-30 classmates and then the eighth grade is like you and 13-18 classmates
smh
Has a pretty nicely preserved Amphitheater right in the city's center, and tons of relatively impressive Austro-Hungarian military architecture - it was the main Imperial and Royal naval base, and the surrounding system of defensive fortifications bears witness to that
What's the point of this question?
Chewing gum laws
It’s from a poem Opomena (“Warning”) by Antun Branko Šimić.
How did he taste
President Erdogan should just declare sultanate already and get this thing over with.
and the answer was Garmisch
That being saidy the entire iPhone vs Android thing is so childish and ridiculous
Weird, here "luftati" means to open the windows to improve the air quality inside
We'll leave that to you as you got more experience in that legal stuff regarding the rehabilitation process itself.
Pretty hilarious that Croatia can now veto shit in the EU.
Well, I'm a med student, not a pothead, so...
All the infrastructure was built during the communist era, so most buildings are just big cubes with people
They had a choice which one to pick, and they picked the Molotov one.
I just hope these people never experience serious damage
On the other side of the river, in Bosnia and Herzegovina lies the Bosanski Brod
The rich make more profit and pay less tax and then they buy more properties/shares
When I went to Vienna I met up with a friend there that took me to all the non-touristy places around the city and I had a great time but in the end I still had a craving for doing something cliche and touristy so I went to Cafe Sacher
Not a fan of her, but this is pathetic.
Their assholes will burn later
I hate the entire idea of "respecting veterans", but I didn't know that
You mean stuff similar to affirmative action in the US?
Taking a laptop with you in a plastic bag
Who gives wholsome award for this news
Monastery on an island in a lake on an island - Island of Mljet, Croatia
The pokemon tazos brought so much memory to me now, wow
b) [inventor and the home of the first quarantine]
It's horrible enough that we are losing one of architectural and history jewels of Europe right in front of our eyes
Wait, you were talking about literal cannibalism?
The lists of properties owned by all political figures have to be available to the public.
Technically, Tesla would belong under Austria-Hungary.
Same thing with girls
A month ago an EasyJet flight headed to Egypt had to land in Dubrovnik for the same reasons.
It is considered that you are an important and successful person if you can spend a large part of your daily work drinking coffee in a local pub that usually has a terrace because the point is to be seen
Basicly the same thing just we had 2 shifts cuz there were too many kids so it started at 08:00 and 14:00 sometimes ealier I had to take a bus there 25 km
The fucking state of it all when you think not getting executed in public is good enough
I met one of those, lives in Belgium but denies Russia/Soviets did anything wrong ever and shits on west.
Also, being exposed to another language(s) from a very early age makes it easier for me to understand languages which are not my native or English and thus easier to learn
Because our usual winter temperature is between 10 and -10°C
The PM said no, and live during session of the government all junior party ministers were removed from the session
Russia does provide Germany with gas
Serbs, on the other hand, went a step further and they spell everything, including names, like they pronounce them
Not just post-soviet and post-warsaw pact, its a thing across most of Ex-Yugoslavia
I feel like I would be one of the weirded out guys
No Switzerland don't destroy yourself
> you're labeled big evil bureaucrat European Union
they'll google you aplently when you win the EUROs again
It feel so incredibly limiting.
Breakfast, old bread and milk, and maybe wine
Nevertheless it is always good to improve.
I confronted my history teacher like "Yo what's this Prussia thing and what's their deal". We hadn't gotten to Prussia yet at that point,
Truly a magnificent name for a mine, worthy of its rich history.
I looked it up, can you link an example?
Of course the average wage, education, IQ and so on and so forth are very important.
Because in Sweden, the salary for a radiologist is probably as much as 3-5 times larger than in Croatia
[when someone mentions PewDiePie I remember this video]#t=01m31s)
Ulm wc when
Slovenia: you were really successful in the last 25 years and we should look up to you
If it really was protectionism that wouldn't be the case.
In reality, the Serbian "Progressive" Party is
I still remember in the 2009ish years when everyone was talking about all of us(from Cro to Macedonia) joining as a block in 2014-16.
Yes
And I'm asking honest to God question here because I am curious as hell
They never leave packages
[I cvrči, cvrči cvrčak na čvoru crne smrče]
Our society, no matter where you fall on political spectrum, almost universally does not accept wild immigration from the world.
Dubrovnik and the oldtown of Split (Diocletians palace)
) Cut salaries by 20% in that case, and that leaves people at worse position tgan now
While turbofolk is hillbilly music, it is step above this modern whatever things
True enough, but no one wins elections by promising to fix future problems.
Man I envy you guys you have a president that actually does the things he promised in the campaign, granted those that didnt vote for him must be pissed but for those that did it must be refreshing from a political stance.
Something like our kajkavian bednja accent
sat - clock, watch;
Yes
It's just a restaurant
It has to be a "dream house"
The south on the other hand, not so much
Not really in the whole country
Milijarda  - 1
Imagine if we named it Nikola Tesla just to piss off the Serbs
I can't claim to know for the rest of the south, but here it's just comfortable clothing that doesn't fall apart if you look at it wrong.
We write them like they are or we slavicize
Simplify everything and blame others for your mistakes.
Why did you pick those two
No they're actually quite significant changes over even 30 years.
Coca-cola, jeans, rock music, records from the west republished same day, TV shows, a possibility for travel, foreign goods, on the other side excellent health care, education, vacations in the state-owned or company-owned facilities, socializing and friendship
With access to all information in last 20 years, of course this changed
Probably the battle of Pakozd during 1848 in Hungary when the Croats went to Budapest(was Pest an Buda at the time) to stop the Hungarian revolution and save Austria from falling
I love our little bro, Slovenia
Most of the people I see here are at least skeptical of EU - no one denies that it has problems as it is now, though what exactly the problems are will differ.
Her quoting someone or something perhaps.
-312, are you serious
>Which is something they could have done much, much earlier
That's how it works in Croatian
Biontech (Germany) developed the vaccine and Pfizer conducted trials and mass production/distribution
I guess I understand why people don't like it from a language learner's perspective
Well
> First off, it’s super fucked up to believe that everyone that gets married needs to have “getting kids” as the end goal
I did some readings about that and the conclusion I made is that Croatia is about to enter the Schengen individually; without Bulgaria and Romania, because of interests of the European powerhouses like Germany, Italy, France etc
I just realised bon voyage in Croatian is "sretan put" which literally means "happy trail" o_O
So if someone is catholic, by your comment, he is not wirthy of even living
It's one thing to be spiritual and find meaning in it, it's a whole other story when you follow dogma, think biblical stories literally happened and try to legislate bible into law.
Regarding your people and cultural sites being in danger, i find that hard to believe
You didn't choose those things but they're still important.
Living in the UK, I see that being able to fluently speak another language is more of a win than anything else
In croatia ive never heard spanish used in this context
We say "kruh" anyway so no need for dialects here
It is impossible to precisely calculate exactly how much food is necessary and those who tried a top down system like that starved millions
Considering the wars that have made this area quite popular, I am also quite scared of army drafts as well lol
Thatcher in the Rye
>:D
Vienna was my home for quite some time
They look similar to  what we would call italian cards, but they all have the same design different from this
I have never paid to take a piss here in my life
Happy marriages all round
Again hot places like Dubai, India and such
Yeah we know the epicenter was in Zagreb
No, we have such diverse facial and hair features that you can see blond, redhead, brown, and black haired and complections fair and dark and between
Racism, sexism, ageism and all that good stuff is perfectly acceptable as long as you aim it at right *kind* of people
Wait, they are evacuating all those people on Christmas day?
ko se se mača laća la cucaracha
u forgot the pasta
That's because we don't care how we say it ;)
Why would that be embarrassing, XP is quality
klošar - the dictionary defines it as a homeless person, but I've never heard it used that way
Yeah but we have president Crolinda who obviously loves armies.
Russia is responsible for refugee crisis
Otherwise they’re unlocked during the day
*Stare at each other awkwardly*
But distinction is legal, not linguistic.
In my part of the country people are really tall, some of the tallest people in Europe, that is really obvious seeing most women are above 170 cmheight
We can give you any right winger you choose
Because other countries had a transition during peacetime and other countries had a transition from full communism to capitalism while Yugoslavia was more of a half-half version, allowing the corrupt scum far more leeway to steal everything.
You cram without understanding for high school finals (matura), sign up for some college that doesn't have a lot of math, or if it does, it's the bare-bones passing again.
You sneaky bastard
Branimir and Miroslav are two well-known names in Croatia
That's a nice way to protest it
You forgot [MTV Summerblast] in Poreč.
* is on my TBR list for a long time now
But the word Croatia comes from the french word for tie which is something like Croata and they called us that during the napoleonic wars when Croats would go into battle with ties around their necks, so you can probably call us Tieland instead of Croatia too
But it seems that it's Germany and co
We also gave you a place to film GoT, Star Wars, and many other movies and TV shows, the tie, torpedo, mechanical pencil, fingerprinting, rice chocolate, the Dalmatian and the Croatian shepherd
Duis quis risus a justo pretium vestibulum
And can't say those two languages sound the same
Daj kako se to zove na nasem
maybe even put the old, proposed [flag] there
Bist wohl auf r/de unterwegs Brudi.
Fish sausages would be invented by Slavonians in Dalmatia
Hahahaha so true
Goverement decides to buy a used plane from Israel
I like normal cut of meat over grill, or if minced it has to be lamb or veil in some sauce
Turns out one of them is Bosniak when he heard us speak
What are the needed reforms that this proposal addresses
Now I am almost 15 and my english is almost on the C-1 level but I still got new words to learn and I need experience and my mom teaches english and german in high school so that helped too
Pretty sure this one was made after independance
I am pretty emotional here too
I think you'll find this varies a lot from member state to member state
At the other hand everyone from bosnia kinda is generally speaking a bosnian but "bosnian" splits into bosnian croat, bosniak and bosnian serb
Hooray, finally a major country in the world that's not
once they leave the EU, following their politics would be just as ridiculous as following Chilean politics
Sadly, it seems that another war is being prepared in Middle East and the balkanization of Middle East shall continue.
It is situated on the Drava river in the east of Croatia near Hungary and Serbia between the Slavonia and Baranja regions of the Pannonian Basin
Said mirko as he watched Trump get elected.
However, I was corrected here recently for saying that we don't border Italy.
> Bow down
Thank you for helping when help was most needed ️
The principal cause of percieved rifts is that people are comparing them selves to others in different circumstances
[Museum of pre-historic Vučedol culture]
Basshunter
Same
atheism is the new norm
For instance, there is a tweet that says "Greetings from the capitol of Herzegovina"
A Marine official was quoted as saying that their leadership believed that the Marines did not understand the logo's significance.
There isn't really a specific pattern
I've worked in McDonalds for three months when I was in HS ( in Croatia ) and hygiene standards were extremely high
That's such a shortsighted view.
Lmao
The United states has gotten more secular since abortion was legalized but at the same time the pro-life movement has grown and more people are moving against abortion.
It's more generalization of "Balkan blob" and stereotypes that come with that
We are cheering for you as well
The famous musketeer D'artagnan died at the siege of Maastricht in 1673
The use of Indian crucible forging techniques being passed to Damascus and Saracen and then to invading crusaders
In Croatia one dude tried to be president and in his presentations he would openly say that he wants to rob people and other nations
to me it is not a big deal where I am, as long as I can have a decent life
How are those languages different
I don't know how they get in because I have retractable mosquito nets on my windows...
>I’m saying that it’s ingrained enough that it’s not a “new”
The prize REALLY IS the friends we made along the way
Dubrovnik
Debate most of the time is who was ustasha, partizan, domobran or chetnik
Schools here used to teach real life skills but not anymore unfortunately
Can't tell you how many times we had a fight when i got out the shower, entered the room to get dressed and i see the wide open window with -10 outside
Also waste menagment which is here absolute shite
What many people don't know is how many weapon systems from Europe are used by Americans.
Way to go
We also say our vows in front of our bishop
It just doesn't sound like the stuff we usually make
It does, but we all know what disaster that would be
To clarify I can tell if it's english, scottish, irish
[Us]
too casual
Android users saying iPhone users don't know anything about tech and then they say shit like this
Federal Europe is the only way forward.
Before ottomans catholics/croats were the majority but had their own kingdom and then the ottomans came.
That period basically saw last stand of traditional mostly home made clothes, since after the war manufactured clothes became not just widespread and accessible, but also sign of modernity and change towards urban dominated society.
I didn't mean both overlapped exactly
It wasn't a Belgian colony it was Leopold's personal property
Meh, joining alone was better, anyway.
It’s been mentioned as a considerable option by media and our defense minister last weeks
Athens doesn't ring a bell
Why is this surprising
And people can demand that the Sun should always shine.
Absolutely
>Football is comming home
Surely, there are guns used and are (semi)legal in countries like Croatia (where I am from), Switzerland etc but we agree on the context in which they are used
Don't know the details of how, but there are rivers there, so they set it up so that they first turned the sea to lake and than drain it
Nobody leaving lights for N. Ireland though
There are individual massacres where 500+ people were killed.
The only correct answer here
Some things that nobody wants to be the best at
You're not
You drowned people by shooting rubber bullets at them?
Lol if you just took a picture of any Croatian city (apart from those on the coast) from 2012 and 2020 you wouldn’t see any difference
For example: - Martinović, Vuletić, Josipović...
Very interesting to know
The government sets any condition it wants
Croatian "journalists" picked up this story and went full retard with it.
Oliver Dragojević-Trag u Beskraju, Cesarica
My first game was Diablo II where "overburdened" was used so I thought that's the only word for it
I see what you did there
He's just singing patriotic songs on our Victory Day, ur just jelly.
Yes, Croatia does issue ID cards which are compulsory after the age of 18, but it is possible to get them earlier
I think I have ridden the train in my country maybe five times in my life
Sounds like a slovenian thing because i've been ordering without onions since i can remember and nobody ever asked me this
Not so good
It also kind of depends how good do you know the person
so all anglophones are woman ?
Why don’t we use it
Israel claims that in the long run, those Jews who remain outside of Israel, remain at danger of potential repeat of history.
*After Mélissa and Julie were kidnapped in 1995, it took police 14 months to arrest Dutroux even though he had been a prime suspect from the start and had committed similar crimes before
Gemischt
Just like Paris with la defense, you should move out any modern highrises away from historic centre (we will ignore that black tower monstrosity in paris)
Even if they don't have it immediately you just call them up and order it, it takes them 3 days tops to get it, you can even specify denominations you want
My mom loves tripe
Usually run by the Catholic Church, they send young people for a week somewhere on the coast
No it was initially not known at all to the wider public what was happening
Croatia alone lost some 15k people in a year of war in 1991-1992.
So lower percentage would mean either generally older population (more likely) or generally younger population (unlikely)?
I hope someone takes justice in own hands when Breivik is free because the law is obviously on his side
Stay based Poland
France does not even have an active and armed ICBM arsenal while the UK only has 20-40.
I am sorry, Mr
You would not be a good parent if you didnt let your children watch the hood classics
Africa, on the other hand
can we like try with a different neighbour at least on imaginary maps for fucks sake
In 10-20 years it will be legalised everywhere in the world
They were shooting a new one last year, from what I've heard.
I love hanging out for hours and eating meza
or is the other one the "rival city"
Osijek is also a city I would like to put because near it ,a new highway is in the making,a new stadium is going to be built and a new campus for students is also there
The vast majority of the encryption the world uses from certificates to keys run through the US Government first, like TOR by the US Navy.
ogledalo - looker (mirror)
I go there every summer since my grandparents live on the southern coast of the island
[Električni Orgazam - Igra rokenrol cela Jugoslavija]
Tho the bosniaks are most likely to refer to themselves as bosnians
Croatians are mostly poor (compared to you) but live in a beautiful country with amazing, well-preserved nature
For a solid century the narrative was that it's technically possible to win while getting fewer votes, but it's not realistically possible.
I often feel like I'm getting weirder looks from the people of my age than the people who grew up in the 80s or so
That is very true unfortunately western people forget about the hardships Balkans went trough
WW2 is coming and when the time comes be weary of Ante Pavelic and his Ustase, they'll bring only bad things
They can download books for "free" from piratebay...
I'm impressed by the fact that the British people are willing to vote third party.
Basically the one where we separate ourselves from Yugoslavia
In English you use pronoun 'they' for gender neutrality.
[Mijat Tomić] fought against ottomans
So I would say we are Central-Southern Europe and Balkan
Multipolar world order is in the long run inevitable.
A gdje su bile prije granice
Everything else would be a pretty dumb choice.
Oh, happy birthday Ukraine
Ut facilisis ut velit at accumsan
Hungary looks like a balloon which was inflated inside of something.
- croatia
"Dž" is also spelled with multiple letters but seen as one and pronounced as one
So USA should also go deport all blacks to Africa?
we have "3 i po" (3 and a half, "po" shortened from pola, meaning half) and pola 3 meaning half 3
You rarely measure a country without its heart.
I'm truly sorry
It's a permanent state of picking a scab and yelling "See they are still hurting me
My dad incorporated for tax reasons while still basically being an employee and he gets to keep a bit more than he makes, but regrets the move
I live in Croatia, I'm so lucky I didn't have to experience it
Everyone: France u gud man
(Not sure about the whole of Europe, but in EU - AFAIK, yes.) Romania has much better reasons to protest, and while it's good from them that they're doing something against such corrupt proposals, the fact that their government wants to make itself immune to justice in such open ways - it doesn't look good.
I'm serious for the rest of Croatia
North Africa was conquered the same way the Balkans or Levant were
Can't but wonder if that's the case with that whole Brexit stuff, I mean it is a big thing, but people are mostly posting opinions and very rarely some hard data analyses from which you could see effects of Brexit.
F35 is expansive, but makes sense for them.
Oh it's super easy to find if you are Bosnian or Croatian
People look back to the past and not think about present or future
Yugoslavia at that time had a huge rock scene that still people today listen
Sorry, completety forgot about that...
Ah ok, so a rattlesnake is zmij but a black mamba is had
Mostly Serbia though
Worried myself that wouldn't be able to find anyone, because really wanted to see some examples on croatian
Nah we croats love you because our people are leaving our country to go live in yours (money)
My duty is to my own people, not heaps of people that lie about their age, their country of origin, harrras women, rape children in camps, rape and murder women in Europe, bring child brides into Western countries, protest food for being too bland...
And was matriarch
Ok Croatia and Serbia, calm down
I do not wan't to meddle with german elections, these are dangerous times and one could be accused of anything .
and so on and so on
Also, glina in Croatian litteraly means clay
I was thinking about something more systematic (i.e. maybe some kind of international taxes), not personal donations
jeez, that guy had really bad luck
Make your own mead
Sretan Božić i sretna Nova godina
Croatia became a kingdom in the 10th century and the crown switched between different dynasties with varying degrees of autonomy
And the irony of Erdogan, a crypto-fascist calling the Netherlands one of the most liberal countries on earth "Nazis" went past all the heads of his supporters
They are called "cases" in english
But if you have cancer or some serious condition, you will get care as soon as possible
Zagreb too, yesterday actually
Instead of Columbus Day, this is the dude Americans should have a Day after, far less controversy.
French influence in Balkans goes deep
I always thought it'd be much colder than here
Istriot, spoken by 400 people in southwestern Istria, mostly in Rovinj
Not specific enough :)
I don't know them, they're not my family...
Sanders and Trump are populists.
Where on Earth did I claim Dragi was absolutly right about anything?
as ex FR Yugoslavia country it indeed is politically.
However, if everyone doesn't suddenly get reasonable about these very, very emotionally charged topics, then it's a very difficult question
People are people everywhere, much more similar than different, so while you can generalize and say that for example UK is more "hard working and honest" than Croatia(?), I think that all those neat colonies, the natural resources, and the good geographical position makes 90% of the real difference.
But i just dont have the vocabulary to say more than a few phrases
French people are so badass, I'm sure you won't give up
I Ride my bike while I wat I don't see the problem if you're hungry just eat nobofy is gonna stop you
I would advise not going into the comment section.
So how the fk is NATO behind Russia 10-20 years if they have 5 times the budget?
I mean, same here
All 5 of them every year
Here it is basically free, only a small fee of around 40€ is paid at the beginning of the year if you pass all the subjects
You're not
I guess the infrastructure is really bad, because a few of my close friends have been run over by a car while crossing a road on a bike
why don't you all just stop living in the past
Neither is Croatia and Slovenia but here we are
Also it's closer to Magyòrszag so it makes more sense
There are also horribly corrupt leaders like the current Parlament in Romania or Orban in Hungary.
Us southern Croatians use the Italian deck 99% of the time to play Italian card games, such as the briscola (briškula) and tressette (trešete)
Croatia is seriously limited with the impossibility to plagiarize some foreign song and send it to Eurosong
We have a similar thing, we call toothpaste *kaladont* thanks to the monopoly of one austrian [toothpaste manufacturer] back in the day
I mean, the restaurants sell food
And with good reason - someone might point out that even the poorest European is rather well off compared to a person living in Africa in, for example, a former colony of a European power
Live stream on Periscope:
Western Europe
But isn't everyone but Ireland obliged to join eventually?
*Stare at each other awkwardly*
Nothin' = Niš
In Croatian in the "this" part the gender is visible
I woke up to my room violently shaking and everything falling down around me
Platforms that host content often take most of the commercial spoils while artists get little
While America **the country (USA)** and the territory it covers really didn't.
Yeah, leading power of EU with food stamps, you cant drive your car every second day, if youre not a part of the party you might as well not exist, etc
They are also huge Erdogan supporters ...
I love when I argue with republicans /Democrats on the Internet, trying to explain to them that Conservative /Liberal is not the only way to differ parties, and then they all go sWeEtIe, uR wRoNg, i hAvE fAcTs while theyre just a bunch of 16 year olds like go away and Learn that Europe isn't a country
They went on about Hillary for a long time after she became a political non-factor.
Only 3% of Turkey is in Europe.
But for real, the 2nd president of independent Croatia (Stjepan Mesić) also agreed to have presidential powers limited, and even argued for that move
Croatia
In Croatia the stereotypical [Czech tourist] is wearing sandals and white socks, but I guess it also applies to Poland and Slovakia.
I thought they were a part of the election just to get some votes...
Drinking coffee on a nearby terrace during work hours
The whole Florence is surreal
(Also referring to Russia/Russians as "Ivan", for some reason.) Is it a meme, or for real, or both?
Yes we are awful
A few years ago a "reverse" [monument] was made
A horrific disaster and needless loss of life.
Thanks man
Most people somehow became brainwashed to vote for them (or got a job through them), so they vote for these two constantly, that means there is absolutely no progress
And all of that was in Syria pre war?
until 1918
Nulla aliquam, ligula et finibus laoreet, nisi massa ultricies est, a elementum nibh justo in quam
[This song]
Milk depends
Even with all the people concealed carrying in the U.S.
I'm pretty jealous of all the Dutch guys who speak better than me, yet only learned German for half the time I have
Are you sure about that
I knew it was a matrix reference but didn't understand why, thanks for the explanation
There's one for my region, Slavonia/n
I think the conclusion here is that all Slavic langauhes are VERY similar
What differs from what I personaly considered:
Version of my surname with just -ev is common in Baltics/Poland/Belarus, while -ević is found only here
Actual meaning of your sentence translated into Croatian would be: Baba daruje hranu hrabrom ratniku
It was heavy infantry in a shield wall supported by heavy cavalry and yes, the Franks obliterated the Umayyad army.
Nah, just buy it
Very well put
I am not advocating left or right wing, and don't know why you think I am.
The food is fantastic (as well as everything I tried in Bulgaria), and you get the food very fast
Here it's considered a beer for kids
This and Twitter, maybe reddit is next
At least they hit the shelves soon enough so we could learn eventually!
The only places i drove to in the last year were serbia and bosnia and i wouldnt lose much if i skip it in favor of living on an island paradise
Imagine scrolling through reddit and you see your own house
Half of Croats were in partisans, half in Homeguard and some in Ustashe forces
-  -
The center of Karlovac is now somewhat forgotten and sad, with a lot of ruined buildings
*Thingies* - making geography complicated ever since that wave of communist divorces!
Also there are a lot of situation in which tourists were injured and they also received care immidately without big bills
They aren’t sanctioning France, they are calling for boycotts on French products
Serbi
Or france just for the fun of it and make europe an archipelago
I am giving you our football abilities
Area around Salzburg and the south of Austria is also very nice
Describe closest; it should probably be Bosnia, not so really
, where the Croato-Serbian coalition allied with Hungarians against Habsburgs
A hog with very little piglets in august
Erdogan is a brainlet and I don't want to fund his gouvernment
Since the languages may be similar but, the rules of writing are pretty different
Give me one good reason not to move from pathetic East to Germany.
just don't ask what it was grown in
Furthermore [Jean-michel Nicolier] is probably the most famous modern day Frenchman in here
McDonalds has standards that in my experience don't change from country to county and provides a consistent product that, while not as cheap elsewhere as it is in the US, is still decent and affordable
But there are in fact not one but TWO Macedonian flairs silly:
Oh, so as soon as Charlemagne arrived with his armies, you saw an opportunity, and you took it :)
I have my own rakija, prefered coffee is turkish style
Tillerson isn't buddy buddy with Putin.
You, afterwards, tried to prove me wrong by quoting my comment, in which I shared my own personal conclusion, which differs from what the media and that specific article say
You have no idea how badly EU treats the eastern Europe.
Zašto pisati "padeži" ako postoji engleska riječ za to ("cases"), te ako pišeš na engleskom, piši do kraja na engleskom
Do Italian tourists do
We take coffee brakes with friends for at least 3 hours and our work time is maybe one of the best in the world but I haven't checked(heard some rumors) . Quality of life is something that Croats like more than money
There is a lot more of a sense of union within the US and within Germany than there is within the EU.
Maltese representatives are elected proportionately and then they join the larger European parties in proportion.
Yay 3rd worst
They want to “save the planet” doing absolutely nothing and sacrificing nothing
That had to do more with the wish to destabilise the Ustashe state (split between German and Italian occupation zones), exert more influence and to gain help in fighting Tito's resistance
Serbs also go to Croatia for a vacation and Croats near the border go to Serbia to enjoy low prices and cheap shoes
Still can't decide
Smaller are put in the mailbox, but big ones are ither signed and delivered in person or, more often nowadays since deliveries increased by a lot, the post worker brings a slip saying your package is at local post office
Please do Croatia  cities I recomend our Split, Trogir, Zagreb
Refugee crysis , for what i've heard it's not as it was few years ago.
And why is there nothing about nuclear energy for croatia
THE END IS NEAR
I've visited it 4 or 5 times now and still can't get enough of it
This is why we can't have nice things.
If said by another ethnicity, the trigger can just as well be that you are a Croat
Always
[Full of magic - Advent in Zagreb]
Even the modernized variants have many old flawes.
Apparently the original one has meat in it, ours doesn't.
No, thank you, we're full
France is the only country in Europe with a totally independent nuclear deterrent.
I must admit I really like the two terms growing ever more intertwined
They are both croatian coat of arms and I do not associate either one of them with fascists
Yes, Winnetou was popular here, too.
Id say for me it gets more vicious than monopoly
Try cycling in the Mediterranean or Balkan cities
So in my opinion, having this mentallity that "Croatia sucks" and I will be better treated for my work and my time in "Germany, Denmark
Unless something major changed in the last decade, no
Just your classic Baba Roga (Grandma with horns ^sounds ^way ^better ^than ^horny ^grandma )
I love the fact that you can actually pinpoint the biggest mountain ranges in Europe just by look at this map.
He has no voice left
they can be seen in a beach bar, loudly talking and drinking
Up until two years ago, I couldn't even sleep at night naked because of how hot I'd been
After a quick search, I found that it's a matter od using large or small numbering scale
[Really makes you think
, which i have exactly 0 interest for
Yeah like the only ones that would earn you some weird looks are Muncimir, Svetoslav, and Gojislav
Then when restrictions get lifted the weather sicks
Look at you, mister "what I have to say is so important it has to be bolded in caps".
...and calm Bosnia (...and everything's solved)
Same goes for ST cars around Makismir venue in Zagreb
Since the languages may be similar but, the rules of writing are pretty different
They weren't born ISIS, they were made and experience shows, the first generation might try and play nice, but will also do everything to make sure their kids do not integrate.
You do understand that majority of the Croats were in partizans during WW2 and fought against Ustashe
So true
Yet still, the countries and the peoples went to war, and did terrible things to each other
Bruh why is this on r/europe lmao
D storm det vajps aut d patetik litl ting ju kol jur lajf
Funny how Greeks literally had the same statement
Hello there Latvian
I meant a disaster that was directly related to your people
The Croatian word for both kite and dragon is ''Zmaj''
Landgenoten
Got it "back"?
I definitely associate light green with Slovenia and wondered why you don't have it on your flag
She then called me wrong and I had to shut up
Briškula and Trešeta are the games
croatia then, now and future: [Its fine]
Serbs definitely have their own institute
Aenean in malesuada purus, ac tincidunt diam
Map men wisdom
Not by a long shot
Head, Shoulders, Knees and Toes
[Azra - Lijepe žene prolaze kroz grad ]
Yes, die
Presumed consent on organ donation if the patient is brain dead.
From the westernmost part of Zagreb to Bregana(Slovenia) it's 17,1km or 15 minutes according to [Google Maps] However, I live in the northern part of Zagreb and I need an extra 35 minutes to the westernmost parts.
Minister of defence angry, throws the toy from the reps hand and wants to fight but others stop him
I’m 25 years old and have never in my life seen it without it
Our journalism is sad
This is progress, btw
For years I've been pedantly correcting my friends and family members whenever they referred to Italians as *froggers*. I'd say something like "no man, Frenchies eat frog legs they're the froggers, Italians are *digimons*!"
Gladly
A while back I browsed some of the archived top posts on this sub, plus stuff that concerns my region.
[And the pollution is even going to Croatia...]
You're right
Isn't this right reserved for war refugees Syrians, and Iraqis not illegal "economic" migrants.
it's like the SJW, radical people are always louder.
Europe should be a world power, this the biggest union of people living in the first world conditions in the world.
It is completely overrun by tourists and has lost it's charm because every single local resident has moved out of the old houses just for airbnb/hostels
If what I'm told over the phone is serious enough to require me to leave the office, then I work those hours during the weekend to make up for the lost time
"Hoda ko da je svjet osvojio"
Yes, how do you feel about Dalmatia?
Why would you care about NATO members defence spending?
In effin Croatia was the most annoying part
It's just a coastline with cheap local prices
People generally, if they know where and for who you work, can assume how much you earn
What the fuck
I've never met anyone in my life who eats bread with pasta
Jok, nisam s obale
I don't think Croatia will do anything if EU say no.
It is like they weren't even trying.
It caused ripple effects across the world, and basically ushered in a new era
Well FWIW Atatürk's reforms are seen as a very positive example here, sort of like "well if *they* could do it, why can't we?" Unfortunately it looks like the more recent events are undoing all that...
Always
Mine
It's a specific grimase that Nigel and Camilla make, regardless of whether they're smiling or laughing.
I can see why it is seen as distasteful but there was no need to beat the guy
Game of Thrones: Season 6, Episode 10
I would change the name for Croatia because it is not even close to the Croatian name for Croatia which is Hrvatska but I don't know if people would easily pronounce Hrvatska so I would stay with the name Croatia
Natural selection could help us out if Charles and Trump combine their stupidity.
i'm talking about croatia, not serbia
I heard about mistaking your and you\`re but I didn't notice that at all in my English classes
My uncle lives in a top floor flat in a pretty old building near the center of Zagreb
It makes a difference between having 50-60% of your population wiped out and 99%.
I always think what part of british isles is that
It is not our neighboring country
Different locations, still an active situation more than an hour later
You shouldn't be able to pay in Euros, but you can and there are exchange offices everywhere you go.
Well if an Albanian enters a Serbian enclave ...
My absolute favourite is the flag Ban Jelačić took into battle
But chasing a hog with piglets
Not trying to count blood cells of other people but this is how I understand this topic after talking with some of my Istrian friends from university
Well I think that is a common knowledge, opportunism of large percentage of migrants that is.
+ Maybe you find a billionaire soul mate in the marina, perhaps Ivanka Trump is still there, or Bernie Ecclestone if you like older.
Swedes are weebs
A national one beacuse i am croatian, not european
Our glorious leaders can't even say "well at least we're better than Romania and Bulgaria"!
Blame Russia for it
The issue is that some studies measure only young men, while others measure older populations as well(who are shorter) and include them.
How do they make sure the asylum seeker isn't just some guy with German citizenship trying to scam some money?
You cannot stop the sheer numbers of them.
Thanks bud
I will remember Edinburgh like some dark fairytale place, beautiful but creepy in some weird way
In Croatian, shark is morski pas, literally sea dog
Just give them the same status as Bavaria and you good
It almost always caries negative connotations of primitivism/barbarism etc
Slovenc je tat :D
There are Christian in Iceland
Hell, it used Shermans, some other American WW2 TDs and T-34 even in 1991.
Just a month of being in my hometown on the coast made me feel a lot better both in mind and body
pretty silly if you think about it.
Reading this thread thinking me "what penis
I think a good joke anthem is hej brigade, maybe change up the lyrics a little
Naughty boy
But after three in the morning you can see, stuff
We don't need to be communists to get along with each other "druze" :D
Everybody saw what happened first two times, 3rd time would just be incredibly idiotic.
It always saddens me how Dubrovnik is known as "that Game of Thrones city" and not as the historically independent city-state which has:
Pretty much what I meant
Yeah, Guns are really easy to move through the balkans.
Modern day event is definitely the fall of Yugoslavia and our 4-year war(1991-1995) period against Serbs in Croatia and the JNA
- *(Ne) Briga me - I worry (not is implied)*
It would still be a really strong country, the only thing is would Swedes, Danes and Norwegians want to let go of their nationality and become Nordgermanians?
Why the hell would you want that ?
Why did they keep the debate format then
Sometimes we have two first names, but we don't use middle names and we don't consider the second first name a middle name
Well, they do have 3500 T-80s and 700ish T-90s, which is a lower number than the total number of M1's, but then again, Russian tank doctrine is quite different as well.
Neither of which is worthy of respect
Yes, having an office within neo-Ghotic Austria-Hungarian building from the start of the 20th century, very communist indeed
My new wallpaper
"Život je pun uspona i Padova je grad u Italiji
Yes they did
Hungary ️
Lol
Istria would be my answer
The "Marriage is the partnership of which to raise a family is the goal
But of course, in the daily use of the language you don't always use "this", so it's common sense
Would be sick ngl
I think I'm hearing vuk or am I just expecting the wolf because it's a story about sheep?
I remember that mine was crazily obsessed with Arpad Dynasty (We call them Arpadović lol), so much so that she would ask us in exams In which Croatian monastery did King Bella IV hid his royal treasures
︎milijarda (10^9 ) = billion
Nah
Just because they exist naturally it doesn’t mean that humans shouldn’t fight against them to advance their own interests
are there any sanctions for fellow nato member threatening other members ?
However, if I got offered a six figure salary job with decent benefits, I'd certainly consider it
It even ended as best of reddit [thread]
Also tri manje kvarat vs petanest do tri (3 minus quarter vs fifteen until 3)
KURAC
"Who understands women, can weld even wood", implying that women are impossible to understand
Mount Etna, one of the most active volcanoes in the world, began erupting for the first time this year towards the end of last month.
What if Iceland never existsted- map
Was the Sava named after him
The language was Dutch
Not in large numbers, no
+ They had a love-hate relationship with France for most of the history?
An extremely varied and beautiful landscape and culture with the Mediterranean, Central European, Eastern European and Middle Eastern influence
Why aren't you in Customs Union atleast
It's from Latin: Ad kalendas Graecas.
Same thing with girls
The war was practically over then, all that was left was to give the coup de grace
Those also tend to have the occasional "U" and random dicks around them.
It helped Serbia to gain more independence from ottomans and Croatia to get more independence from Hungary and Austria
"Rz" is like Croatian "Ž". Same thing
Germany has laws that protect you from mass immigration, she chooses what laws to follow and which to ignore, this is all on her.
“Our opponents, the media and the whole world will soon see as we begin to take further actions, that the powers of the president to protect our country are very substantial and will not be questioned.”
The ottoman army demanded they pass trough the Croat territory without conflict
These Brexit cartoons are very lame, unoriginal and generally low-quality
The decision is due in mid-2020
Except for the Scandinavian folk
It is tho, so exotic
Maybe, but in the video it looks like he did hear her.
Yugoslavia lost one million people to WW2.
Here right now it's 15C (no wind and humid albeit cloudy) and I have a t-shirt, a sweater and a jacket on
I don't know about the rest of the countries, and when it comes to Croatia, this is more my observations than some kind of organized statistics
Yeah, about that
Of all time, Janica Kostelić(skiing).
Like we spend all day laughing at all our neighbours and how much more advanced we are and then there's a pea size country right next to us beating EU averages in everything.
Croatian tradition says that Santa lives in a state or city treasury
Many of today's successful companies here were created during those times.
But that's awesome
I don't think sample is that big.
This whole attempt to go after legally owned Swiss guns just gives credence to right-wing claims that the EU is trying to disarm the continent so that the muslims can take over.
Really cool one is that a Croat was the last king of Hawaii
This is a government bailout
I was browsing immoscout few days ago for an apartment in my area/street and all I found was 670,000-700,000 euros for 62-67 sqm, wtf
>Salzburg: music probably (maybe some art and historians too
Terrorist insurgencies tend to happen when one state, lets say serbia, goes on an all out aggression on Kosovo, does an ethnical cleansing where 43% of population escapes Kosovo.
Since when is cursive faster to write
They also had a special concentration camp for children in Sisak
The vocabulary is quite similar, the grammar and the pronunciation are very different.
we heard the spring time is the best time
Or American, but then you’re gonna get both Serbs and Croatians on your ass
I have 7 litres batch with bread yeast
*Now I can't even insult sandNi$"ers without being called a racist!
But I am also amazed by US size and nature
Curabitur finibus justo quis risus fermentum elementum
From one side, you have the Croatian forces
(jk love you neighbours)
Slavic languages are also underrepresented as important languages
The underlying principles and actions of the Union is one of anti nationalism.
I dont know how to write them tho because i know nothing about estonian (eesti
The USSR was actually the last country to sign it, also USSR wanted to form anti-Hitler pact in the early 30s but western european countries refused that
no articles and if it did have some it woulde come naturally simple becuse its my native language i mean if you get good enough in english you stop worrying about articles and they start coming natrually
I know someone with "Anamarija" as their name (not sure how it's spelt though, together or apart), so i guess it could work
What's funny about that is that I am actually considerably richer than they are
The locksmith repeatedly said: "I'm not leaving before we turn the place upside down
Can you cool down a bit
How big is the sample though
Croatian conservatives are unanimously praising Tuđman, but most of them are divided on Pavelić.
Well what interests me about russia is not really russia but the republics
Whole Slavonia probably  (joke, but kind of not at the same time)
We'll consider it if you return trieste to slovenia
We understand each other (almost) perfectly
poland doesn't surprise me actually, given how you guys have been doing lately
It's presently used in many contexts, historically it was also a name for police.
Most first generation Latinos never learn English.
10HRK - ~1 liter of petrol/diesel, slice of pizza, some basic sandwich in local bakery
Treatment of the women giving birth is often despicable, avoiding c-section at all costs, often at the risk of mothers and baby's life is notorious.
Yes, yes, yes all Croats are ustashe and should be "exterminated" and blah blah blah.
It took me embarrasingly long time to figure out what the left underwear image is supposed to be
That hes a alt-righter that sees certain people as subhuman and pretends to care for victims of terrorists attacks but in reality is just using it to push his political views upon other people while absolutely not giving a damn thing?
Nope, we use German standards for autopsies.
If someone spitted in my soup I couldn't have given less of a fuck tbh
I may have a hangover but I always wake up to watch these every year.
friends and I are planing either Rome, Sicily (because I'm a huge fan of Andrea Camilleri) or Moscow-Sankt-Peterburg
In developed countries, they are looking for things to sell for the most part
We can change our constitution through a national referendum
Though, we needed to have slippers or any other form of footwear to wear during the day at achool and would leave our shoes in a shoe rack and hang our coats above them
No lockers
It was interesting to see what the sea is like (salty, mainly)
But if you are an owner of a company, and your workers now work one day less, it means your production dropped by more or less 20%. Do you really expect hourly wages to rise in order to keep monthly total the same with less work days
Once what was actually happening became widespread knowledge, the Congo was confiscated from Leopold
I keep reeding about these vespa executions where innocent get killed as well but you know better than me, for sure
Hmmm
[Some lesser known photos from Vukovar] (NSFW)
[It's better from the west, behind the co-cathedral] Or from the [fortress towards co-cathedral]
Swtizerland is not in Europe, TIL.
3AM was obviously during the summer
hey, croatians do that too
star - old;
Speak as you write language and all
Zagreb is completely different, for example
Finally some common sense on this subreddit
I'm not saying all people have this "balkan mentality" but there is a lot of people like that
I never met a person under the age of 60 that likes hladetina
The 3 of them also technically prevented millions of others from dying so
AFAIK (I don't live there) There's also some -eks in Zagorje (probably in Slovenia to IDK)
I don't personaly practice this but lots of people still practice the ancient balkan tradition of hating all of our neighboring countries
We don't have a late night comedy show, don't know who's going to make it for us :(
And the word you're looking for is "constrictors" i believe
And now, as his prize, he lives a better life than 80% of world population
Well according to articles I found online, it's mostly oportunism and lack of information, trusting fairy tails of instant problem solving if only you get to Germany.
Only the islands and some coastal ports though.
Smaller countries, Baltic states, seem cold and depressive to me
It's servus or serbus here in Zagreb, some people greet with it, usually older.
I rarely stumble on some regional content on the internet without seeing comments about the war, whose politicians are crazier, or who does Tesla belong to
Well, considering the only two member states were Austria and Hungary, yes, it was not that bad to them at all :)
My german is limited to basics like asking for directions, ordering food and having simple conversations and everytime I was in some shop or elsewhere I greeted cashiers/staff with hallo and one time some old lady looked at me like I've just murdered someone
They're following what they see as a popular trend that's giving (in their minds) good odds.
Easy for you with all that plain terrain
Hadn't we (Croatia) already fulfilled this condition of 20% when we entered EU in 2013?
I know some people here who weren't sure about buying golden rings out of fear of being robbed because of it, never seen a diamond ring irl.
Btw their reaction is *Oh i know that country its beautiful*
Muslims don't hate Turkey, and the last war with muslims("Turks") was like 150 years ago, at least for my country.
Ffs they didn't even bother installing fire sprinklers, if only the fire sprinklers were installed there was a huge change no one would die
And one little speech nobody understands - Bednjanski
Are we really going to have a pointless discussion - answer to moral question of abortion differs for every individual abortion, however I was convinced there is consensus that abortion is generally not something positive as well that there is consensus that banning it won't help and we should instead deal with it by education,good economic environment etc.
I want to say that this year's and the previous year's Summers have been by far not as hot as the ones up until 2 years ago
stilski obiljezena rijec, ne koristi se vise u govornom jeziku no jos je uvijek dio standardnog hrvatskog jezika
Definitely
Everyone is talking about climate but ignores the historical ascpect
Your countrymen also don't seem to share your opinion.
But if I had to specify a temperature at which I become really agitated, it's around 10
I was kinda expecting you would mention the coupe from a couple of years ago
And you're not even, if you count Croatia and Slovenia.
Kamen, škare papir goes: Pa-pir-Ška-re-Kamen in a rythm like : one-two one-two shoot, "kamen" being the word where you shoot
That seem like it would be on the high end for average wage, let alone minimum.
Same :)
But as for the country with which I've had the most fun
They differ in ideologies a bit; HDZ is more conservative and SDP more liberal
And when we look at the uglier side of it, most people are straight and even if they don't have anything against gays, they'd feel less motivated to help them because they're straight and they lose nothing.
They benefited from everyone around them taking strict measures
We also have [Matica hrvatska]
guess Austrians have influenced Slovenia A LOT
Donec sit amet laoreet sem
Years of bloody war or looking the other way.
Croatia
Any republican candidate, if elected, would lead the US closer to the Wild West, rather than the future.
Incredible
Zizek is a legend, fuck off
Awww
I like the way you can turn one word type into another and just mash words together to make a new one
I have a hard time separating South african from english or australian
Do you even sleep then
According to wikipedia, [it is much older]
how is this different they know this is just a testing
"Is that even a real place
What can you tell of two count(r)ies selected from this map?
rub - edge, brim;
Also, of course, this has a really bad impact on the economy
>Some old fashioned nickname was "Bundeshauptstadt ohne nennenswertes Nachtleben" (Federal capital without noteworthy night life)
Anyway, it doesn't have to be called Serbian or Croatian, or even Serbo-Croatian, it can be called Yugoslavian or Balkanic or something.
Also, she sounds English
All silver, all gold, all human lives
We killed some serbs in ww2 and they killed some croats in croatian homeland war 1991-95
This might be a far worse situation than even Ukraine, it won't just be a part that'll be occupied but the whole country will be possibly likely taken
if you play rock and the other plays sicors you win and get to punch the other one in the shoulder
Winning against the Ottomans 4 times and saving Europe cuz of that
My prediction is that they'll join only after Liberland and the Kingdom of Enclava.
If not, there isn't much the Bosniaks can do really.
>**The Zlatni Rat, often referred to as the Golden Cape or Golden Horn (translated from the local Chakavian dialect)**, is a spit of land located about 2 kilometres (1 mile) west from the harbour town of Bol on the southern coast of the Croatian island of Brač, in the region of Dalmatia
nein out of tanks disagree
There is The Fairy of Velebit, Fairy Kosjenka from Tales of Long Ago, the paintings of [Vlaho Bukovac] etc
” It sounds so much better in Croatian, I must say
That always interested me
im seeing a lot of germanic languages but for real tho, norwegian, 10/10
Where should I build my house
[Bajaga - Dvadeseti Vek]
And the jury are native Welshmen
I hope this is it and not a foreshock
With work, kids, cooking, cleaning and occasionally unwinding with games or Netflix (or just staring at the screen blankly)
"Dear Lord, it's metastasizing!
I didn't like it that much
Also "valda" instead of "valjda"!
Krapfen - krafna
True, true
Now do it again without the lens fuckery
I disagree, maybe people from regions of the country look somewhat different but I looked around this thread and most people from the other countries are very visibly NOT Croatian, and I live in Dalmatia and during the summer it's generally not that hard to tell apart natives and tourists, just by facial features alone
Really
inb4 /r/The_Donald now accidently help a left wing candidate
>Even Arkan didn't hate Croats as much (some sources even saying he helped Croats in the war)
It was like that for the entirety of my existence
so I'll take this
- *Boli me Briga - My worries hurt*
It's not like he says, yes I knew it all, I've seen concentration camps and mass murder, but explains he was at first a nobody and connections with the top nazis gave him high life, importance and amazing friendships with all kinds of people inside and outside of Germany.
So you're saying that it's so deeply ingrained with people that our identity is to be the synonym for everything bad and repulsive that there's not even a point in trying to change that
Austria then and austria now are 2 different countries tho
No, this way we teach the children from an early age that there is no victory in life, only misery
I think Montenegrins were relatively most numerous nation in the partisans.
Most Serbs came here during the Ottoman conquests and became border guards
It's not just about geography; it's about people, history, common experiences, way of life...
Well that's an easy way to run away from responsibility
On the other side, you have the YNA
Lake Bled, Slovenia
u=in
( Think sentence structure wise
Not anymore, we successfully brought them on the dark side, they are soon to be our allies and partners in NATO.
If you pronounced it with your gutteral sounds it would sound like a tumor coming out of your mouth
Those stereotypes are probably for all of Balkan’s
Exactly
I absolutely hated it
By definition, being first means you got a majority of the votes.
The most trustworthy is actually scrolling through my countries subreddit.
Tbf most of these countries have long-lasting and ongoing internal problems and the least of their worries is the diplomatic relation with a new far-away politically insignificant European country
The "checker board" has been Croatian coat of arms since the beginings
Absorb the evil and neutralize it with rakija.
I am at your service, Your Holiness, and stand ready to defend Christendom from enemies from without and within.
I'd take it
Hungary defends 'draconian' verdict over border riot
You should know of Pecs definitely , I'm no Hungarian but on the border there in Croatia
It really isn't. It's reported income, publically reported in fact
I know Wilhelm Tell from playing cards
Not many decades if West really opens the borders.
[but it's 1033 meters high] ಥ__ಥ
We live fine, let's not kid ourselves, IMO I don't have a lot to complain about day-to-day, but we will never be rich, at least not in time to enjoy it for long
I'll go woth Albania
Slovenia would probably be dark red or even black
"If you wish to end him rightly, hold your sword up on your arm.
That had to do more with the wish to destabilise the Ustashe state (split between German and Italian occupation zones), exert more influence and to gain help in fighting Tito's resistance
So we're gonna limit our progress just because we feels?
But good riddance, i say, it would be a country of normal people :D
I've never heard of anything that connects them
Can’t believe we almost let them into the EU
I never said I was for banning freaking stars, you illiterate troll.
Uhhhhhhh
pretty obviously should've never been separated from Serbia.
There isnt a natural desire for vaccinations, there's a desire to not die of a fucking disease though
Or to make special arrangements until everything is ready
There are multiple big bakery companies that are thankfully very cheap, but unfortunately their bread is equally shit
She has heels, too
We kinda copypasted it for Yugo's anthem, but we dont need to talk about that
He is not weak, just seriously damaged
This is true, but how much is KFOR to blame?
And as if English and it's 2 articles were not difficult enough, there comes German which puts them in different genders and cases.
Yeah but this would piss off the CCP so its better that way
It would've been such a nice and fitting name for it
Split, it's like Croatian Florida
dude, i know
Other than Zagreb maybe Bjelovar do
What Penkala invented was also the mechanical pen
It actually goes even deeper than that.
Nowhere have I ever read anything positive about Donald Trump.
We have that in Croatia
A 250 pound, 6 foot tall professional boxer has more of a right to self-defence than a man in a wheel chair, an average woman, etc.
And I doubt average person is able to consistently recognize difference in pronunciation between [ʋ] and [v].
Biased as hell but it is a nice one
Make buying tickets via app quick and easy
The Republic of Croatia is a unitary and indivisible democratic welfare state.
That makes even less sense, there is nothing but ideological conflicts in Europe with the western way of life vs muslim sharia way.
Many people were very critical towards his accusation.
Thanks for the explaination
I get all of them but that one
You can send SMS via PC, receive notifications, make and recieve calls, and more
Schools
You should've put a photo of the new [Kodiaq] it looks amazing.
That means that every federative rep needed to say yes
I just wanted to to point out how France is integral in Croatian nation building and nothing more
Unless you're from an another ex-Yugo country lol
We also have super specific names for family relations (some of which you had to learn in elementary school IIRC) but they are rarely used
It got so worse with Croatia its unimaginable.
Beaches 10% tops, but probably closer to 5%
Jokes aside, in croatian (we also say smrt) r can transform into a vowel when needed, just like the letter y in the english alphabet
Just go on r/croatia
Jesus was born around 5 AD
They adore their rich corporations and money-hoarding psychopaths
*I najdražeg gosta 3 dana dosta!* - Even if it's your favorite guest, 3 days of him is enough.
Aside from (unlabeled) pegs for coats in some classrooms, nothing in both primary and secondary education
I was just trying to find a genetic study of modern Macedonians, all that stuff about haplogroups etc (I don't even really know what it means, I just see geneticists using it a lot).
Or, in Djole's words "crveni pasos bez mane sto prolazi grane bez puno njakanja".
Nunc risus elit, rutrum a magna nec, egestas viverra justo
The time of the first Croatian independant teritorry was between 7th and 9th century, first with Duchy of Croatia, and then with Kingdom of Croatia from 925.
She was, plus her divorce settlement was a nightmare.
P R O G R E S S I V E
Sweden is still considered a country ?
Those are the basics, pretty much
Welcome to the age of idiots with no perspective.
You seem to be under impression that Yugoslavia was some kind of real and old country
"The budget will balance itself"
It is very interesting to hear these things from the perspective of a foreigner.
Plitvice lakes, Croatia
Well, I just answered that question in another thread, so I'll just paste it here
Sure, but very few people like waiting and if you would also obscure the amount of time they have to wait, that's torture
Whs is Croatia as one region
Saudi is a sunni state and their most sworn enemies are iran and shias.
"Basic school"
Canada, we all love you Canada, took 8 years to get a deal that's almost trivial compared to any deal the British would want.
And here we are
No matter how Euro does on international markets we keep it around 7.5.
We have a ton of places with three letters, though
We will continue to do zoom calls by July 30
The same senior and junior party already participated in collapse of their own government a year prior to it
green ones look like groups of people
I love it
Personally, i put it on the capital version and not on the lowercase
Croatia Speaking
Even though our foods are similar, bosnians always seem to make them taste so much better
Umm we have a stagnation of high nationalism for some time now, doesn't that count?
You can see the well called "Manduševac", which got it's name from the girl (Manda) in the story, and from where the legend started
This winter doesnt count
Call for companies and other people to not give interviews to them etc
A good tactic for not making the situation awkward when someone tell you they love you and you're not ready to reciprocate is to say: I love EU too
Other dark facts about Croatia are that eastern Croatia is literally dying slowly and noone is giving a shit
Ehm that's a different water-polo
In the end, she told me I, and I quote, "was not even in high school, so I had no right to pretend to be smarter than everyone and call anyone stupid".
It's the same rhythm as in the English "Rock, paper, scissors" whereas we show the gesture on the "pa" part of "papir".
This is a very rough estimate
As is with most countries in Europe, debts sre huge.
He later blamed the leader of SDP, then the Prime Minister, for his defeat(he was an unpopular Prime Minister).
Guess it‘s not just a rumor that we are close friends
Imagine all the EU street hookers who will survive because of the truckers locked in England
I mean, Franz Ferdinand is a prime example there as well - as long as he lived, the Empire would not go to war under any circumstances, period
I think he was referring to the dangers that come at the fool who wants to learn it.
Because other comment explained they dont want to lose big allies if they support Catalonia they lose spain
So you go like:one-two one-two one-two shoot, "mant" being the verse where we shoot
This map needs some methodology clarification.
Sometimes I forget how many russians you have
hey, croatians do that too
Europe would fall into a communist dictatorship likely lasting longer than in out world
&#x200B;
Since it is kinda poorer than the rest of the coutry it also gets a lot of simpathy and empathy by the rest of the country
Sure np
Oh my God, this game
America has been importing oil mostly from Canada/Saudi Arabia before becoming self dependent
same was with Pinkerton agency
Germans and French: "Thanks, we'll pass this time
I love it
Vast majority of USA seems rather boring
The meaning is basically the same as "party pooper"
This is utterly depressing and gross
Oh no no no no not again, pls no Austria in Hungary again
driving his VW van with a Nazi flag hanging out the window and pictures of **Mussolini**
Timeframe when those acts happened was 6 months tops before the start of full scale war, so they are practically inseparable from it.
And your mentor/PI is the person deciding that so you know from the start what you are putting yourself into
What if you're a younger son who married an only daughter, do you take your father in law's slava since nobody's there to inherit his
That being said, what we usually dont do is drive extra long distances to work, we usually prefer just to move closer
3 million) ($27 billion in 2017 vs  $21 billion in 2020), so I find that kind of funny
Aside from accents, it's not that hard to spell
>Waldemar Białecki's cancer treatment expenses would be mostly covered by insurance,
I'm just waiting for us to start using the write as you say rule XD
Stuff like Milorad and stojadin
The difference in price isn't really there though, it's the same (A kilo comes 41kn for German one in InterSpar and 47kn for Croatian one in Plodine, known for its sometimes expensive prices).
Those things have been done all over the world, so most modern Turks probably have their roots in central Asia.
It is not the other way around
Our doctors here are so underpaid that it's not even worth it to go to a medical university
So, the closes thing we got is you
Huh, so he just saw a class full of Muslims and had a moment of ethnic existentialism.
I don't think that many games have Croatian language as an option
It's nonsense used to make British people feel better.
Don't let the Russians hear that
The literally translation is: "Fucks to me""
Something is off lol
I was planning a weekend gateway, but why not an entire week away to Germany.
One Croatian company is among world leaders in making electrical transformers for example.
Nadam se da si sad među normalnijim, načitanijim ljudima
Facebook to begin warning users of fake news before German election
That's what happens when you have an old, preserved city which was once a powerful city-state
Yes, well, we mostly blame you for having the [most hilarious borders this side of Chile!] Getting to the coast from the North-East is so annoying, either have to drive though Bosnia or take the long way around :<
I first encountered Prussia in an Extra History series
just visit /r/Slovenia
Eggs always in the fridge
Is that just colorful language or do all those really mean damn (if so, why so many)
Now you know how we feel when Americans come here and tell how bad life is in Europe after refugees.
Now, Thompson is a very controversial ultra right winged singer (I personally completely disagree with his views), but this song and the album in particular have nothing contoversial whatsoever and focus more on the distant croatian past
similar in croatian
So my question was is zmij a viper or just a venomous snake
Does anything come out of it
So I got stopped by the driver several times for not saying hi and had to explain myself in my rudimentary french (and figure out why im being singled out in the first place)
Streets steep and small, currently half of the city is digged up I don't know how they got for European capital of Culture
RealLifeLore created video [The World's Strangest Borders Part 2: Spain] and explained everything.
They are part of greater dentists conspiracy :)
I don't believe he was ethnic Croat.
It's actually just a song reference
Napoleon in Croatia is viewed very positively, at least in Dalmatia
I hope the Slovenes send them a polite fu as a response.
You make a big fuss about nothing dude
Despite finally taking over the city, the YNA lost 1100 men and 3500 more were wounded, they also lost 3 planes and 110 tanks, nor to mention, so much time that they could have used to massively push forwards towards Zagreb, which was only 185 miles away and could have been reached easily, since the Croatian Army was just barely formed and wasn't ready for such an advance seige
Whole fucking building moving under my feet
I'm not sure what happened today, but he always disrupts the parliament.
Chilly - 0-13ish
Nothing special really
[Bit of culture] Choir singing of "U boj, u boj", arguably the most important national song of Croatia
(I stole that joke from a comedian)
Jur fakin ded kido
kurac is definitely an essential multitool in Croatia
Those who gave american awards can go colectielvy fuck themselves
Really ? How does Croatia show up ?
Edit: we don't need passoport in Europe when we have ID cards, but need them outside of Europe
I don't know how I missed it
That said, I always wanted to see Austria return to being a monarchy - republican Austria was always
Not everyone is a good person like i am
As far as I know, they do not cooperate that much
Emancipate yourselves and your mind from freedom, nobody can chain you up without your own assistance.
Of course you should know more about the topic than the rest of us
Here we have this and some koreans lesrning croatian for a play i mean what are they gonna do next
All the advanced civilizations of the Americas were in Central and South America, not north
people are fucking stupid
"You know very well that i'm a gentleman,
Croatia has a lot of it and the potential of even more renewable energy in Croatia is enormous
I would (and do) drink tap water pretty much anywhere in the country
Would be very difficult to do, to make it actually look good but i'd still love to see artist giving it a shot.
Not in the slightest
You need to know where you were in '91
Culture
to kill newts and have incandescent bulbs?
But if I had zero knowledge about a person speaking, I doubt that I would be able to tell if they are from Slovenia, Bulgaria, Bosnia...
You need to deal with all the government requirements, report everything, pay taxes, not just have your employer subtract them from your salary
Why is Croatia left out on most of the maps
The main stereotype (according to other former Yugoslav nations) is that they are a lazy bunch.
Some of our most recognizable inventions are: necktie, torpedo, pen, suspension bridges, dactyloscopy, electric speedometer
Gibonni if you want some good production
I live in Croatia, I'm so lucky I didn't have to experience it
Dubrovnik, tho, is way overcrowded
I was thinking of Slovenia and Montenegro, Bosnia is almost the same as Croatia by size and population..
If anything this march is doing the opposite
It's the most developed and least nationalistic region as a whole, their regional party rules in almost every county they run for office and left wing parties win more than 70% of votes in every elections
Bogomoljka in Croatian, with the same meaning
Thank you Ireland and Germany for the jobs
There's a difference between the two?
It isn't exactly strange but it was exotic so to say
There is even a cool video about the [topic]
Especially in hot weather
Nulla aliquam, ligula et finibus laoreet, nisi massa ultricies est, a elementum nibh justo in quam
Communism in Dalmatia was fun, have family get shot by italian fascists, and be forced to work alongside them, then have more friends and family shot by partisans because they worked alongside fascists.
I love hanging out for hours and eating meza
Croats and bosnians did very horrible stuff to serbs during the WW2.
They're pretty
If I were to guess the meaning purely going by Croatian meaning of the most similar words, it would be: Old woman gives/gifts food to knight bandit
When we went on school trips the parents had to pay
And the word you're looking for is "constrictors" i believe
Also it's not like the richer EU countries don't benefit from the brain drain from poorer ones, or easier trade, or an union that's politically and geographically bigger.
No, but EU citizens should perhaps be able to obtain citizenship in shorter time than citizens from other countries.
1.98€/h, that is if you're lucky enough to actually get payed.
Dubrovnik used to be a dominant trade and art republic before the Americas were discovered
0  ... how can you leave out some of  the most important countries ......
It's silly to me that she came to a protest flaunting her credentials though
We made it boys
I also like the tune of the Spanish one, I wish it had lyrics because I would love to sing to it
I'd say northern Croatian coast has way too many tourists for its capacity at normal years
Burn the babies
We seem to have the same Environmental "strategy"
Not even a dirty look
[+ Croatia, Austria and Romania.]
I love this one
Ik hoop dat het zal (did I say it right
Zagreb has a similar fate to Bremen
"(I'm) Selling noises and coloring clouds" used as an answer to "what are you doing ?" and it basically means "I'm doing a bit of everything"
My thought exactly
I know for instance that girls in Croatia don't wear a lot of make up, while in certain other countries that is not the case, but then again you can always find that one girl who looks up to a certain country (USA or other) for fashion influences and who will look like that
It's not that hard to find automatic translations such as "pasta s kozicama" which should be pasta with prawns" translated as "pasta with chickenpox" since name for that particular disease is "(vodene) kozice". There are a couple of other "usual" ones
The previous capital was Varaždin
Eh, acting like a glorified Euro condom against Ottomans doesn't exactly help development, especially when you're ruled from distant Budapest or Vienna (it's like the differences between capital cities and the periphery in modern countries, but this time the periphery isn't even the same nation).
Someone talks about unity, and equality.
Why poor
This simply can not be ignored
And holding white Persian cat in lap?
Are there any specific places where people congegrate
Take a look at it this way
We can make one tiny cup last for hours and hours
Ti su najgori, živi na drugoj strani planete, ali su najveći hrvati na svijetu, a najjadnije je to kaj im se hrvatstvo svodi na mržnju prema srbima.
I can confirm you can buy it in Croatia, but only in Müller stores
I recently looked at some stats and it turns out I'm in the top 1% of income in the country, yet the only thing I own is my 10 year old car(which I like, to be honest), and to get a nice apartment I'd have to get a huge loan at extortionate interest like 3
OP you're a lying piece of sh**t.
That always interested me
Marija is the most popular name in Croatia.
Human cancer
It's a lot like what Marseilles is to Paris, or Naples to Milan, the "Mediterranean counterpart". You can guess all the stereotypes just from that
Honestly baffled by these replies
Wow that's cheaper than a lot of places in Croatia
Fun fact: this plane is MiG 21 it’s still used by the Croatian and Romanian airforce, though they’re getting retired this year in Romania (replaced by F-16s) and in the next 2-3 years in Croatia (replaced by F-16s or Grippens)
Yeah, the infrastructure in Zagreb is really bad
• N je da nikad tužan nisi ti (U moru su sretni svi) - N is for never being sad (Everyone is happy in the sea)
Unless something major changed in the last decade, no
Their food isn't healthy, but it's safe
Black Death is a very mean name for refugees !
Cringe
The overall average iv'e seen regular folk earning is usually at around 500-600 euros a month back home, with the next tier being at 600-750
That's quite interesting
Brilliant
Croatia, as a second economy of the former Yugoslavia, is by most of the parametres today worse than Romania or Bulgaria
“Boli me briga” literally means “my concern/care hurts” and it is *only* used sarcastically to denote you really don’t care
You think non-yugos know how to pronounce š, č, ć, đ, ž, lj, nj, dž? C and j? I think this question should apply to languages that have too ambiguous rules or the rules simply don't work in practice as well as they're supposed to
what do half of these things even mean??
I know for instance that girls in Croatia don't wear a lot of make up, while in certain other countries that is not the case, but then again you can always find that one girl who looks up to a certain country (USA or other) for fashion influences and who will look like that
>*That few would take notice*
Russian was mandatory in Yugoslavia until 1948, where after it wasn't mandatory but was still one of the only secoond languages availible to learn in schools (until about the mid 60s)
I am human afterall
I liked Austro Hungarian empire myself, i think it was pretty cool
Buncha dumb fucks
Kajkavian dialect in Croatia is a nightmare to understand for me as someone from dalmatia
lolol about the dump wow
There isnt a huge difference between Dutch and Canadian culture
Osijek is a town with 100k people so it is fairly big on Croatian standards
The drive between the Ljubljana and northern croatian cities is around 2 hours, so not a long drive at all
Bijelo Dugme-Đurđevdan, Lipe Cvatu
We should loan them some money for that.
And when they confronted him he said:
Any of those meals with a side of onions and some fresh cheese and for drink, a shot of Rakia or couple of glasses of Wine
That's definitely an Android advantage, I really appreciate the freedom of choice
Just that he's ours in a sense that he was born and raised here.
Why is this so amusing to me
Such a peaceful town
I firmly believe that Russia invading any EU or NATO member is as stupid an idea as they come, but I too have absolutely no say in Russian policy.
Wow, crazy
Well all former yugoslav countries speak the same languages except slovenia and macedonia and no we dont mind at all we joke about other country words and its funny af
There are many other topics to cover apart from politics.
I think I have ridden the train in my country maybe five times in my life
I know a lot of people who don't like this dish, but I absolutely adore blood sausages (krvavice), especially with baked or mashed potatoes and sauerkraut
Huh, opening is easy, closing is a problem.
Prejudices and presumptiveness are just that
I remember it so well
nije me briga = i dont care (no sarcasm)
My city experienced, just recently, a strong earthquake and it damaged a lot of old town because some buildings(Edit: MANY buildings) are a couple hundred years old and they were not build with modern standards
but, on the other hand, the plan is to visit island next spring, we gonna go camping around your little island
I'm flat out telling you that if you let so much as one country have preference, you might as well give it to all of them because that will be the ultimate effect.
Yes, it's still used in cadastral database/land registry, but together with metric system.
You pronounce it bɔːrˈdoʊ so we's just spell it Bordo, no complications, no extra letters, nothing
Donec id nisi placerat ipsum scelerisque hendrerit
I will remember Edinburgh like some dark fairytale place, beautiful but creepy in some weird way
ogledalo - looker (mirror)
I'd say that that countries like CZ, SK, PL, DE and HUN are all more of a Central Europe.
Spot on
Yes, they did, first, they attacked Slovenia
>is Balkan
But I do feel violated and angry nonetheless
I called him and he said that he and his dog are fine, but his living room is full of debris, as the roof above it collapsed
Yeah, it is the biggest one that is split if I am not mistaken
- King Petar Krešimir IV
Though I do quite often take a dip in the sea to cool off
The thing is, our participation in EU is relatively short, and it needs to pass more than 20-30 years to make a serious historical oversight of it
- *Radi mi se - I feel like working*
I don't see him and other people capable for doing such crimes as persons
And honesly we like to explore more during the summer.
Bonus fact: Croatia is home to the Walls of Ston, 2nd largest preserved forticifation system, right after the Great wall of China
Followed by ski jumping from Garmisch-Partenkirchen.
Food and drinks
Croatia Marks 25th Anniversary of Fall of Vukovar
Because i am yet to see muslims be accused of hate crimes.
Few decades before Adam woke up in Eden.
the running joke in croatia is about czech people getting lost on a mountain in flip flops and/or at sea on an air mattress
It kinda fits, right
i don't know man, i'd rather pay more for a sturdy house so i don't have to worry about it
They haven't been testing 10,000 every day for long, just since the last few days
People think I am not normal if I don't eat bread
” - from a poem called Opomena (Warning), by Antun Branko Šimić
" is all a delusion
Croatian education differs a lot too, I finished technical school as Computer Technician and now starting tertiary education in the field of IT.
I went to highschool in northern partt of country where I was above average tall
I really have no opinion about Albanians, besides all those bunkers and Mercedeses.
Our manager is so poor in replacing retired players with new generation of kids
TL;DR: I don't know/it's complicated.
Like a very tasty thing
Dictators and Presidents like Freedom fighters and Terrorists are largely a matter of perspective.
During august we get hundreds of thousands of italians flocking here and, i'm really sorry italians, but it's hard for me to endure that 1 month
In  the background: "Okay, okay
In Croatian we call them 'knedle' but are predominantly made with plums
really interested if for "relashionship with Black person" would change if Carribean-black and African-black were different questions (atleast for the UK)
Ancient Rome influence
Well, the name of tbe country and one of the most popular names are enough for start - Hrvatska and Hrvoje
Konzum might be the worst place to be employed, especially for students
swear words
They are the world's largest country, yet dream of having warm seas
Elementary school is peanuts and nobody ever fails.
you just have to see in 20 years.
Golden cross around neck, fanny pack equipped, tracksuit, BMW/Mercedes, beats his wife, most likely from Imotski/Hercegovina, listens to extremely loud Cajke even though he is a die-hard nationalist while spraying swastikas everywhere
Just apply and have a great time.
I woke up from a weirdly related dream and I just saw everything wobble and fall over in my room, I hear my mom yelling my name, I immediately grabbed my phone and went down, (North Zagreb) it was pretty insane
Haven't played HoI in years ( ._.)
1 in the capital and in the other 3 big cities there are those small centres with furniture so when you order it doesn't have to come from Zagreb
Serbo-Croatian (oh boi why did I write it like that) is 100% phonetically written
Also, I'm sceptical about the Croatian ''Živi Zid'' party.
Isn't that hypocritical
Some schools have German as their first second language too especially in the central and northern part
Dalmatinska Zagora - people are very primitive there
They won't miss an oppertunity to fine you no matter what.
Europe is weird like that sometimes.
Yeah, like confirming your identity with mail with your name on or your bank card
I didn't say that everyone that gets married need to have kids, you made it up and are so blinded by your emotions that you've asserted it as something I've said, when I never did
Milijun      - 1
Thanks for pushing back Ottomans
They're in r/polandball, try searching there?
And also about Czechs acting like Czechs during the summer months, but those are more like statistics
I live on an island and there is nothing better than some bread with your spaghetti
I'm don't think it is about ethnicity, not that my German anything near passable, but it says "nationalität", which means citizenship, or not?
Russian sounds like it is being rewind backwards
Austrian as a national identity distinct from German was only born post WW2 when everyone wanted to distance themselves from Germany and it's Nazi reputation
Since USA will most likely be pulling out, we need a unified EU army.
We had very little - next to nothing - at the time, hell our *regular police* made up a significant part of the "army".
Ah yes golden grave and šuker
Imagine the ottomans shitting their pants when the polish came like gandalf over the hill with his rohirrim
POC migrated to Europe in various different environments and forms, ie as labour force in Yugoslavia during the Non-Alignment movement
I don't know a single person my age that still watches TV or goes to the theatre.
[Turns out there's only one
I can't remember the details at the moment but hungary, if I remember correctly, wanted Croatia to become hungary
It might be awesome but probably also a huge bump for Cardiovascular diseases in England.
Dividend stocks have shareholders that prefer steady returns over massive gains in share value
Must've been a serious amount of bot accounts up voting this
I always wondered how did vikings deal with this.
Supposedly their concentration camps were much worse than any Nazi German one(btw they were mostly for Serbs, Jews, Gypsies and  people who didn't support the regime)
The thousands of people currently stuck in southeast Europe, without a roof over their heads and freezing in subzero temperatures, are rarely worth more than a mention to the public in Berlin, Vienna or Stockholm."
Roman empire ( including later Byzantium ), we even had a few emperors from Croatia
o=about
During the battle, shells and rockets were fired into the town at a rate of up to 12,000 a day
i would really like to know the distinction between origin of the word snoyg and snig
For an inclusive, humane, empathic society we are trying to build
I never would’ve guessed that we would build a rivalry with England
I will never understand why the right wing in Germany does not simply switch to Imperial Germany for their nationalism.
U treba mi onaj Huawei p40, jel valja šta
What about Bremen
And whether partizans were good like they are represented or better yet is killing people a crime even if it's for a good cause and other stuff like that, no one is actually defending the nazis, no one sane at least, the debate is around partizan's and was their cause just based on what it brought to Croatia as a consequence along with their treatment of war prisoners
I am actually happy that Yugoslavia is back
I mean you can find that refugees crap in the news outlet here and there sure, but they are fooling no one any more, not really.
>Not sure if Malta or Dubrovnik
I have 7 litres batch with bread yeast
"thingy" (as some Dutch fellow called it), in the middle, if they go looking for more flags to burn.
I don't get why this version and many other maps put whole countries in the same region
Would be pretty stupid to have a union where a member is not recognized by other members of the union
It’s the capital, but all tourists go to the Croatian coast, so they don’t care about it because it’s in the interior
It should be the same for all EU countries
In Croatia the biggest "death camp" has killed less people during the whole war than the liberators killed civilians in the first 3 months of fascist free liberty.
I'm aware of that, I'm asking him as a Finn, to my knowledge they aren't part of NATO.
While other people will be dying from the apocalypse you will die as every Czech dies in Croatia - on a mountain in flip flops
A) you don't elect bureaucrats anywhere
We have Bosnians and Serbians who do it for us.
an idiot
Afaik, they haven't really changed their mind
*Rakije, rakije amo jer utjehe nema u vodi
I remember in 2008 being drunk in the middle of vienna and singing "osterreich, osterreich, alles ist vorbei" after we won that football game
But to be honest, media of every country in the world is also propaganda, for media is simply another tool of the elite.
They still obeyed orders given by men they disliked to walk in to a maelstrom of steel and explosives, knowing it was near certain death at the hand of an enemy they didn't particularly dislike.
The other one would consist of Netto and Penny and then you have Edeka, Rewe, Hit, Kaufland, V-Markt and Real with best offer
Gay couples cannot do that and thus they cannot have a marriage but a legal partnership requiring a new term, by my current logic
How on Earth did you not make meme reference to Asterix & Obelix out of the second picture
How big is the sample though
Yes we are awful
Resources on Earth are getting exhausted every day, and it's only a matter of time before some conflicts start, we can only hope we will find alternative solutions
Though, I don't know how true that is because as a medical student I kinda think your brain would need more oxygen to function than your muscles so if the CO made haemoglobin release less oxygen into your tissue the lack of oxygen would first make you pass out, then be unable to move.
Portugal is also my choice
That quote conection to facism is pure bs.
Nagel Eisen
I remember summers in Croatia with continuous weeks of over 36 every day
Fuck I don't want to jump to conclusions but this really gives me that same sick feeling from Paris those years ago
[Kojoti - Trese, lupa, udara]
Death by snö snö
For Croatia it would be the easternmost region, Slavonia
In Eastern Slavonia (a region in Croatia) people also like to travel for day trips to Novi Sad and Belgrade in Serbia
I tend to go by grams more often, but use deciliters for liquids.
Older word is mlat, which means "beat" (mlatiti = to beat)
It came to no surprise that most of the world celebrated Croatias victory but I was surrounded with shocked Englishmen saying "I don't understand why no one likes us"
Hahahaha oke I like how you added “In Serbia” so the teacher doesn’t notice you copied
Hopefully serbia qualifies, that will make the group even more interesting
Saakashvili says Ukraine can become a European superpower
Oliver Dragojević: Cesarica
I think Czech as well
Teva, already facing $500M-plus penalties for bribery, probes claims it paid off docs in Romania
Yes, tourism keeps our head above the water, but the country is de-industrialized and literally has no perspective
Trust me
Really ? How does Croatia show up ?
Tko se nije skrio magarac je bio - whoever didn't hide is a donkey
Those jokes are single-handedly being maintained by Željko Pervan.
Circled 3 times before realising Croatia is Horvatorszag.
Luckily I've seen neither
Those Poles and their crazy language :P
[eurospread style]
r/footbaww
TBH he quite often gets called out for that
Ironic of you to use that condescending tone
In Croatia we don't have our own word for colour
So yeah, you can keep your money - I'd rather have my countrymen here trying to build this country into a respectable place to live rather than spending their working lives enriching the German (or Irish, or whichever) economy
Personal and most cities
It's especially annoying during the hot summers ._.
I have never seen a different concept in a tram than this, what are they like in Slovenia?
That was so much fun
The people in western and southern Croatia feel the closeness better than the rest of us especially the istriots
People don’t use online delivery enough for packages to be stolen here
* Istra: they're kinda just doing their own thing and nobody seems to care about it
Their military industrial complex has been running hot non stop for 70 years.
Wasn't us southerners for sure, it's smrt here as well :D
They did not call themselves Serbs, but Bosnians, ever since the first documents they ever wrote(or rather, since the earliest surviving ones).
Read our Constitution
Which is why there was so much schadenfreude when we beat them in the WC
[insert meme]
Bit ce interesantno kad to stupi na snagu
In fact, we have two Slovakias.
She has heels, too
Reading more about Croatia here would be even more tiresome IMO.
Serbia is responsible for the biggest genocide done on european soil since WW2, has a chetnik president and prime minister and want's to join EU.
It was basically a bunch of misunderstandings paired with a very unconsidered terror attack which ended in one of the bloodiest conflicts the world has ever seen ...
Things that will not really be of any use if you travel to a foreign country.
Croatia - the only country in Europe (possibly in the world) with a goat and marten on coat of arms :D
Its christmas why the fuck do we need to talk about politics today
It was very bad
There are also contexts in which the word "domobran/domobranski" can be used to denote cowardice, though that's a bit rare
383 bikes stolen in 2015
Supermarkets had "now open 'til noon on saturday" banners, and pretty much nothing worked on sundays
As in, Srpska occasionally threatens to annex itself to Serbia.
I am in Dalmatia and I slept like a baby
One such example is "mucho" in Spanish and "much" in English, which derive from two completely different PIE sources
McDonald's is much more prevalent with its 36 restaurants countrywide
Totally the same
And much more through diplomacy because we don't know everything that happens behind closed doors.
Conspiracy time: He is paid by "the government" to cause trouble and cause rage in EU citizens.
And I’m sure it will stay one of the safest cities
Breakup of Czechoslovakia would not be so peaceful in this alternate universe
EDIT
Asking for
There is also the word "kladivec", mostly used in the Northern/central parts of Croatia
Wait how does it work exactly in Slovenian
Damnit
000
You see, Yugoslavian Federal Presidency aka Yugoslavian government (the state itself) had no real power anymore in 80s. Power was in federative rep
Paris proper just has a way narrower definition and only includes the city center
Our workers could work abroad for a better salary using that system, or simply going to work in West Europe
When someone like that gives you an advice which you didn't ask for and then when they found out you did it your way they act like you betrayed them
All of Europe has a bone to pick with all of Europe.
>Republika Hrvatska jedinstvena je i nedjeljiva demokratska i socijalna država
I will go "Nocturno" by Oliver Dragojevic, a really dear song to me, its really sad too
>There are two major countries in Europe that are transcontinental (Russia and Turkey) where special rules apply for the geographically Asian parts
Wait, isn't red bull from Thailand
If you opened the link I mentioned 3 beaches in Dubrovnik are literally on top and you can easily get there.
Well I'm gonna go here and only talk about standard Croatian accents not the dialects
The worst part is that we don't feel safe at home anymore, but we can't go out because of the corona
They're EU citizens living in the EU (for now hehe)
I cannot say, what my admitedly subjective opinion is that Crot women are really good looking
And by the time of 6 and 7th grade, 95% of students teach themselves printed letters becuase it's way quicker, more readable, prettier and more compact to write
It's not crazy, croatia truly is one of the most amazing countries in the world, regarding geography
[All rise for the national anthem]
Because of a small loaf of bread
Ja u kupe ti u špade
CNN headline from 3 hours ago says Clinton is projected to win the popular vote.
Bat ju kudnt, ju didnt, end nav jur pejin d prajs, ju gaddemn idiot
Perseauk
Technically the question should be "Možemo li dalje
We have our own version of Halloween in February and it's celebrated at carnivals like [this one] where people parade trough the streets dressed up as all kinds of things(animals, politicians,...).
Pretty nice
There are many many more instances of French influence going back to freaking Charlemagne but my post is getting pretty long so I got to draw a line somewhere
More than you'd think, actually
More importantly, dividends are how companies should be rewarding shareholders
The dot denotes that the result is a float (or a double), not an integer.
The very fact this is needed shows how utterly pathetic European countries are at assimilating newcomers.
Now after 5 years in the EU(i live in croatia) and seeing that EU has done nothing usefull for my country + the things i learned that they are doing,Its time to get rid off EU or reform so much that it shouldnt be even called EU anymore
This was the council meeting, so Merkel is currently presiding it, since Germany has EU presidency for 6 months
so many different cultures, languages, food, history, perspectives
I am gonna have to contact my spirit guides for this one.
What are good neighbors for
we and Serbia are ying and yang
But I was working in a regular supermarket and idk expecting me to know everything about everything that's being sold there is kinda dumb
Prepare for a thorough explanation that it's all German, Austrian, Croatian, Slovenian fault that Yugoslavia collapsed.
"): anytime when there was a European or World cup in football all the boys would collect stickers
Prices in restaurants and bars are fixed and are written in the menu, if anyone increased it it's easy to notice
This way we're dependant on the visual interpretation
>**The Zlatni Rat, often referred to as the Golden Cape or Golden Horn (translated from the local Chakavian dialect)**, is a spit of land located about 2 kilometres (1 mile) west from the harbour town of Bol on the southern coast of the Croatian island of Brač, in the region of Dalmatia
Is this harald the same dude as harald hadrada
Nobody is born a nationalist, a racist or a homophobe
Would that be a peninsula then
His half sister is blue eyed and ashen hair
Thats odd since we in Dalmatia havent felt anything
I think this where you can use the phrase ''stupid americans''
There are couple of small private firms operating there, our police station and firefighters have been transfered there from their old locations in packed city centre
Wherever you go in the Salzburg area it's absolutely amazing.
Croatian vs
(10 if you count Habsburg-Lorraine as a new dynasty, 11 if you count the kings of Yugoslavia and 12 if you count the illegitimate king of Nazi Croatia.)
Aww, warms my heart
Nunc risus elit, rutrum a magna nec, egestas viverra justo
Lately, however, the city has decided to repurpose it for several new uses instead of letting it rot
Donec sit amet laoreet sem
or shares the waters with us
Nisam ti ćaća da te vređam
That was half of my childhood
Me too
Oof
Torpedo as well
[Museum of pre-historic Vučedol culture]
I always find Greece, Bulgaria and us being on top of maps for all the wrong reasons
Even i, young man from Croatia kbow for event since i was 9
And a written explanation lol
Croatian vs
You invented it, other nations play it
We'd need more number crunching for this.
or borders the country that borders us
What kind of weird sword is that?
The dumbest thing croatians did was settle here in the 7th century because we should have fucking gone somewhere away from balkans
I mean "whom" has a proper function, its not interchangeable with "who"
We do as part of WW2
There was never any significant migration from Serbia to Bosnia.
Think about it, do you *really* wish that?
The "fun" stuff about inflection languages
It's a comedy, but it tackles LGBT issues in Serbia
Communism wasn't what prevented prosperity, it was our whole history combined.
Source: had war 2 decades ago, during election period even WWII is still The Topic, Homeland war will probably be for the next century or two, veteran organisations support corrupt and dubious politicians.
Nisam ni gledao clanak, samo mi je trebala referenca na sliku
My god that must have been a sight to behold
A sentimental reason but a reason nonetheless.
Also Cedevita, for all vitamin drinks (powder + water)
I meant that merely in the sense that Russia will most probably remain politically aggressive.
Dominium maris baltici when
i hanged more than few paintings with just a nail in a brick wall and if a painting is too heavy for that chances are it will be too heavy for the drywall as well so you'll have to use your dubel on both
You’re welcome
We get more tourists, though mind you our tourism was growing a lot even before EU, it's in dispute how much the slightly-less-hassle at the borders affected that.
A conservative goverment wouldn't be letting in migrants like that
I miss snow
I think legalisation would benefit out country greatly
Most tested chicken meat samples contained Salmonella.
It is not obligatory (but also not frowned upon) to greet upon entering the bus
Edit: I just remembered, we also have another way to imply something being far away and/or in the middle of nowhere, we'll say the place is "u pizdi materini", which means it's "in mother's cunt". XD
I wonder if someone sat you down and went through all the foiled terrorist attacks, actual terrorist attacks and crimes committed by your new arrivals you would change your mind.
I don't know if it's a requirement, but they are all meteorologists.
That is serious level money there
This debate has been going for a very long time and we're no closer to an answer
The Armenians were Christians(I think?
Regular check-ups are the one you have to wait for a little bit longer
Depends on the school but I had 6 years of history classes.
For example, germany is not one of those countries
If Corona lasts for a long time, things might get rough
For the victims who had to pay the highest price for Europe to one day hopefully achieve all that
+ that doesn't always help either - I've had a break in once
Edit: spelling
Not just post-soviet and post-warsaw pact, its a thing across most of Ex-Yugoslavia
* Zagorje: drunkards even by the countries standards (and we drink a lot)
That basically means that as long as the enemy doesn't nuke you, they're free to do whatever they want.
Every time the EU has attempted to solve these problems - be it the VAT on digital services or the currently-debated copyright directive - I, a person running a SME in the EU got screwed over with the regulation
there is no escaping the morons and mistreatment
True Serbia is winning in direct matches versus Croatia, Croatia is winning in the gold medal count.
Worked fine for the last couple of decades.
"Basic school"
Likes to be called little Vienna, but I'm not sure about that
Edit: some minor issues, formatting
It seems apperant now that the American political machine cares little about the man at it's head.
The stress of the word is also different than bolan as in bro.
Picture of Setagaya :
Despite the fact that our coast has so many sunshine hours we could supply power to several countries our size.
Hell, i don't understand a lot when i'm talking to croats from zagorje or even dalmatia
> Gibiltar
A nice round 0
Just yesterday we were passing by some old artillery fortifications carved in the rock, right next to the main port entrance, they look awesome
Nice and cozy in our big land of Europe
A myriad of different worldviews and biases, but very eye opening.
With national teams, there is no signing anybody, so you can't think like that.
Man, why can't we just get along with each other...
Yup, it looks like I am underpaid as well
I think it should've been 28/13 but they typed all numbers in the upper row so the system put 10 as a default down
Also some of them slept in the company as well due to overtime) and all the other little details
Yeah, i'll trust you
This comes off as a bit extreme to me to be honest.
Dude
There are a bunch of cool restaurants in zagreb centre
Because during the time the mass killings and atrocities were happening Congo was not a Belgian colony and the Belgian government had no control of it
Not so good
I'm from Sisak and there's many of them but the biggest is a ffortress called Old Town
Sometimes the Zagorski accent as well, which works better for a farmer/hillbilly type of character
Not just cigarettes but also weed here and there
Given that Prussia and the early German Reich was a Paternal monarchy, it wasn't even that hard to convince the Keiser that providing this was not only politically prudent but also his duty as the father of all Germans
And I don't think they'd be happy if you asked them to speak standard
As such, despite the horrors that the Vukovar region bore witness, also including the Ovčara massacre, it's also a point of pride for us
how do you use đ in a unique way
But to be more accurate and official, people sometimes add Njemačkog naroda (of the German Nation) *or* Njemačke narodnosti (of German nationality)
I see, thank you for showing me the different perspective.
Serbian -ović
-Ante Gotovina,general in Croatian Homeland war/War of the independence
Was there a high chance of a highly nationalist government rising in Germany
I mean i heard the joke a long time ago but not from a kebabist
Which is a stew made out of animal stomachs
Everyone is talking about climate but ignores the historical ascpect
Formet communist countries be like: I can't do it, I can't let go that sweet censoring
In Bosnia is even worse, with some 45 %. The difference, an important one, with the emigration in the times of Yugoslavia, is that today people go not to return
Every time I travel somewhere I stumble upon Croatians in most random situations
No, it is not cause of the cyrillic
Svaka čast, iako low effort
Any war against Russia will completely obliterate both sides
It means that the Ustachi used the checkerboard, nothing more, notice the U above it and the wavy symbol around it;
Zagreb is not that flat, so gear shifter and suspension are a must, and a lot of people also like going somewhere with their bikes on the weekends, like climb a mountain or go along the river on a gravel or dirt paths
Zrakoplov isn't the same as avion
Today, they pack their family with them and simply go
It's really bad
There are a bunch of cool restaurants in zagreb centre
The only actually big city in the country (sitting at around 750k population, with a metropolitan area reaching over 1,1 million), and generally the only place worth living in for the majority of professionals in any field
But why would you upvote information you know is invalid?
Do you just make it up along the way
And to be honest, I wouldn't hold it against you if you did block us, it's been almost a friggin decade for you guys (and only a few months for us)
Yay 3rd worst
Sincere apologies Slovenac :)
it's funny that this thread has turned mostly into "what americans thought about my country that was wrong" ://
if young then driving a golf 5 and listening to loud music
Its like getting a used car for free.
I think it's spelled together -or atleast, that's how the one I knows spells it
She's like a successful businesswoman, what else does a president need...
Everyone gets smaller or stays the same
Even pensioners can't raise it but how much the pension is low
And the more tragic thing that destroyed your country is your politicians.
And Croatia and Slovenia would be
I might be a bit biased but a shrunken version of the Balkans
Bigger countries, Poland
why does it look like dinarids mountain chain are the highest mountains, and Alps are barely noticable against all the other scattered mountains
The Trump administration has approached several members (including Germany) about bilateral trade agreements (all rejected).
I beg to differ
In Croatia, both willful homicide and manslaughter are called murder, only manslaughter is called "murder out of negligence" (ubojstvo iz nehaja) and is punishable from 6 months to 5 years in prison.
Altering pictures is a step too far.
Well, the Croatian language is full of Germanisms
We all drink like fucking maniacs
Maybe they just thought you can speak it
To ti i govorim
What about quality of life
I live in Germany and I'm having sooo much problems with German as I just moved in last year
We needed 5 years of war to leave this communist shithole.
Serbia definitely, we had a war with them in 1991 when we tried to become independent from Yugoslavia
He should be locked in a 3 m2 cell with a hole used as toilette and that's it
I speak both Czech and Croatian and I would say that figure isn't even 50% try watching Slovenian TV and you'll see that you don't understand nearly as much as you think you do.
Good to hear that's not a thing anymore
A bunch of people died, everything was censored, both the western world and the Russians were devils.
Ireland (great buncha lads)
The world calls it "Yugoslav wars", we call it "Patriotic War",l and "Independace War". Also we do not agree with the Serbs as they say they were the victims and were chased out of their homes, and we say they raised a rebellion, slaughter their neighbours and friends and cut off one part of the country from the rest and occupied it for 5 years
I am not saying that German victory was assured or certain.
Why don't you guys adopt an alphabet we (Croatians) have and the world will be at peace
I had everything planned to visit Milano last year in April but corona and shit and concert was of course post-poned
Heard my someone screaming my name and I didn't move until it was done
just in my family, we have blonds dark-hair, blue, green, hazel and brown eyes
wearing birknestocks since before they were cool (and one of the reasons i still refuse to wear anything similar to it, it reminds me of old germans)
because the local markets offer much better food.
I think we use "propuhati" for that use (propuh = promaja)
Not really, it's the ICTY who reports that data, no Croatia government agency was directly involved, in fact it even debunked a part of the data given by them.
just a checker board or red and white checkered fields would be nice
> our foreign minister only speaks one language, Serbian
I've spent time in Prague and Moravia(Uherske Hradiste) and visited Punkva caves and it was absolutely breathtaking and it all felt like home, therefore:
let's not forget wet hair even if it's 30 degrees outside
It might be
How is it possible that practically all Bruxelles visitors to Serbia repeat the same mantra of "Serbia being pillar of stability in the region" when practically every case of unstability in the region has got serbia spelled all over it in one form or the other.
I would go blind with all that whiteness, my eyes are extremely sensitive to light
I found it interesting his birth home is a museum today
Sed tristique nisl quis felis convallis mattis
Like what if I wanted to buy a jacket from Norway
I'm surprised nobody mentioned the guy who wanted to name his party Milan Bandić. He's funny as hell
Phasellus dignissim nunc ut lacinia placerat
By some I mean few thousand
We'll probably have to either build a YUGE wall and make Germany pay for it, or just NUKE them all.
Class aptent taciti sociosqu ad litora torquent per conubia nostra, per inceptos himenaeos
Culture and bontone are terms for you as well to look up
There were few reports and they were all conflicting
(I know internet/social media existed even back then, but it took some time to become as central to society)
Someones' personal view differs from what the media say
You sit down in a restaurant and comment with your friends about how you're holding in a monster fart, when the waiter asks you "what will you drink" in a perfect Herzegovinian dialect
... that had nothing to do with support
However, I can understand some words in Spanish and Italian because they are similar to English (some words even to Croatian).
Is slovenian really the least similar
There are not a lot of them, but they are pretty radical
Because of a couple of borders disputes.
But then again, it makes sense that you test less with less suspected infections
Choosing a city that never had a Serb majority instead of Knin.
I'm not saying her music is good though :D
Most of us are subscribed to r/pics, r/videos and similar, all of those subreddits are full of stupid halloween costumes, 9/11 posts, donald ~~duck~~ trump, etc
OOTL
You gotta stop and think about shit you're doing if even the germans were appalled by your actions
Also macedonian and bulgarian are also quite understandable for us
Worst city is probably Vukovar unfortunately, won't ever be the same
That's the whole beauty
Yeah there are a few optional classes but most are mandatory.
Croatia - our president went to the USA for New Year celebrations inan unofficial/official no-one-really-knows-why visit during wich she met with many people "some of wich do not wish to be named", and "helped in making foreign policy of the new government"
It was doomed to fail just like the Soviet Union
Istina, istina
That own a Dry Cleaner named Rabbit
As I understood it, the legend came to be because a lot of people would drown in the lake
We don't want it
There are rights established by various resolutions
Oh, I see
The only propaganda I see from time to time is when the Russian ambassador gives an interview for the newspapers telling that he is sad that Croatia doesn't like Russia, disappointed in us, and so on...
Also the Zagreb national theatre was inspired by the Osijek one
I've lived around the world, America is the only place where I've had someone actively try to start shit with me because I'm from a different country (usually gets worse when they find out I'm from a small country)
> Gibiltar
Denmark, Germany and the Netherlands Want to Build an Island Hub to Support 100GW of Offshore Wind
That joyful moment when you understand the meaning of words because you also speak a Slavic language.
Digitron is an electronics company that has become synonimous with Cauculators some people use  Digitron to mean Cauculator
You didn't choose your parents either but it's ok if you care more about your mother than about some unknown woman you just saw on the street.
Hey
I would be very reserved about Middle eastern Muslims, not because of religion but vastly different cultures
Dutch company was hired to remove a stranded ship in Croatia.
It is not our neighboring country
West slavic languages are definetly easier to read than to listen maybe as an exception for northern Croats
And so far almost every attack in Europe in 2016 has been linked to Islamists from the middle east, and sadly there were too many to count.
all in all, quite a few options to say I don't care without saying the exact words
Before this americanization, Croatia was culturally connected with the German-speaking part of Europe
Not sure about the etymology, though
At least by the experience we have in Croatia, because it’s not only the government or the parliament, it’s all the local governments, regions, cities, councils, all the public companies on all levels, there is corruption everywhere and it includes hundreds of thousands of ppl
Also, was Miroslav's wife called Margerita ?
Sweet, means my family will be forced to start using other shit to communicate online with me and i never have to use facebook ever again
april Anno Domini 1776 some serf known as Jakob Verček was carrrying water in a bucket around the city of Varaždin
Did you know that the face-masks a lot of people are wearing as the means of protecting themselves from the virus is actually meant to protect other people from your diseases, not you from the other people
I think it is far more wierd for Serbs to use Croatian words
Zoom at the holes at the middle part
Any normal, sane person speaking a normal, sane language would flip a table at that moment
The photos on the walls are from the previous generations that finished the same HS
These are for Luxembourg
I remember last year when earthquakes M6.1 and M6.7 hit the Italy, we felt them here as well.
there's a lot of those idiots there that are from Europe
Us southern Croatians use the Italian deck 99% of the time to play Italian card games, such as the briscola (briškula) and tressette (trešete)
I'm glad you like it
And it sucks
The Not-Free countries are purple here ._.
" scream our headlines and internet comments
I'm just saying tjat these days a lot of Croats find you as a really close nation
I guess Croatians would use the made up village name "Vukojebina" for that, which roughly translates to a place where wolves fuck
Today I can't properly work or study without a dalmatian klapa or a Croatian pop playlist blasting my ears with pure bliss
I'm more scared of ice-cold water, to be honest
Siege of Vukovar is a modern tale of 300 Spartans
It is one of the largest and most important publishers of books and magazines in Croatia
How Norway Is Building One of the World's Most Lethal Missiles (And It Could End Up on the F-35)
Earthquakes, virus, red water, meteors
Hungary wanted to control our lands from 1102
In Eastern Slavonia (a region in Croatia) people also like to travel for day trips to Novi Sad and Belgrade in Serbia
We do stand behind you
Pantheon, Rome
Yes
Calling rightist stupid, xenophobic, homophobic
all mediterranean countries with biggest uneployment rates
Croatia is one of the smallest countries in europe but still a guy speaking only chaikavian dialect would not understand a guy speaking kaikavian
> Croatian journalists who investigate corruption, organised crime or war crimes are often subjected to harassment campaigns
Well that's kinda weird, in my dream some guy or girl said (most probably guy) quote: "My least favorite part about it
Trebali bi se zvati kradu sve a ne HDZ
Serbia: you have pretty awesome food, and really nice architecture in the north
The one from the 1600s has first white, all of the medieval ones have first white
That fucker sided with Franks against Ljudevit, Duke of Pannonian Croatia, and I’m still salty about it
Even the most biased, optimistic strategists would give Croatians maybe a week, two weeks, as they were outnumbered 20 to 1 with barely any weaponry compared to the YNA
Are you saying that Croatia is Italy
We should just give up on Č/Ć and DŽ/Đ already, it's not for us.
But the math that I remember from high school, all the functions in particular, weren't much easier than that :1
Josip Broz Tito is badly viewed in Croatia and Serbia but the Bosnians think he was a good man the other ex yugoslav countries are neutral of him
And Dalmatia was in Austria's part of the Monarchy, not part of the Hungary.
I agree with that and that's all true, but the reason investing and real estate is so much more popular in the US is the tax deduction and very lax tax laws
Donec sit amet laoreet sem
Republic of Ragusa ceased to exist in 1808 after Napoleon joined it's administative territory with dalmatian
Do you support legalising starving a child until they're dead
I remember it was the sort of room you don't actually get access to, you can just see the skulls through the little window-like openings in the door, and it wasn't even a part of the official tour.
Not at all
Is that an oddity in European scouting (because judging by comments it is)
I mean
— but when you’re a conservative Republican they try — oh, do they do a number — that’s why I always start off: Went to Wharton, was a good student, went there, went there, did this, built a fortune — you know I have to give my like credentials all the time, because we’re a little disadvantaged — but you look at the nuclear deal, the thing that really bothers me — it would have been so easy, and it’s not as important as these lives are — nuclear is so powerful; my uncle explained that to me many, many years ago, the power and that was 35 years ago; he would explain the power of what’s going to happen and he was right, who would have thought
For an example: A Candle is spelled properly "SvIJEća", but people can make a mistake and spell it "SvJEća" - without the "i". To me personally that us EXTREMELY easy and I can hear the difference and have always spelled those words properly, but many do not
>Orbán claimed it for himself
#worthit
I will try to read it driven by sheer curiosity.
The roof and interior were mostly wood
med student here, it's called lymphangitis
How very refreshing and original.
No way could Croatia muster enough men to fight the main Ottoman army (which numbered at least 100 000 men at full strength, and likely much more)
We share a lot
^^^^^^We ^^^^^^totally ^^^^^^didn't ^^^^^^steal ^^^^^^that ^^^^^^from ^^^^^^our ^^^^^^neighbours
These are for Luxembourg
Because both of those premises can be easily disproved.
Well the first argument will probably be about the issue of other European countries experiencing a steady decline in crime, making the fluctuating part misleading and not exactly good news in comparison.
Walking on eggshells, trying to acknowledge the constant barrage of bullshit as anything other than utter nonsense didn't help before.
- Ante Pavelić (leader of the Nazi puppet state during WW2, probably the most infamous one)
You had a formidable navy back then with my home town as it's main port
The first Croatian dukes start appearing in the 9th century
I bet he can speak Bosnian and Croatian
Wilhelm II fought stupid war on two fronts but german army was one of the strongest in history.
Does that count ?
I mean, what kind of a question is that even
I dont know, usually its really easy to tell
Around 40% of people from London are white, and east London historically had cheaper housing because it was primarily working class, and that's where the immigrants were pouring in the most.
Dubrovnik: Game of Thrones
Honestly, the entire health system
A skylark - ševa - slang word for sex
If there is one thing I love about Russia it's their Metro.
I know that surgeons most of the times are not allowed to have a beard
When I say divide Spain is the only country where I can relate to that divide, it's almost like we are alternate universe, where far-right nationalists won in Spain, communist republicans won in Croatia/yugoslavia and every future aspect of politics will be shaped upon that divide
Those people were made dead by Serbs so it kinda fits.
The border is probably made on the old Hapsburg-Ottoman line
However, there is a higher pricer you pay for taking the train here
jelda
This German deck is used heavily in the northern and north-eastern parts of Croatia, in order to play "Bela".
1) I am not denying the export part at all, can you not read?
ZG80, Metastaze
Croatia is politically insignificant for those countries mentioned above, since we don't have any diplomatic relation, economic import/export deal or business, history or any contact whatsoever with each other
A is always pronounced the same, as in a in car, or (first) e in eye, I (without the y fadeout)
A guy who didn't like "John Wick"? I'd say you dodged a bullet there
You are wrong on all claims
E.g. You and me are talking right now and a Spanish speaking person replies to us entirely in Spanish with that being their idea of joining in on our (very much not Spanish) conversation
Adriatic sea(sorry Italy, it is more beautiful on our side)
Second picture is weather, state of atmosphere at certain point
Theres also footage of Albanians mining the railroad
Even if the system works perfectly (all attempts so far were unqualified failures) the guy with the nukes has no incentive not to at least try to overcome your system.
Most of Vukovar was ethnically cleansed of its non-Serb population and became part of the self-declared Republic of Serbian Krajina
It's like blaming the US over what Trump does in his private property in other countries
Gotta check it out
Recommend for a trip or a longer period
Supposedly we also have the same folk songs(same melodies and probably words) at least that is what my history teacher told us and generally our history is common so I completely understand Ukranian struggles
They have always been south Slavs, not just because of Yugoslavia
No, Prime minister has far more power then president in Croatia
With the bull the city was exempt from standard feudal practices and prospered as small center of merchants and craftsmen
But things changed
I dont know how to write them tho because i know nothing about estonian (eesti
The coalition government still represents the majority of German voters.
This just sums up how the most of americans does not know geography
Luckily for him he's dead so snowflakes cant persecute him for assaulting a non-white person like they tried to go after they guy who shouted at the terrorist from the balcony.
He is suing Norway for not treating him right
How much rice Portuguese people eat, compared to us Croatians
yeah, those statistics are wrong about Croatia
Why did you take the lowest number?
STAR labs
Except for Turkey
I guess they're just regional
The same thing happened before WW2(democracies crumbling not a pendemic) so the world may enter some conflicts soon but maybe not
Worse, they voted against a new voting system which would have prevented the Conservatives getting a majority in Parliament with barely 30% of the vote
I wish I was an American every day more and more
Realistically, it's not realistic.
That actually looks quite impressive borderwise.
Somehow I doubt this data, as a Croat
Edited: city corrected, Thanks u/usecereni_kupus
Tbh there is more, I would say communist songs might piss off the right wing quite easily, as much as some war-related songs (Cavoglave most notably) would trigger the left
Well I mostly play Hoi4 and never vanilla
I will slavic brother
Yes, tourism keeps our head above the water, but the country is de-industrialized and literally has no perspective
So they probably have less reason to be salty at Europe?
Got it "back"?
A good tactic for not making the situation awkward when someone tell you they love you and you're not ready to reciprocate is to say: I love EU too
My skin flares up when I drink it
From Croatian pow Split is considered full of trash and junkies, rude and uncivilised people, so its not rated at all :)
Was your great-grandpa a Croat
It's widely known that he killed many people.
> It's easy to hate on the EU but people tend to forget how much money flows into countries who contribute almost nothing
Same here, some of our weapons even ended in ISIS hands
He speaks like a chicken that is being strangled to death, he's been on many surgeries, he looks 15 years older than he is
Yes, I can tell apart North american accents from rest of the accents
Would rakija be considered a liquor, though
Now i feel croatian because i grew up here, bosnia is just another neighbouring country to me
It consists of masses, sports, lectures, etc
Better criminalize everything else
You can also just google 'UK to test 10,000 people per day'.
Nothin' = Niš
But did you drop your tendies
Croatian music may be old-fashioned
And historian
If some bigger task arose or you have to treat someone with respect for what they did for you, then the jolly boys switch to the restaurant with lamb or pork meat to seal their friendship
If tue, the UK will have bantered itself into YUKoslavia
"balkanization" would be a progress over there.
Some are more understandable, but in many cases it is almost a different language
Saying 200 milliliters of milk instead of 2 deci(litres) is awkward for me
Sobjeski from school
Here in Croatia we have a lot of snow in specific areas (the north and the mountains, mostly), but where I live (Istria in western Croatia) it snows maybe once a year
She also said blatantly false things, but I honestly just gave up on correcting her
Used to be common here in 80s/90s, started dissapearing afterwards, except the Niva, I still see those and I don't even live in a rural area
You wish to develop a mighty killer drone program?
Maybe [Klepetan and Malena]
> We are not and will never be at a point when "pornstar" is a normal occupation with no stigma attached
That's on top of them postponing badly needed reforms and generally running Russia in to the ground.
Haha Jbg eto sad znamo oboje da ima vise naziva za to
Your title is pure s*it, a Serb school teacher decided that Serbian kids won't take the gifts.
They went out to raid and pillage Turks, Venetians and basically whoever they could to survive
i mean, what the fuck, how can you be so close minded and brainwashed to say it wasnt after reading the testimonies and seeing all the evidence
000
Hearing about how every day new Croatian flag was put on that tower
I remember watching this a ton while growing up in Croatia
I’m from Istra
We are so full of it that you can't even see a "Croatia" sign.
Equality is not trampling on what holds significance and meaning to another person in order to accomodate yourself
> Germany and France are the biggest contributors
So, out of all the saints day, they add the one most linked with drinking celebrations.
Well fuck you lol -the crowd literally pushes you and our local tour guide was just hurrying us too
We even have songs written entirely in satrovacki
We adopted the Italian version with Italian names (Tristine version is the most popular here)
I wouldn't even give them the option of a test because they still might pass it
The fact this line splits Italy and France, bit puts entire Croatia in a single region is ridiculous
Kraljevica shipyard bankrupted a couple of years ago
"Sh-ch-y" I think
Hahaha, maybe it's correct in Serbian
Explanation of Croatian name for March:
[Front side]
They're an active population that adds to the British economy.
Like for example when we joined up.
No Croatia
when you order sirnica with meat...
In most EU countries the older generations are right wing here it's basically 50/50 with older and younger people
My sister’s nickname was Vrtirepka, thats the words play of ‘spinning tail’ cause she was always jumping around, running, spinning and early twerking :D
There is no way Hungarians and Croats are pretty much the exact same people as this graph shows
The problem here is that politicians need to choose between what's right for the country and what's right for them personally.
Its people are known by their extreme hospitality, great food and hardwork
Hahahahaha
Being known for just one tiny thing:
The perception was that they're less welcoming to foreigners...
Looks like a woman being thrown of a chair into the sea, and as she is falling she's praying
Aenean sed malesuada tortor
So lofi girl is a Barcelona fan
Everything is fine at this moment, but my mental state is not
Before I say anything I just wanna say that there's a reason why communism fell and capitalism is still standing.
It's dumb to talk about it as if it's some foreign thing that has nothing to do with you
What is the Netherlands one about
I remember one of my professors told me how a foreign company bought a prsut company in Dalmatia and relocated it to the north of Croatia to save money.
That's insane
What conditions lead to this outcome?
If I'm wrong, maybe Brexiteers aren't all that crazy after all
Signorina was actually lent into Croatian (in Dalmatia) with the same meaning and it's still used among older population just meaning Miss, younger woman, when refering to a stranger
Has leftist vision or the society proven to be overall bad for humanity as a whole so they are "discredited" by advocating this danger?
Yes
Priests come, bless your house, take whatever money you've placed on the table and leave until next year round
We are that good
Croatia is Center + Center-Right after recent elections.
It's still the best one of us though
the poorest of the bunch but by far the most generous
They would just brand the European nationalists as traitors
It is
She died of old age, 100 year old
I didn't know we had that
It is (or was until recently
Even if these values are accepted by majority of (Western) Europeans, they are still not the only ones and definitely not something permanent.
Fairly sure this guys thick boneheaded attitude is the only thing that could fix the relations of countries in the Balkans
Like BMT and pepsi from the tap
We didn't need the rest of the Sout Slavs to beat your  lot at the World Cup
This was from a long gone long age long ago.
I believe that I expressed myself a bit wrong
Those apartments were built for young families and were sold for 1000 eur/m2, apartments in normal new buildings in Zagreb usually cost 2-4k eur/m2 and they're located in better neighbourhoods and they are built way better
They never leave packages
Ffs
It is a bit hot sometimes but a week or two ago it was freezing cold with terrible whether
At least the Franz Josef Land should be annexed, too, even though that Arctic archipelago would also suck compared to those fancy French/British/Dutch islands in the Caribbean...
I'm not saying it is bad to have a lot of tourists, however, when you can't walk at all it becomes annoying
I think we use "propuhati" for that use (propuh = promaja)
No one helped Croatia or Slovenia and Bosnia wasn't helped much either.....
The mountainous regions
Istria: separatists
"verati" is an old word for "to climb" so I assume that's where the word comes from
Why did you pick those two
At the coronation of Elizabeth in 1953, the emir of Qatar had **actual slaves** brought there with him.
There is a small probability it was inspired by nazi SS, I can't tell right now.
But wait, don't a lot of the Greek problems come from the Euro?
These people of Croatian-Maori descent are referred to as Tarara, and Tarara Day is celebrated on March 15th
The first paragraph gives me great enjoyment
One in Zagreb
Nah, it's mostly the Czechs who do that kind of stuff here
Old Mama Murphy recipe for conquering world:
Danke Deutschland
I reckon 27 other EU countries agree to disagree
Edit: spelling
I didn't say that I need to bow down to "gay people", I said to "you people" meaning people such as yourself who are advocating their rights by throwing hate at anyone whose opinions and stances do not mirror your own
it's all about the balance, even Tito (Yugoslavian communist leader) knew it when in 1948 Yugoslavia broke all relations to Stalin and exited the iron curtain
Funny thing, *slovo* means letter in Croatian.
Currently reading it very interesting stuff great insight into his thoughts.
Only time I did was World Cup 2018
He was a local garrison commander but was secretly hiding a Jewish girl from the authorities
personally no, but i also have to admit i really haven't seen any powder vitamin drinks other than cedevita
You ought to visit Czech Republic buddy if you think food in serbia is the cheapest
Why do Croatia Montenegro and Greece and Spain stand out so much compare do rest of west and south Europe
Macedonia is also a good friend of ours
Target Al Jazeera
That's because she didn't do anything
In Croatia, at least where I live, it is seen as showing of
True but it really feels like whole west is against Russia, why?
I seriously cannot think of any way it could be a nuissance to anyone, it's easily understandable what's meant and there are no false friends that could cause confussion, it would just be left to personal choice.
Meh, the difference isn't as big as you'd think.
They're monsters
for me it stayed the same
[Still active according to police twitter
Ireland, great bunch of lads
I think that the short description would be more like "bad guys vs less-bad-*at-the-time*-guys".
Liechtenstein is pretty neutral with us along with Andorra, Monaco has some of our sportsmen living there and Liberland is a joke, it doesn't exist
We had a similar thing happen here in Croatia, was a shitshow.
The port on the mobile phones
Developed in what sense
In Croatian we call it “Sveto Rimsko Carstvo Njemačke Narodnosti” (Holy Roman Empire of German Nation)
I am Croatian, and a lot of people in the Balkans make even less.
Bratislava was nice when I visited
And grown men and women
Opatija:
How could have we sided with the Hungarians when there was an anti-Hungarian sentiment in Croatia?
No, all EU countries that are not part of the eurozone are obligated to join it, except Denmark and Sweden
Being defined by solely one thing would strike me as overly simple, and for me being European is a part of who I am
Its not essential lol
however, it works both ways, it would probably be hard for the enemy army to advance
I would call the first one even pretty
Croatia, Bosnia, Bulgaria, parts of Greece - Thrace, Attica, Peloponese and Agean weren't under their control
Tbh Yugoslavia isn't offensive, just looks weird with that Albanian dingle dangler
but if she was 12, that was definitely normal back then
Don't be so hard on yourself, you know much about what is in the end just one more mini-country.
Sometimes, but I do not really care
As of valley girls, I'm not sure how they exactly sound like, but I think you are correct
Our media usually spits and criticize the government almost every day
Everything being written in Cyrillic in rural central Croatia (Kordun)
I'm pretty confused right now
As chocolate lover who's tried a lot of it from around the world, I can freely say that it was quite good.
100HRK - starter, main meal and drink, or almost three BigMac meals
Same in Croatia
Hell
3) just awesome people in general
You two should move to saudi arabia, you'll like it there
Cant hear it where i am
He should be locked in a 3 m2 cell with a hole used as toilette and that's it
it looks like German but if a person writing had a stroke
kamen-škare-papir (rock-scissors-paper)
Love you all
So yeah, you can keep your money - I'd rather have my countrymen here trying to build this country into a respectable place to live rather than spending their working lives enriching the German (or Irish, or whichever) economy
If you leave doors open - Were you born on a boat
I got that part but what is a Christmas peace?
Unfortunately, our justice system itself is so corrupt that most of them were set free or sentenced to a few months of potato peeling (I shit you not) with free weekends - for billions of euros missing.
I never heard someone use the word "zračno", when prozračno could mean airy/breezy.
Add to that some rakija maybe and a slowly cooked stew/sauce like pasticada dish and you'd get the Croatia smell
We would like to take this opportunity to remind you of our [Official geographical policy] of /r/Europe
The biggest setback we had was the wars in the 90's. Even if we didn't want to be in a state together, we could have peacefully split apart
Good luck Austria
It can mean either, depending if it's said as a question or statement
There isnt a huge difference between Dutch and Canadian culture
Very loud and unpleasant minority
I'm from Eastern Europe and it's been a shit hole for a long as I remember (minus the ladies )
If anybody is interested in the comparison of live before and now
It is always been Serbia and Hungary
In Croatian it is the 5th that is different
There are shops that sell kebab pizza all over the EU
Nam ullamcorper tellus in risus aliquam, ac ullamcorper arcu lobortis
Rich my ass, I get around 1700 euros post-tax and I can't afford to buy real estate without taking a 20 year loan
I wouldnt say it was lost in 1917.
Sed interdum, lorem a efficitur convallis, dolor ipsum eleifend arcu, sodales dapibus lacus urna eu urna
However, if I got offered a six figure salary job with decent benefits, I'd certainly consider it
.. am i doing it right
Doe the capital has not one but a few sketchy parts.
I would say that a stubble is much more common to see than a full grown beard
There are often tunnels and remains of older buildings and foundations
Why do you even use a non-bank ATM, those are the "scam" ones
What kind of places were you at
There's a word or two that's the same but i'm pretty sure that 2 guys, one speaking only istrian while the other speaking kajkavian from zagorje wouldnt understand each other at all
If they were building it from scratch it would be 2-3 million plus the 5 on top, minus whatever it costs to put on the asphalt.
Pretty OK
OK, please elaborate how bad things that happened under the electoral collage are proof that there needs to be an electoral collage?
I feel like this is a decent sub for what you need, i'm not sure but i feel like i've encountered a couple of questions which werent connected to europe that much or at all
Not a lot of their products except for snacks which are very good imo
that's considered good luck
briga me = sarcastic "i care"
It is fine for a short summary
Oh, you haven't heard of whats-his-name, our lord and savior
One of my fav classical pieces, I still remember vividly my music professor in high school explaining different parts of the piece and how they represent different flows of the river or the events around it and being mind blown
One thing they all have in common is that they are sick of wars.
There is no respect they deserve at this point from me in any way or shape or form, only disgust.
He and his friends, mistresses and cousins have stolen godknows how much of our money and years of what would have been progress
Eastern Europe was less developed and poorer than Western Europe even before communism.
Yeah, in Dalmatia you can find peaceful places you can actually rest in, unlike places like Dubrovnik, Rovinj, Plitvice Lakes which are overcrowded with people, and imo, there should be regulations in Dubrovnik for Old Town entry (Stradun area) since it is so overcrowded you can barely walk there
After all you live on the other side of the world while i live in croatia
I'm going into the water
the maritime border of the European Union is about 66.000km long
Is "csoda" Slavic loanword, or did Hungarian word enter Slavic languages?
Tap water here is healthier than bottled.
Looks pretty neat if you ask me.
I am using mobile for a couple of days, so crosschecking is complicated a bit.
It was not done then, but it is being enforced now, and it is heavy, now most will not be doing kolinje this year and will have to resort to buying in stores the neccessary meat and etc
3/10
Champions league qualifiers and such, perhaps even national league starts in late July, google probably knows it (I'm on the mobile atm) .
There is a lot of vocabulary differences, We have three main groups of dialects and our linguist tried to incorporate some words from other dialects so standard Croatian has a lot of difficult/unknown words for Serbian speakers
Girls probably
I've read somewhere that only Croatian and Ukranian have that ikavian form of speech
Then we got into an even bigger country and continued to get fucked by the Austrians
Its funny because you're oversimplifying right now.
>And, heh, Turkey is not European
Hladna pička would be like a disinterested chick (acting cold)
could be worse I guess
Yeah that's hilarious
Lets not forget that time when one of the reps brought female thong and high heels as a gift to the government during the vote about the Istanbul convention
There is a lot of vocabulary differences, We have three main groups of dialects and our linguist tried to incorporate some words from other dialects so standard Croatian has a lot of difficult/unknown words for Serbian speakers
I was reading that there was some study that proves how finns from all over the country are more geneticly distants than let say german and russian
Here we see the elitism of the typical Western European
I have seen the East of the East and the West of the West and the Poles ruled all that I saw.
When she felt under the weather there was only one medicine, You guessed it, moonshine (rakija)
Here in Croatia its one of the better ones
The EU didn't do this tho
Kosovo je [ Insert country here please ] !
Everyone knows Iceland doesn't exist
I don't hate Serbs
Best part of our culture
Al dente is the best
I never knew my grandpa was calling me dog's vagina when I misbehaved
Serbs in Cro were just minority
To be honest, not all was great but as any time it had it's pros and cons and I find it silly to generalise
we dont have African or Asian descent people here though (very small percentage) and you will not see that kind diversity even in the capital
It doesn't matter that a poor, uneducated person in one country acts much the same as a poor uneducated person in another, simply because one country has more poor uneducated people it will be seen as a country with a culture of poverty and ignorance, reguardless of external factors that may have created the situation
Thank you, brother
Damn I can't imagine someone comes here from all the way up there
It is just the hymn to Croatian beauty and people's devotion to it which I think fits it just fine
It just basically boils down to what I think of as "how many dumb fetch-quests do I have to go through to run a firm?"
I think it’s common courtesy to at least greet in the local language
There is no such thing in America.
Here's a reason, at least for Croatia:
Džon mejd hiz vei tu e tevrn tru d dark forast, onli tu fajnd aut dat hi forgat d monij
And most of them dont deserve govt money, if they can survive on their own, good on them if not, that means that they make shit art and nobody wants them.
I must correct you: there are borders but they aren't trying to stop them
858 euros in Croatia, kinda doubt that somewhat
I commend you on your knowledge of internal Croatian and balkan policy in general sir.
Anyway, Croats didn't like to fight for the crown just so they be can returned to Hungarian rule (although pro-Hungarian Croatian nobility had their hands in it too)
In Croatian we have “špansko selo”, translated as Spanish village
It's almost as if they are a problem in Europe
I hold a great dislike toward my accent
As the defacto first country of Europe everyone is listening to everything you say.
I mean it was way worse ~10 years ago
because that happened
Shit
[What is with the British people smiling like that]
And I'll never forget Americans basically accusing me of lying about my language
Surogat (The substitute) is as far as I know the only croatian movie/ cartoon that won an Oscar
In Croatia from my perspective (I'm form Zagreb)
I'd be out before tentacle monster even gets a chance to realize I got in
Don’t worry you won’t come first
> I hope you’ll realise why this is wrong but I won’t hold my breath
Of course we have rather high value, every once in a while there is a horror story from the maternity wards in the newspapers.
It's no more just the poorly educated that are leaving.
This is European subreddit so we're talking about European languages.
But you can't really say "jednoobrazno".
You can taste pure sugar if you eat a lot of it (on the Croatian one) while the German one doesn't taste like pure sugar.
Next up, reduce the Council's power, and make it simply an upper house of the EU parliament, akin to the US system with Representatives (allocated broadly by population size) and Senators (allocated equally among all states)
There are numerous reasons why we speak a second language
Yes
This is due to HDZ's fame after winning the Independence War, and SDP's for Yugocentrics
I'm not asking about rights, but about the word.
She announced more government spending in military, even conscription.
I don't know
The other one being Montenegrins
All in all around 1800 volunteer lightly armed defenders against 30000+ attackers armed with everything from heavy artillery & battle tanks to attack helicopters and jet planes...
you assholes got halted for 3 months by a bunch of civilians and police officers armed by hunting rifles
Do you really use it in everyday speech
im seeing a lot of germanic languages but for real tho, norwegian, 10/10
Make Ely an island again
Those types of jokes get real pretty quick in this area of the map
How is he seen in modern Ukraine ?
I think child abuse is at least just as common in Muslim countries as it is in the West.
It's just a good anger language
If [Skok] is right, then both words (tuka/tukan and ćurka/ćuran) are of the same origin.
Saying that it's the same language deprives it of its own uniqueness and the effort that scholars of the Croatian language put into making it sound good and "rich". (As well as that of the other aforementioned languages)
I want to thank Austria for great architectural efforts during the monarchies
Depending which dialect you can probably learn Croatian proper but then you might come to the northwest Croatian mountains(Hrvatsko Zagorje) and hear a total different language that even Croats can't understand or you might go to Slavonia or Dalmatia and hear an absolutely different accent and new words which aren't used in Croatian proper so every part of Croatia is different especially the northwest, North(međimurje), northeast, Istria and of course eastern Lika, Kordun and eastern Slavonia where they speak Serbian
There is a german Orthodox saint!
The only possible location where they can increase the prices is the local markets but even they have their prices displayed
Where you come from
Also all these people are westerners and as such have a lot in common
Have you seen their supermarkets?
Croats said f\*ck it and attacked them in the open field
For example, the love affair with 1980s Yugoslav rock.
What you described is the foundation of my country so I'm gonna say no
I would say its about 30%. Its been declining, but i feel like quite a lot of young people of both sexes smoke nowadays while before it was mostly men
Oh, he's the guy that operated in Rijeka, right
it's not that we want it, we just don't want for you to exclusively get it.
Not underestimating others simply isn't in your DNA
Is there snow all year round or what
The only one that comes to mind is the french one and thats it
That's because you are big human
I have never heard this song in croatian as well
It was a prelude to WW2
Tbh peanutbutter and jelly is a fucking amazing combo
Ex-Yu countries, Ex-AH countries, rest of Balkan countries, Germany, Poland, Ireland
Your point leads to my comment, in which my i stated my own personal conclusion independent from the media
Agreed, seems like everyone came to see Ottomans burn and fall right away and aren't pleased with him fighting back at all.
[Well, yeah
otherwise, a lot of sarcasm, hyperbole, and dry delivery humor
Yeah, voat is known for their love of communism.
Yeah, I saw blood and thought a dog was dead under the rug and then I read the description and was horrified.
Venice set the standard as the richest and most powerful city in the Adriatic, even the towns which were never ruled by Venice copied Venetian architecture.
When we want to portray ourselves as backward, because it sounds similar to Afghanistan.
It will die out, but we'll have to wait a bit
The mediterranean was for a long time the center of trade in Europe, which among others means they had spices from all around the known world
But this is all mute since most people look at europe geographically instead of culturally
I've lived in 3 and I can tell you
The amount of the money we got (22 billion€) covers about 35% of our GDP, or 40% of our GDP for 2020 (if we consider that it will fall by 10%)
Long story short
Trump is an idiot
And together we can push for the change
Reminds me of [this] Russian masterpiece
Also, i have no idea how i still remember all of those
=>actually lose money because you paid $10k to smugglers and die
Where is the Isle of Woman
C'mon, how many Hungarians ever lived in any coastline tows of Croatia
The continent is swarming with radioactive monsters, but our country constantly sends someone to the continent
a) built one of the oldest European pharmacies and [orphanages] and 15
I get "corrected" for the writing on serbian sites all the time in order for them to find out later that it was just Croatian all along and we have a bit of a different grammar
The dutch also drained parts of East Anglia and Lincolnshire in the UK
What about immigrants from middle of africa?
Then innovation, I was thinking computer science which is again mostly sponsored by USA, same goes for NASA or even the more recent-ish SpaceX.
2 vowels more than needed
Living in Nigeria or Algeria is really not an option for them as they dont know the language or the culture.
Old edit:
Must've been a serious amount of bot accounts up voting this
Everything is fine at this moment, but my mental state is not
There was a girl by the name of Manda ( short for Magdalena, probably)
Are there any more odd rivalries like that
And obvious one
Even tho sometimes there are incredible deep dicsussions or argues online between Croatians and Serbs
Unfortunately some countries in the EU have no concept of border control whatsoever.
I'd rather have US-meddling that promotes stability than Russian divide and conquer tactics.
Was far more common 15-20+ years ago
to me it is not a big deal where I am, as long as I can have a decent life
I know that japanese does it
Raction is easy, the feeling of pain however, that's hard.
Honestly, it varies a lot from person to person
Whenever someone asks me what to do in Croatia (I live in Germany so it happens quite often), I tell them to just rent a boat and explore old towns, islands, inaccessible beaches etc
stressed by the demands of university life.
It's exceptionally easy and seamless
Also the Zagreb national theatre was inspired by the Osijek one
Even they knew Anatolia can't into Europe
Yes, Sandra threw further than the men's category winner.
Time didn't start 2017 years ago as well.
When I explain where Croatia is to someone who doesn’t know, I say we’re “the southernmost part of central Europe, you know where’s Italy
You only even find mentions of it as "Špansko selo" (Serbian) and never "Španjolsko selo" (Croatian)
Why the different colors
Well, you built roads, bridges and fountains in Dalmatia and you helped publish [the first newspaper in Croatian] (and Italian) which promoted our local language instead of trying to remove it (like other foreign rulers)
How come someone more dynamic hasn't come to the forefront?
Raping a child in the pool because of "sexual emergency" isn't a regular crime.
Those symbols look too swatsticka​-like
But this doesn't make them western Slavs
They see a crowded sidewalk and a empty bike lane so everyone just walks on them, not having to worry about other people.
never have I ever heard the verb ožujati
Well they were able to simply leave unarmed ...
They're 100% related, coming from the same word in Proto-Slavic [*ùtro]
We have incredible beaches, a crystal clear sea(lack of industry on the coast keeps it that way) and over a thousand islands.
You never know who might read it on the internet
I read he can't do that since the agreement states no country can back out for at least 3-4 years...
I mean it's been 25 years, both serbs and croats marry again among each other
(sorry)
sometimes I do
A while back when Croatian nationalism started, the government decided they wanna gain independence through uniting with other South Slavs.
I know well that Miloševič was acquitted by the ICTY, don't try to nitpick and change the argument, we were speaking of the data, the ICTY overruled his charges but not the death toll which the article reports correctly and for which the ICJ confirmed that although no genocide happened, it said that violation of human rights happened.
10HRK - ~1 liter of petrol/diesel, slice of pizza, some basic sandwich in local bakery
"In 1660 a regiment of Croats arrived in France — a part of their singular costume excited the greatest admiration, and was immediately and generally imitated; this was a tour de cou , made (for the private soldiers) of common lace, and of muslin or silk for the officers ; the ends were arranged en rosette , or ornamented with a button or tuft, which hung gracefully on the breast
jebe - (he/she is fucking) Ona jebe povrće/She's fucking vegetables
On the head of the main table there is a place reserved for the deceised, with a plate and a glass turned upside down to signify they are no longer there
You're not joking:
Norway wants to create a tunnel for ships to pass through
you can't even name cases like other nations standard (genitive, accusative, nominative, vocative, ect
- King Petar Svačić (the last Croatian king, killed in battle by the Hungarians)
It's same for us for yours Lajos Kossuth and Khuen Hedervary
Croatia will take him
Tiny, Magical Shops For Mice Are Popping Up In Sweden
The boat is useless if it has a huge hole on the bottom, not without a motor.
Nah hate here just isn't based on race its based on nationality or religion
U čačinim jajima
You think french is weird, danish is out there miles beyond
Up until two years ago, I couldn't even sleep at night naked because of how hot I'd been
Ethno nationalism
I knew that Slavic languages are intelligible to some extent, but never thought of understanding such a high percentage
I cant live without it
The Serbs limited the rights of the Albanians in Yugoslavia/Serbia and discriminated them on a large scale.
You know that shit hits the fan when people talk about buying gasmasks just like that.
I guess thats European humour
I'm not sure what exactly this map marks as being of Greek origin, but there were times round year 1000 when Normans served in Byzantine imperial guard, and not a few returned to Scandinavia after their service ended, that's probably how Greek influence got so far north.
[Us]
The actor who plays Bucky Barnes is Romanian, IIRC
Regarding slavonia, i'm not sure about the rest of croatia but istrians arent big fans od them
We do that too:
Ok, al to znaci da braca nece skupa slavit slavu kad su svi u svojim kucama, svak slavi svoju, ili
1€ is waaaay to much
yeah poland and others have NATO
If ISIS was really pulled their weight together, they could easily project terrorist attacks on such a scale, but alas, the lone cells are filled with incapable stooges.
Sometimes yes but sometimes we let them eat first then let them go play or the other way around we eat if they are playing and then they do
Siječanj, Veljača, Ožujak, Travanj, Svibanj, Lipanj, Srpanj, Kolovoz, Rujan, Listopad, Studeni, Prosinac
I guess sweden thinks they are being funny
"shall you get fucked by a block of ice" doesn't roll off the tongue that well
Yes, the Christian Democrats might have a plurality on their own, but that's not enough to form a government.
We don't use our own currency to make ourselves more competitive.
Tbh i have met a lot of italians and they rarely speak english
But the word Croatia comes from the french word for tie which is something like Croata and they called us that during the napoleonic wars when Croats would go into battle with ties around their necks, so you can probably call us Tieland instead of Croatia too
At least for the top and bottom left
My great-grandpa had a similar experience with his wife.
50 thousand bikes get stolen every year in Amsterdam alone
I think it would be much better to name it after one of our many scientists like Faust Vrančić. Anyways I agree with you that the current name sucks
First of all the mediterranean had the most developed societies in Europe till the late middle ages
We didn't need the rest of the Sout Slavs to beat your  lot at the World Cup
The official border also did not include the coast as it was one country then so most of the issues are related to coastline and river borders and not as much with land borders.
The last one is chakavian and only spoken in Istria, islands and some of continental Croatia
- *Trči mi se - I feel like running
- I never considered Estonia, Latvia & Lithuania central European, they were alway some weird eastern/northern mix to me
Otherwise we are quite similar and don't really start fights or something like that
Croatia is not large, but it's bigger than Slovenia.
We use mostly Italian and German ones
I present to you [the new flag of Croatia] I hope you don't mind..
The variation ZA DOM was used in the opera, true ZA DOM SPREMNI wasnt used but the short variation was as I explained in the previous text
It's not where near the horror shows of these cities here
Hahah But students aren't immune to it
Realistically looking, Islamic State will be dealt with in Syria and Iraq.
They aren't really annoying they just speak but Herzegovian Croatian is fucked up, they talk very annoyingly, somehow speaking very fast but still lengthening words and putting accents in the front and then when speaking poundering the first part of the word with the accents (krAva-standard, krAAAva-Herzegovian alsonthe word means cow)
Shot 'em if we could catch 'em
Go home and die peacefully and know that we’ll just use the money that we’re saving by not treating you on someone younger with another disease
I know Croatian, Bosnian, Serbian and English.
I wouldn't call us overrated, but still
Zagreb is completely different, for example
My lunch break was theirs as well, and when my working hours ended so did theirs
I kind of hate this line, but you must be fun at parties.
As far as I can see, Trst is in our hands so I am satisfied
:-(
Guy on the podium: "Can we proceed
Hearing that from a spanish person is indeed high praise :)
a=but(not exactly, but really close)
I know, I went skiing lots of times and never knew.
Man, you can ask me anything, go ahead
I automatically avoid the croatian wikipedia or "wikipedija"
Zagreb pronunciation is definitely not "perfect standard" Croatian
Well I will celebrate as well better be shitty but independent than under EU boots
10+ year old song, but it's still so so pleasing
Silly Turks dont know that god is a Serb
So videos like this are worth the watch if you ask me.
The shittier your country is, the more shadow economy you have.
I don't cut my wood but my relatives do it for me and money
It started way before it, it hit us hard and we still didn't get out of it.
My number 1 priority is stopping global warming
We should be asking our leaders why we're not doing women and children and families with children first.
There is a HUGE amount of Croats that will never spit on on their ancestors who wore checkerboards on their shoulders.
No beaches for you guys this summer!
Subscribe me up
Not to mention all the cheap cola + orange versions in Lidl, Aldi etc
Hungary- this would be silly
” It sounds so much better in Croatian, I must say
[vyeveritza]
You are really good at it too
who have the last word about that
[Presidential election 2015-14] the incumbent president failed to win a second term and was defeated by only 32.509 votes.
* Zagreb: snobs who think they are better than everyone else
Apparently it's Serbia
Also tho I like our tricolour maybe just the chequered field like in the Kingdom of Croatia or something similar to the one used in Austria-Hungary but I wouldn't mind staying it this way just a longer flag is what I want
Apparently that's one of the big problems for the Burgenland Croat community, as it's the only one, while Slovenes have two despite there being less of them
I find the migrant crisis to be one of the worst things that has happened to Europe
Now imagine that nobody cares, because these aren't rich people cars, they're just cars and the owner of the Porsche doesn't feel like driving so they decide to take their bike or even the tram to work
[More Polandball because why not]
We hold the world record for the biggest popcorn and tge biggest neck tie
But playing the blame game with knowing very little facts is just going to deepen the hate and division
The only issue in this whole relationship is the Slovenia itself
Reddit is so quick and easy to jump to conclussions
if you see someone who looks like he took a wrong turn from giro d'italia it's probably a slovene, either with a car with 5 bikes on it or on a bike in full race gear
People increase the prices if they hear you're a tourist
My friends and I don't like it
[Kerber - Hajde da se volimo ]
Our schools are nothing to write home about, and IIRC it shows in the PISA science/math tests for our 15 year olds - if it was based on that, we'd be lower than we are on this map.
experienced nuclear fusion
Yeah, it is the biggest one that is split if I am not mistaken
the good ones are already there
Also the coastline isn't the only part of Croatia if you want better food and wine Slavonia is the way to go
There are subjects that explain that in high school, but they are interested only in the economical or political sides of it, they mostly don't bring full context to it
Hes just regular cringy anti westerner here, dont bother.
Croatia looks awesome
There were stories about the ss officers visiting croatia and writing back home how cruel ustasas are
Macedonian is like 90% intelligible for me
easy to read once you know the alfabet, however verb aspects and cases will make you wish you weren't born
We'll find out what happened eventually
In Croatia we call you "Češka". So, female form of the word
''Ancient'' walls of Dubrovnik are from the 14th century lol
UK, well London specifically, it was okay but very underwhelming, especially compared to other European capitals
This is stupid
How about I beat the living shit out of you?
Ether he wins and you don't have to explain why you didn't vote for him, or he loses and you don't have to explain why you didn't vote for him after he assassinates Trump and takes power.
Pssst, hey
Bussiness-casual I guess, with shirt and tie under the tracksuit.
12 years ago i met few estonian dudes who taught me some swear phrases i still remember
I'd say that by society and mentality, Saudi Arabia.
Let me organize a dream vacation for you then, it's in my freezer
You know how Ustashe are the boogeymen for Serbs?
But that's just a fun fact, I guess lol
7 million
Fokus/Pametno - also new party, liberals
Could someone elaborate on D66's economic policies and why they are considered conservative in that regard?
Mostly grammar I'd say, but I really don't know
You ever heard of the Celts, Celtic Britons, Anglo-Saxons etc?
Denmark is a cool country and seeing one more country in Europe, except my own, to be so proud of their flag and nation was quite amazing to me
Woohooo ours is low
Christianity did bring the dark ages, so I would say it totally did.
He was elected because his voters were better distributed.
I was so hungry after a week in Paris so when I landed in Treviso, first ordered pizza then in Venezia ordered cuttlefish spaghetti
Croatia looks awesome
> Effectively it's the result of a EU-wide race to the bottom combined with increased globalization
It would have been Stalingrad
It's a zserbo with the ingredients of dobos
I don't think mistake is the right word.
This is actually a perfect timing for EU to create stronger connections within.
A mistake which all our parents made as well
Rijeka; Third largest, or just about, known for a very cool mix of mediterrannean and central european architecture
Just across the sea from them
Dude yes they are haha
its a reddit specific ad hominem attack pretty much.
Apparently, it's common in ex-Yu capitals so this makes sense (I'm from Zagreb)
We got first armor after the fall of Varaždin corps in September, that was one of things that saved us.
Well some dooms day scenarios come to mind that probably could be averted with a higher space presence such as asteroids and comets.
It's the first time I heard of this etymology.
We actually have Kauflanad in Croatia but we don't have Aldi
But no matter what younguns are expected to be present on  family lunch
I went a few times, not too expensive and a great way to meet new people with the same values
Have a nice day people
Touristy as fuck
EDIT:: second one is 5
Then again we also have Casu Marzu situation in Italy, if you don't know what it is, google it, but basically it's Italian cheese that is outlawed since EU regulations deem it to be unsafe, and that is part of their food culture and was prepared like that for centuries
More than you'd think, actually
This one is an 160 and it's an eco version(blue efficiency), so I guess it struggles a bit more than the 180 :)
Why would anyone believe that Austria would be merciful when it gained power back?
I feel like I'm in a parallel universe where we're better than you in at least something lol
The shit happened in 2011
As a Croatian, I assure you that the British tourists are the least liked tourist group in my country
I thought you meant the usage of it online in general.
Only instead of EDIT-ing that follow up in the first comment, or responding again - to Snappera - s/he responded to self.
Well, I still have a looong way
I'm sure he'll get along fine with Germany.
just visit /r/Slovenia
I meant just because most people are against war doesn't meant there wont be war.
Croatian MIGs are Bis/D, similar to your LanceR
It's funny how hungarians always act as if there weren't any other nations trapped in the Habsburg monarchy
don't
I live here and and from SE Europe and fully agree
I don't really know how to respond to that
Probably the bigger towns on the coast like Split, Trogir and especially Dubrovnik
Good and bad are shorthand for being on our side or being against us.
And how exactly is the fact that you don't have direct access to international sea hurting the port of Koper?
It’s used when you want to say you have absolutely no clue about the topic
When we in Croatia sound officialish(news on TV, business reports or something), we tend to use the absolute number of hours(i.e.
Kvarner down to Maslenica could probably generate a lot of wind power, especially during the winter months.
Smash
Sweden is so left that most left wing politicians and parties around the world would be called right wing racists in your country.
The reason for the difference of Hrvatska and Croatia is because the Latin language didn't have the H, so they wrote Hrvat as Crvat, as the C sound was the closest they could get to the H. Then that eventually evolved to Croat
Meanwhile physical attacks, along with threats and cyber-violence, continue to be a major problem for journalists without any reaction from the authorities
Since a lot of you questioned some countries i asked myself why did i put them on the list in the first place
a threat to the international order
We see the benefits he brought with him
English is mandatory and then there's either German or Italian (French for some schools) as a mandatory second foreign language in Gymnasiums.
That's actually true when you think about it
• gore - up/mountains
That's because she didn't do anything
Yeah, yeah, but in all my years I've never seen a pic of Mussolini in public or private unless some Italians suffering from dementia in Istria need to be reeducated...
Well, the entire "greater Hungary" stuff is not really sitting too well here, and we still haven't forgotten about Khuen-Héderváry Károly, but TBH we got far bigger and more recent grievances with most of our other neighbors, so we're cool :)
Especially don't enjoy hearing it every 5min
I read somewhere that Heavy speaks/uses words that are pretty formal and eloquent, so that's pretty nice, since he's always portrayed as an idiot
6 kbps, downloading mp3s from napster for 30 minutes per song, minimum
I know it will not be the original but many historic buildings are not the same version as they were first built
Ugh, he was VERY cruel and disgusting
Well yeah but there you must tip
( Think sentence structure wise
Heard it's a thing in japan, japan is a very clean country so eating while walking is seen like you're messy
I'd play the heck out of that lol
Vinkovci: the Habsburgs built us a Gymnasium in the 18th century, now it's the most elite school in our area
Happy cake day
wants to establish belarussian as only officially recognized language of country
Newer ones (even after WWII) didn't sustain damage
Well, imperial Germany wasn't exactly villainous to the Jews at all so the actual anti-semites are bound to find issues with it.
I already said that by constitutional changes in 1974 our secession wasn’t legal, but as it happened and all other countries recognized us and we won the war defending ourselves, it’s legal now
Its the same here
Sarma
God, Belgian beer is just amazing...It's so amazing that for my wedding I drove almost 1500 km from Zagreb to St.
Halt the trucks on Bulgarian border and inspect every single one for a few hours for immigrants and the problem will go away.
Gotta also give credit to that guy (you can tell me who it is, I only saw a clip online) that said "The death rate is low, but for those who die, the death rate is 100%"
Zagreb has [it
It's from A Song of Ice and Fire;
, whatever you do, you can't run away from this
[I mean just look at this shit.]
A pretty popular one would be “Čovječe, pazi da ne ideš malen ispod zvijezda
I dont get it,  something weird and fishy is here
So wrong for Croatia where did they get their info :D
It's cheaper and I don't really want to live alone, it's boring.
"lest you entertain the thought"? literally it is "(you) may think"
They should've translated  it
Here's [Red Bull's video] for Valentine's Day.
Hang on in there, whole Europe is behind you
Duis ornare molestie tortor sit amet egestas
atleast we are in the EU so we can get out
The system is horribly unfair towards them to the point were UKIP got exactly 1 seat in the House of Commons for 10% of the vote, while the Tories got a bit more than 320 with around 37%.
men wear shorts that definitely couldn't fit them since the elementary school
Are we talking about the meal you eat right after you wake up or sometimes during the work day, like you wake up at 7 but eat breakfast at 11
The most scariest thing I felt in my life
Pelješki most here
When was the last time i did that tho
Wars in Iraq and Syria weren't about the American oil, for example Iraqi war, 2/3 trillion were spent on it, US could've increased it's oil production for 1/5th of that price
Thanks for listening to my ted talk
The fact this line splits Italy and France, bit puts entire Croatia in a single region is ridiculous
if young then driving a golf 5 and listening to loud music
Oh well
Not Greek but I did hear him speaking Ancient Greek tho and a part of me died inside
Unemployment among foreign-born Swedes is closer to 15 percent.
Huh, I'd have picked [Vukovi umiru sami.]
Do they choose their own saint and date
Thats a tehnical distinction it isnt a phonemic one nobody thinks of the n in banka and nikola as diffrent sounds except linguists
Say hello to the driver
well, feel free to come right now.
Funny that
Also, I'd be hard pressed to notice a difference between Russian and Belarussian
The first two dialects are very different from standard Croatian.
Finland
In simpler terms English/1st foreign language is 3rd most important subject
some of places in [Croatia]
god - ring line inside a tree trunk;
) and Onomichi
To add to all thing mentioned before, in many places local ground doesnt allow tall buildings to be built easily
I made it less creepy I think
It's not the ranking that's important so much as the gap between the heavy weights and the rest.
On a serious note, there are like 50 countries in our continent and BH is not like an irrelevant one
Yeah you can find disgusting ones also
Some people call it palenta, usually in Dalmatia and Istria.
There are diffences within the major groups, but they're mostly surface level
they do in size when compared to europe (ok, europe is inflated and distorted, but you get my point)
Our greatest enemy in Balkan tourism
If you didn't have your notebook for that specific subject you had that day, you would get a minus
Do they build better cars
Fucking answer
It started before than that, you can trace it all back to early 70's.
Yeah, just like Islamic culture dominance happened when competition between Muslim countries started when the Caliphate broke up, or Mediterranean dominance like when the Roman Empire broke up.
Hell, Russia was searingly moving in the right direction just a decade or so ago.
They are mostly riddiculed
Day after yesterday is also a clasic
Thats a bigger city in Croatia and no demographic plan was made so we will have to react fast or our pension fund will be unsustainable.
Better word to use is universal
Croatia-pools 0
Wien, Austria: Like the whole city, really reminded me of my hometown based on architecture, just much much bigger
NATO had nothing to do with Iraq
Imagine how the town would look without a big ass shipyard and derelict  military instalments in what should be the main tourist hub
Well of course
It usually means someone who is cheap or tacky, especially with their clothing
They have a higher GDP per capita than Portugal and Greece
With Lend Lease the got massive amount of materials from airplanes and ammunition to locomotives, wagons and food which help them to hold back Germans and reorganized
the words while Serbian just phonetically spells them
"Ici, c'est Pepsi'm"
The reason is fundamentally very simple.
Egoistical
We don't really do thousand separstors
Yes
I am pretty emotional here too
But he also receives tourists in the tower.
Or would you say that life starts when the heart starts beating at 22nd day post-conception?
And yes, infertile people aren't excluded, the basis is man-woman, the natural thing
But it atleast is music, not whatever this is today
If you go past the Trpimirović's, you get some more names
Goverement decides to buy a used plane from Israel
Haha
klošar - the dictionary defines it as a homeless person, but I've never heard it used that way
We're sharing the nuclear powerplant Krško with slovenia
Not these fuckers that keep commenting how they like the dark and cold winters
Perhaps it's because he believes, rightly or wrongly, that this sub has a pro-Scotland and anti-England bias, which is ridiculous
We were not a part of the USSR but being a part of a different socialist country gave our capital a ton on buildings like that.
It's surprising we don't like Turks with the amount of Turkish tv shows we have
Do you miss your old currency
There is no rail track any more from Karlovac to Sisak
Metamorphosis is mandatory reading in our highschools
Their stray animals are drunk mooses (mees
and i got this feeling just by seeing shit on reddit and nothing else so maybe i'm way off
Because fuck what the environment looks like in 100 years, they won't be alive at that time, and there's oily money to be made NOW.
Probably the signs that warn you of the danger of landmines in the area
Turkey has nothing to do with the ferry service between Europe and Libya.
The sheer quantity of high quality cartoons from all over the world means that it's all but impossible to have an impact the way stuff did when TV was young.
Even Arkan didn't hate Croats as much (some sources even saying he helped Croats in the war), despite the Maksimir stadium riot in 1990
and i didn't know it's such a big part of our total energy consumption
those kids won't turn 18 or whatever is adult age in Norway
Its hard to imagine someone so incompetent
in every house that you come like guest no matter time you'll be offered alcohol and food
During that time (that is no less than 2 hours) your friends come and change around your table, you usually pay the bill for the ones you appreciate and themes vary from plain gossip about certain people to open political activism
I don't know why, but every time I handled Euros it was always
Well, the vast majority of Serbs did come to Croatia in the 15th century and later
Adolf
rock paper sicors (idk spelling bruh) but more brutal
Japan is actually really sparely populated
croatia, i dont think there's any single accent that's posh unless you are talking in a painfully standardized manner
Yes, but they can level with them equally, while the Armata will be above all of them, tipping the field in Russia's favor.
The problems nations face aren't too many babies, it's too many people too old to work.
I was not myself a scout in Croatia but I have spent considerable time with them and noticed no boy/girl division
I misspoke if I left that impression
You are saying that as if he was not the greatest Spanish monarch
The fact you can't know what some word sounds like from how it's written is awful
It happens all the time
Some got them from serving in the military, some for licesend hunting etc but in most cases they are not used to hurt another civilian
A proof is something you do in mathematics.
︎kvintilijun (10^30 ) - Nonillion
be it one glass or one liter, then they have a nap for hour or two and then drink some more,  Some older people drink hard liquor (rakija) before breakfast because it is good for metabolism
'Šukurac
It has a huge tonal shift in the middle rivaling From Dusk Till Dawn
The poet Wolfgang Goethe loved being amongst the celebrations but not wanting to spend money on a costume declared to be ugly enough to look like a mask of himself.
Class 1-4 would eat at cantina after 3th lesson while class 5-8 would eat after 4th lesson
[Dalmatia/Bosnia] are the hotspot for l2 haplogroup, l1 is Scandinavian and they are considered the oldest major haplogroups in Europe and in all probability the only one's that originated here.
Well, the A-U was quite bad for Croatia, as Croatia was the only other active political entity within the Empire, and thus a major inconvenience.
Make us a federal state like the US
This sounds oddly, soul-crushingly familiar
This summer me and a couple of friends bought a small boat and we went around the islands here and we talked about how we have this every summer, for free, while people pay thousands of euros to come here for 1 week
I will say heresy but I never order ćevapi in a restaurant
It doesn't help when our public television gives anti-vaxxers way too much coverage without opposing (scientific) view.
Deeming what actually is hate, ignorance and discrimination can be a result of an opinion though.
Clodomir sounds weirdly Slavic
I've visited it 4 or 5 times now and still can't get enough of it
Was your great-grandpa a Croat
-ić  diminutive (little someone)
How diverse Croatia is for having such a small land area and population
Wow, of course the worst statistics are in black
Coastal Croatia (Primorje, Dalmatia, Istria) was historically under huge Roman/Venetian/Italian influence and you can say that by architecture in any city
What makes it all the more hard to watch is the fact that hundreds of them were taken and massacred outside of town [at Ovčara] and hundreds more taken into [prison camps in Serbia] (Stajićevo, Begejci, Sremska Mitrovica, Aleksinac, Niš, Belgrade) where they were mentally and physically tortured and dozens where killed
Bwahaah, 13.8 million arrivals in 2016, with 4.2 million natives.
People would punctually sip coffee during the work hours
If you're in East or Central Croatia people will most likely know English and German, on ckast English and Italian
Weren’t the Emperors of Austria and Kings of Hungary the ones with the title “King of Jerusalem”?
If you pronounced it with your gutteral sounds it would sound like a tumor coming out of your mouth
Oh, no, no
There isnt a natural desire for vaccinations, there's a desire to not die of a fucking disease though
Well we arrived here and established 2 duchies in 7th century but after 1102 we had a shit ton of foreign leaders up until 25 June 1991 when we became independent
Cough cough, Kosovo, cough cough
So, with the (strong) assumption that you're supportive of that, why are you denying me to have pride over being straight and wanting to preserve my pride over it
Losing friends, losing family
Philip Hammond admits Brexit vote means £122bn extra borrowing
EU funds being used for what they are intended for
b) they don't actually have to
Surely, there are guns used and are (semi)legal in countries like Croatia (where I am from), Switzerland etc but we agree on the context in which they are used
The gesture is for the turks not for their gov.
Well, when you call a Croat "Ustaša" he will probably take it as an insult
I don't know anyone below 40 who doesn't speak English or German to some degree and I get to meet a lot of people
And somehow we still end up next to serbia
The culture is similar to the rest of Pannonian Basin (Hungary, Serbia) and the people speak a language that is close to standard Serbo-Croatian.
Yes, they counquered it for Venice.
So I'd say that I'm pretty much pleased with the results, I Know where a part of that money will go, but I'm also glad that we were given that amount
Does history begins with 1867.?
The shit happened in 2011
I’ve been a massive fan ever since it came out and wish more people appreciated the masterpiece it is
I wouldn't rejoice, his opposition is Serbian nationalists
We have the world’s smallest town
this is the end”
Great way to make us feel inferior ngl (+ that handball match).
We are very small but the regions on the sea have nothing in common with the inland and then again inland is split in 2 parts
Lol, where
What was the deal with the plane toys
Though even today there is the question of Kosovo
They benefited from everyone around them taking strict measures
To give you an example, Modrić would be Modri, Šuker would be Šuki, etc
Wtf
Definitely the Ustasha regime in World War II
Vucic supported the Milosevic regime ...
I don't say that it is Russian propaganda.
Well many of them also think that Greeks are their Orthodox brothers.
It also has the first Croatian beer dating from the mid 17th century
u/vredditdownloader
At the time they were a part of Yugoslavia the name was [Vardar Banovina]
To my understanding if I were in the US and tried to pay by card, the machine would give me options for a 10%-15%+ tip like I must do it
Our ability to sports
aw man
So what you're saying is, we're should organize ourselves, secretly take pics of these clerks, with useful descriptions like the statistical likelihood of passing?
That's *jiǎn* on latinic alphabet so 4 letters also.
First of, that's utter bullshit.
'Šukurac
**Gothic, Renaissance**
I found this article
What a mature conversation this has been
But all money is invested in coast and capital
Trade is making stuff in one country and selling it in another.
8€. (soup, main meal, salad, desert)
This is not to say that Europeans are not racist nor that racial splits and issues do not exist - it is only to say that history and cultural context play a crucial role in how these issues come about in the sphere of political
Ajvar is a hot sauce
Its a lot cheapee and great if installed safely
You about to anger some Croatians, including me lmao
Copying Germans since 1438
Perhaps, but you can't compare terrorism to common crime, and terrorism, and mass attacks are definitely not linked to Balkan migrants.
Right wing ones seem very sane
Didn't Nikola Tesla make the radio
Janja is uncommon in my part of Croatia, but I would say it falls into the same category of an old-fashioned name
Aenean sed malesuada tortor
I was living 10 years in the middle east and my sources are muslim colleagues / friends / strangers that directly shared their thoughts with me + semi regular lecturing about the world that should be lived and experienced as quran dictates
EDIT: Here they are: \[Desktop\] ([
Hmm, pretty sure that there are older businesses in Croatia
How could they be better at rockets
Bulgarian -ov
This is cool :)
bog - god;
Maybe a year younger if you go for vocational 3 year high school and now want to go to uni anyway
We can give you any right winger you choose
Now something from (central) Africa, that gets massively distorted by map projections is something else entirely
About damn time that island reunifies.
The whole country would be a peninsula
Apart from the real pensioners there is I think around 500 000 of people that get their pension because they were in the war
As can be seen in the previous sentence, theword *enemy* is in singular, therefore this grammatical discrepancy - between enemy (sg.) and they (pl.) - has to be build semantically and with context, which is here given.
The rest don't.
They're positively viewed in Hungary but are viewed as oppressive tyrants in Croatia
Ok, fair enough
Parachute - 1617, Faust Vrancic, so early 17th c.
I think the Kaiser naval flag is best
Touristy as fuck
" when I'm swimming in the sea
EU policy turned out to be a policy of double standards and cheating
They don't demand Spanish citizenship though
He purposely said it like that, we don't pronounce it as Dubro-Vnik.
Vas dvojica - the two of you (guys)
You mean you can't import them because their CO2 emission is too low for the US?
Zagabria
Nope, but maybe sprucing it up a bit and you'd have a dope crib with a far-reaching view.
It sounds crazy but I hope unemployment will be our goal in future.
I know what Constitution says
Every moron gets to share his worthless opinion and if it gets enough likes, it seems credible to other morons
Yugoslavia was federation of rep, not a nation
Cheese spread, polony and cheese (gouda)
* Split: Croatia's Florida, but with a lot more thugs 'n' drugs
U from san marino
I'd say the GDR's NVA was tiers above it.
>In addition to the areas mentioned above all areas belonging to members of the Council of Europe in their entirety (plus Kazakhstan) are considered on-topic for casual submissions, as long as they don't violate any other rules
I also remember some general who was executed because his troops did war crimes and it was an early example of military responsibility how superiors are responsible for the actions of soldiers under them or something.
Bulgaria seeks to buy eight fighter jets
Sweden, muh man
i just linked it so it would be a Croat slandering Serbs.
In Croatia the Slavonia region is stereotypically seen as flat and covered in nothing but agricultural fields.
I mean, we have patients who smoked 1-2 boxes a day for 50+ years.
imagine having the balls to take candid photos of a probably very pissed stalin
It's basically Croatian with an Italian mix added to it
[The Pula arena] - one of the best preserved roman amphitheatres in the world, still used today (WC 2018, Croatia-England match)
A year
Just Poland doing Catholic things
Also, I despise this [building
Well, you may be richer than Croatia now - but you still aren't richer than Croatia was in 1985.
It's also food imported from all over the world, much more clothes than people 60 years ago had, internet access, computer and tablet, big TV with 300 channels, college education for everyone, health care for everyone, all kind of welfare and social services and on and on it goes
And now it’s warm when it should be much warmer
The USSR could have defeated Germany on their own
And the irony of Erdogan, a crypto-fascist calling the Netherlands one of the most liberal countries on earth "Nazis" went past all the heads of his supporters
That's some Croatia level paperwork shit for a simple thing
For example, Zagreb has German name - Agram and Osijek - Esseg (it has Hungarian and Turkish variant aswell)
Or perhaps remesdivir with which COVID-19 is treated nowadays
I think it was meant in a more sarcastic way because Škodas weren't fancy back then.
Hey, I know that brand
Rvatine
Light supper followed with glass or two of wine mixed with water
We also have a shit ton of them aswell
We're limited with our vacation days during the summer and those that we get we spend on relaxing by the sea
big NoNo for god-fearing people of Catholic Republic of Croatia
>Putin still does karate, plays hockey
It is better to overproduce and waste some than leave people hungry
Beautiful nature, hills and mountains, woods, lakes.
Strand, Europe's lost island, sunk under the sea in 1634
Janja is uncommon in my part of Croatia, but I would say it falls into the same category of an old-fashioned name
Now think of the shitstorm if this was Germany or Sweden and they were hating eid mubarak.
Yes, for the worse in Turkeys example, as Kurdish fertility rates are far above Turkish.
Wait there are people that don't have home clothes
“Russia is 15 times the size of Belarus, and it is behaving inappropriately.
1st round: LE PEN IS WINNING YOU CUCKS
It's no longer guns but rater a war of words
*Continues living in Balkan country*
Nice - 14-22ish
No territorial organisation whatsoever in 1991
For instance, [she] is from the northern part of Croatia, but I bet that a lot of other nations with lighter skin tones and light hair colors would be able to say that she "belongs" to them
In Croatia, we don't have much poetry, but one of the most famous song lines is:
Međimurje in the north of Croatia
What about Grinzing in Vienna
Yeah, more or less
Fucking answer
More land for Yugoslavia then
I know because I literally went through there that summer
WE TAKE IT
because orban actually wants good relationships with russia
I know quite a lot of them
If you can even call that sex ed
But Croatian has 3 dialects,the first one shtokavian is the official language  (more-less tho it still has some words and style of speaking that aren't in the official language) spoken in the east and south(those subdialects are also different) , second one is kajkavian mostly Croatian-Slovenian but unintelligible sometimes too,it has its own words and speech accents and it is mostly spoken in northern/central Croatia
Biggest shock you can feel I think
The post is in Spanish
Croatian history and Serbian history from 1940-1995 are 2 differerent stories with no similarities
3 million) ($27 billion in 2017 vs  $21 billion in 2020), so I find that kind of funny
Without Croatia
Source: am croatian
Well nothing so far was about expansion of influence, it was about retaining existing influence in face of expanding US influence.
There is more difference between the three croat dialects than the standard Bosnian, Croatian and Serbian.
Seriously though, what is the Austrian monarchist platform anyway, aside from wanting a Habsburg restoration
Kukuruz is also corn in Croatian and kapula is onion in Dalmatia
na primjer kanalizacija koja teče u drini i u drugim rijekama direktno iz doma u mesto prave septičke jame.
Hungarians arent exactly slavs.
But good riddance, i say, it would be a country of normal people :D
Those are still far ahead of Ukraine which is literally Africa-tier by many criteria, especially corruption.
Slavs: I am 4 parallel universes ahead of you
Hang on in there, whole Europe is behind you
What was your people's most famous disaster (as in earthquakes, explosions, nuclear leaks)
Aha, mi kazemo vol
Well yes Slavonia can't compare with Dalmatia in beauty only in cuisine(Slavonia has far better food-change my mind) but yes some places are worth a visit especially geothermal springs and castles whom are also in Slavonia but also in Zagorje
I wonder if the outcome would be different today ...
Oh wow I feel the Mediterran out of that song
I though you would write "I can't wait for Croatia to already get its act together and finally build M-95 Degman"
To appease the socialists, by giving their members what they actually wanted
It really me laugh
No, czech are the brits of croatia
Red Bull Salzburg is a pretty big deal in European football
They conquered the whole Balkan and ruled it for hundreds of years.
Since average salary in Finland is pretty standard for a developed EU nation, it absolutely makes it an outlier if they really pay their interns that much (compared to other countries where the relative intern pay is orders of magnitude lower)
Our language is very regionally fragmented
But, on other hand, it does not mean we like Tito
As someone who was in the UK during the time, the insistent pestering with "it's coming home" and constant condescendion towards our national team by the pundits really grinded my gear
I had to google it honestly which one was which and the result said that at first three kings represented old, middle-aged and young "magi" but in time they became kings and *Melkior* represented Europe, *Gašpar* represented Africa while *Baltazar* represented Asia
I just felt a new one in Varaždin, weaker, but it rocked the building
It's also a thing in Croatia
It's a rap song
Yes, there are some local bakeries although very few - for instance on my way to work I have 1 local bakery and 4-5 Haferkamp's. I  haven't had too much time to explore as I've only been living there for a year or so, but from what I tried the local ones are quite good, but they are just not as easily accessible if you don't live close to one
What's worse is that people make fun of them and degrade them, insult them which in turn makes them hunker down on their beliefs, makes them blind to their ideology and makes them hostile to the rest of the community
Morbi molestie nisl ut enim mollis, volutpat tincidunt ante feugiat
>I always considered Liechtenstein as our 27th canton
But hey, it's got everything you need, nature, suburbs, and city life
Aux calendes grecques (to Greek Calendes) : putting off indefinitely
crazy
"Don't listen to any other information other than our information"
That might be the thing I like the most about balkan and it's countries
What makes it all the more hard to watch is the fact that hundreds of them were taken and massacred outside of town [at Ovčara] and hundreds more taken into [prison camps in Serbia] (Stajićevo, Begejci, Sremska Mitrovica, Aleksinac, Niš, Belgrade) where they were mentally and physically tortured and dozens where killed
Yes, a Bosnian Muslim immigrant is alt-right...
Ridiculous and totally transparent.
Especially in the morning when only old people watch tv
We have Krampii as well
It's basically Croatian with an Italian mix added to it
10-12, I love colder weather, cant stand summer, if its above 25 its like my energy is being drained faster
What is bullshit
Rest of the world
There wasn't any war on Germany borders either when they took refugees from balkans.
I wouldn't go to much in the details about the Yugoslav wars since the wounds are still pretty fresh and any discussion on that will turn into a shitshow of nationalism which is something I wouldn't want
They have strong left-right political divide just like we have
So weird
if they're fat AND tattooed then they're germans for sure
Po Vuku Karadžiću
There are societies who work on the standardization of Kajkavian, so that it can become an independent active language which could be used officially in the regions where it's native.
Even pensioners can't raise it but how much the pension is low
Pelješac bridge is the most famous one I think, but it‘s currently under construction by a Chinese company
I hope that again we will speak
And historian
Its flow of speech is the same as spanish, it uses same phonemes as spanish, but it replaces just about any spanish word with a completely different word
dafaq
Dubrovnik - Ragusa
It takes a single no vote to shut it down and plenty of countries don't have enough ties to the UK to be impacted in a big way.
They were broken/accepted a Muslim Turkish identity rather than their Christian/slavic one.
That said, I always wanted to see Austria return to being a monarchy - republican Austria was always
Actually, there were less deaths than usual because everyone was being extra careful
I may sound a bit paranoid or cynical, but if those kind of statistics were really showing politically correct results, they would be available.
[Collecting resources comrade]
quite a big difference between them in mentality and many other things, but i'm not really an expert so i better not give you bad info
If we don't dunk him next year I'm going to be more than disappointed
“What's so white upon yon verdant forest
Aluminium ones are also option, u til you hit head on the edge of one of them
Russia was larger from the moment the Tsardom was formed.
Because for example, new minimal wage in switzerland will put you in like top 10% earners in most of eastern europe
Have a downvote
It's really not though
But that's just a fun fact, I guess lol
Oh, I see
OP, you should at least provide some context, either your own comment or an article in the comments would be great
Sometimes I actually wait for the next one to arrive if I'm not in a hurry, anything is better than...
Fucking hell
It couldn't be only our fault that we backstabbed Hungary so many times, they weren't angels to us, either.
Also tho I like our tricolour maybe just the chequered field like in the Kingdom of Croatia or something similar to the one used in Austria-Hungary but I wouldn't mind staying it this way just a longer flag is what I want
I would take from wiena metro system, keeping their city center buildings in a good shape
*Just ignore them, they're either deliberately trolling or they have some seriously ugly [superiority complex.]
God: *Oh so you think you can just stay at home and not go to church
I think the EU should now more focus on its internal issues, although it appears it will most likely be Montenegro that will soon share the spot of the 28th member state with us.
Gobelki Tepe is not a building.
Ex-Yu music is great
This is actually very interesting as we in Croatia when we were studying history we were told that Oliver Cromwell was actually a good figure because he brought back parliamentary monarchism and stopped the absolute monarch Charles I. This might be due to the fact that we learn a very small part of English history
once a day, usually before work or faculty classes
There was 4000BC archeological culture named after it's location in town (Sopot) as it was the major site of that culture.
I just farted
ćevapčići. everybody knows that
it was all over the news
Everything is expensive there too
And all that money means diddly squat
That is alright, I guess
The wondrous splendor of its branches
'When in Rome, Do as the Romans Do'.
I kinda know what he ment but stil
Smart
Two can play that game I guess your IRA ?
Thanks for your input, but I suggest you read the comments on the other thread to see what I'm talking about.
I would just like to add that due to a massive influx of southerners (including Croats from B&H), certain parts of Zagreb don't even feel like Zagreb, people are much more extroverted and politically to the right
No mercy for them
Temperature dropped to 4°C from yesterday's ~20°C.
In Hungarian, Croatian, Serbian and some other maybe, Vienna is called Becs/Beč/Беч and in Slovenian and Slovene as the other repoy said it is called Dunaj
Croatia doesn't need military planes
Every federative rep had right to secede by Constitution
Great, now they're gonna keep rebuilding it for another 100 years
Smash
Than is time for, lunch, something light, mostly fish
I never do that ofc
This new arrangement, which confined the throat but very slightly, was at first termed a Croat, since corrupted to Cravat
In Croatia there's a stereotype that you guys like to go hiking in flip flops, due to incidents where tourists go hiking wearing flip flops and inevitably have to be rescued
Over time they gained both Imperial Habsburg (as the Habsburgs were elected kings of the remnants of Croatia) and Venetian patronage, and the two increasingly started using them for their own interests and gains
Where can I find reliable updates on the Ukrainian conflict in East Ukraine and Crimea?
And that half of his family is responsible for the deaths of a few million Russians.
Ok, the statue is retarded, especially if he's a fascist but i've never heard of him before a couple of days ago and i dont care about a couple of italian idiots trying to stir some shit up
And then the police stormed in and arrested at least a hundered of them
As far as I know, dnd and other geeky tabletop games are barely popular here
generations in society, introduction of native culture...).
We were playing one or two/week
It seems like Poland will be the only remaining country that has its shit together
“Die Hard” became “Die Manly” (Umri muški)
I didnt go when it was summer to avoid tourists
Cumin here as well, also paprika.
DRAZA WAS NOT A NAZI COLLABORATOR ??????
Older word is mlat, which means "beat" (mlatiti = to beat)
I start with socialist bailouts
In mid-2018 it had 4
There are definitely more boring cities or towns in Croatia
How high is the public support for this
Wake up, shot of Moonshine, than raw egg
The most recent case is Zdravko Mamic, it's even become a meme now that whenever there is some laege sentencing against someone (happens every few weeks) we joke how there might be some traffic jams on Bosnian border
Goddamn Yugos everywhere
︎bilijun (10^12 ) = trillion
It's very loud, probably a lot.
Well done
In case you were wondering, it's [Zagreb Cathedral] at 105 m.
First one is climate, an average
I missed Croatia
Can't tell anything as I'm not an expert in the war -I didn't live it, neither by place nor age-.
Nobody in the UK cares that Ireland didn't take an active role - it didn't stop many Irish people from joining British armed forces either
Nothing special really
so many different cultures, languages, food, history, perspectives
Sneak 100
I think Ottomans impaled people vertically while Vlad did it transversally
I like it how he avoided Bosnia and Herzegowina
You won't get it beacause it didn't happen.
Park rangers telling people to exit because the visiting day is over
We have different perspectives of what "small" and "rural" means
18€???????? Thats almost an entire full priced Paradox DLC
Thus a woman is even today in a special way in great temptation of disobedience.
In elementary school, there's'  no alternative to it but in high school, you must choose between something called Ethics and 'Religious education'
Good for you, not my favourite, unless you consider *Bajadera* a chocolate.
The hunt for Norway's perfect Christmas tree
It is if the people and laws they elected allow you to
Nazi on the rise in Croatia man from where are you getting your news ?
Then you need to report said profit and not use accounting tricks to hide it
For about forever
Yes
My part has đmuch bigger school and 6 kindergartens, 4 city owned and 2 private ones
What you meant to say is the city with highest population of poles after warsaw
And they do it in sandals and flip flops.
I still don't get what the "two speed EU" is about.
What a coincidence that the numbers exploded with the protests
So all the south slavic languages except for Slovenian are easy to listen to and easy to read
Tbf a lot of those are used today as well
I never anticipated that the Americans would troll us like this.
After us elections I learned not to trust pre election polls.
Yes, my post was a bit of satire.
When I was in high school, my classmate (who was always late) used the excuse that the tram he was in had an uncontained fire and burnt down which was obviously bullshit
The Great Question that burns across all of The Balkans
/Kakva je voda
The entire history after the hungarians
It depends on the professor tho
Debaathificiation completely deconstructed Iraqi military and police turning Iraq into a mess which is now.
They immediately disconnected
It is not a double standard if most of the people who lived during (or even fought in) the war are still alive and think that they did nothing wrong and deserve to be independent.
Uh, it's a reference to Monty Python.
What kind of heresy is this
Kim can’t afford them
Nobody knows why, not even those who send them
Malkovich hails from Croatia, Ozalj, close to the Slovenian border.
... and so on
You care deeply about your family, and you want to improve your connection with your relatives still living in the  motherland
Things related to people don't happen in 20 year time frames.
It's like after watching that one ted talk, everyone is an expert on flag design
I'm probably wrong
Just giving ideas to radical Albanian nationalists, world politics gave them Kosovo and now they want everything.
Toga kod nas nema
I don't even want to start going in to Congressional districts.
Interesting thing is, I have never met someone from Serbia in person that wasn't a totally cool person that doesn't give two shits about these topic
Erm no, medieval forging techniques have nothing to do with that.
Don't bulls*it further
Whatever good is created has to be greater than those negatives in order to be justified and I dont see much extra value being produced by multiculturalism of the kind we see in UK, France, Belgium
I don't think you would be successful :P
Because of him there've been a ton of useless projects conducted (mostly the obscene amount of bollards and fountains, as well as some more ridiculous stuff) across the city
Interesting
however if i go to doctor, do sports lr going out then I also take shower before
In places where it has been legalised it has lowered crime rates, so I'm all for it
My grandma used to read German books in gothic letters, yet we are not Germans
So I’m sure you guys will find the way for this never to happen again
Also, mind you, i'm croatian so i'll just type it as it sounds
edit - Also small islands
It's top thread on Polandball when you search for "Ordnung", and one of my all-time favorites.
F kao Frend je zabava prava (F for friend is truly the joy)
Yeah lets make a mess on public property because we're irked over something not being the way we want it, the main square while at it
Tbh, images from croatia are something like 8 years old at this point
Yes and so did the botched Turkey-operation of the allies.
It's totally normal for us Dalmatians to say "reka" tho and nobody cares
They are named after different ways of saying ''what''.
I want to thank Serbia for different (eastern) outlook of our similar culture
There is no rail track any more from Hrvatska Kostajnica to Knin
[Are they overly welcoming to tourist by any chance?]
Maybe I don't want to calm my goddamn tits down.
I don't think it's 15 makeshift hospitals (because that would be a serious war crime that wouldn't go unnoticed in the world, especially in the west), but rather media blabbering about something they have nod idea about.
Tell me, how often do Irish elected officials win by negative 0.2% of the vote?
Highest suicide rate in Europe also confirms it
I drink coffee everyday in a coffee shop and I pay 8 kuna for it, so 7 of us pay 56kn together, but obviously round it up to 60kn
Interdum et malesuada fames ac ante ipsum primis in faucibus
There are some minor differences I guess but nothing special.
I have the new ones, absolute shit, his best man made them
The joke in Zagreb tends to be that when we hear thunder or the sirens are blaring (as part of maintenance), “the Slovenes are sending an elite bycicle brigade from Maribor”.
This is what happens when you don't beat people.
Except a country isn't a company, and cattle aren't people.
“He who does not have freedom, dreams of it” - Moj dom (My home), Silvije Strahimir Kranjčević
"We". You surely are a valuable contribution with that kind of worldview
Also, Stjepan’s wife was called Hicela and there is a queen Domaslava mentioned somewhere
And if you learn Croatian proper usually we can hear a non-native speaker and also most people actually learn Serbian rather than Croatian because it is a little bit easier
City bikes are cool for casual rides tho
Write it down, reduce all the z, w etc
I found it charming more than hilarious
Leadership of Belarus has been for quite a while debating whether they should abandon Russia and attempt to move closer to European Union.
Eh, I personally don't like it, it's too slow and boring - I feel like "U boj, u boj
Providing Sweden-like quality universal health care to the whole USA would be like if EU provided highest quality insurance to all member states, which is not the case
Same
This is r/europe, not r/spain
Yep, it is a joke for some times now
Wait that's not how you pronounce it
I'm Croat, the national emblem is ugly
Mainz and San Francisco
*krapfen
I'm having acute butthurtitis though because of Tjenište monument label, but that was the point I guess.
Unfortunately we don't beat them in that
Same thing with criminals, if no one wants to hire them and give them a chance they will most likely return to crime because they don't have other options
Most likely [the Battle of Sisak]
Vestibulum consequat cursus semper
Meh, to complicted for me to get into it but intresting never the less
"The first pages of the Holy Scriptures describe how the original sin was created from disobedience.
More is not required friend
How about the EU doesn't subsidies farmers are much and that buget goes to ESA.
For me it boils down to having some pride over what I am, just as you people expect everyone to bow down in order to respect what gay people are
They tend to use double negative and often leave out a/an
Why
They probably mean just Germany.
Looks like a UFO that landed and is trying to communicate with lights.
Always english subs but if the main language of the game is something else I play it with that one
An intracity ticket for one-way trip of 15 km is cca 1
let's not be racist towards white people.
To quote Napoleon, a defensive strategy is a nation desperatly trying to lose more slowely.
And if its needed to lose some money to influence elections once in 4 years, thats a ver very small price to pay.
Have you seen those warriors from Hammerfell
A basic food like cooking cream
I was corrected by the other interlocutor and I apologized.
We dont have a political person that they identify themselves with ( thankfully).
In Bosnia is even worse, with some 45 %. The difference, an important one, with the emigration in the times of Yugoslavia, is that today people go not to return
Today is the 51st anniversary of the Palomares Incident, when Spain was almost bombed with thermonuclear weaponry
Pokusaj jos jednom
Well, 876,000 barrels of oil per day ain't no joke.
In croatia, i see lots of people with dogs, since they are more handy for hunting, running and sniffing out stuff in the countryside, and i think the fact so many people have dogs in the countryside gave people a trust for dogs, so there’s lots in cities too
Živi i mrtvi, Broj 55
* it was one of the first states to [officially recognize the US independence]
The oldest son takes over his father's slava when he dies, but until then he doesn't have one even if he has his own family
kukac - bug
Holy shit
Arne Matteson's *One summer of happiness* was first movie shown in cinema with nudity
Honorable mention is France in the Napoleonic era
I didn't say Zagreb pronunciation was perfect, I said the *standard* Croatian language was used for the perfect pronunciation
No, but i'd understand if someone wanted to steal it if he could make some profit that's more than a 100 EUR without risking years in jail.
Funny thing is, he may even be, but we have no way to prove it.
Our revenge will get you even in Serbia
she kindaaa reminds me of the one that shall not be named in that picture
In France, it is illegal to display Nazi flags, uniforms and insignia in public, unless for the purpose of a historical film, show, filmmaking or spectacle
Those are: nj, lj, and dž.
I've heard you're a great bunch of lads
Do you mean whats used in hide and seek game
We would've had a lot less land if you didn't.
0  ... how can you leave out some of  the most important countries ......
Morbi purus lorem, porttitor ut massa feugiat, tempus scelerisque mi
"Today "Fortress Europe" once again stands tall.
Do correct me if I'm wrong
Homemade food in someone's home, at least a while back when i visited it
The whole idea behind free movement is that everyone competes on an equal field.
In croatia we too have problems with our state universities
If you wanna learn it for free though, it's pretty feasible but you're gonna have to go ham with approaching and befriending new people until you find someone willing to teach
I can see China becoming the #1 global power in the near future.
Serious question - how does it all affect the concrete foundation (roof, walls, appartments directly below)
It was
People are unaware of anglophone context where it's seen as something obviously racist, no matter if there is malicious intent or not
He made the poor innocent muslim refugees do a terrorist attack!
Pelješac bridge is the most famous one I think, but it‘s currently under construction by a Chinese company
784
Like, "go back to your country" nonsense or
Make your own mead
(Which again they armed and manipulated to start fighting and at the end when they saw that they will lose the war, abandoned and tell them to run away from Croatia
This isn't a tech company helping a totalitarian regime or even a clothing company using their cheap labor
but for the kid that gets hit every other day for nothing, what would you say to him?
Chewing gum laws
Yet SLO, CRO, CZ, SK, BiH and some other places are all more to the west than Greece.
Yes, I know about "hladno piće" ofc :)
You cannot escape this no matter the country
Everyone uses it, and it can be spelled like OK/Ok (most common), okay, okej or oke
It would still leave the issue of a rare type of cancer which causes pain in minors, whether legislation would allow the use of medical cannabis in that case.
In Croatia, we watch re-runs of Home Alone, Ben-Hur and The Ten Commandments
Higher educated AKA more indoctrinated.
Only Russia and the Baltics are doing ok
Yes
Eh, it's not even so much the "buying" from what I see, buying jobs yes, school - nobody really cares about your scores.
I think there is a legend about Norse nobleman (later king?) who, while serving Byzantine emperor, fell in love with some girl named Slava (so probably Slavic); when he returned to Norway he established a new settlement, and named it after his beloved Slava, but Norman as he was he couldn't pronounce "Slava", it sounded more like "Oslo" from his mouth, and that is how the Norwegian capital got one of his names.
some more Croatian:
Surprisingly, the most accurate description I've seen so far.
Austria is also formally neutral.
I read that in David Tennant's voice
If you are trying to find a method to that madness of a song
You'd just get 5 years of torture, for what
Disclaimer: I regard celebrities only as persons who are famous because they are famous, ie
Yeah, I wanted to write it's not a thing anywhere in Europe, then remembered Sweden
and here i set up this whole scheme to sell hand drawn pepes
it means something like "Hardy"
When you swim on your back, you swim near the edge of the pool
That we drive on left side in Croatia
Ok, though we still have this problem where even when someone pronounces it right, students still tend to write it wrong
Over here the stereotype is that people who left to work in other countries either remain/become completely chill and indifferent towards the old issues, or they become the biggest nationalists around
Was looking for this
In Croatian, we have "Zaboli me" which roughly translates to "It hurts me". It's basically a more vulgar way of saying "I don't care".
I really like Varaždin as well, a much smaller city northeast of Zagreb (my extended family is from the area, and it's a really nice place), and Rijeka
jebe - (he/she is fucking) Ona jebe povrće/She's fucking vegetables
People tried to assassinate Castro more times than that.
Sorry mate, I see no logical causality in what you are saying
They have strong left-right political divide just like we have
But he was in Porno and said he could grab 'em by the pussy.
>Why is family the goal
what's wrong with facebook
Pički dam da prva bira kada ju na kebab vodim"
I just accept it as one of the fun quirks of the country.
People eat frog legs in parts of Croatia too
Sit gladnom ne vjeruje
Serbs also go to Croatia for a vacation and Croats near the border go to Serbia to enjoy low prices and cheap shoes
There are also plans to make trams go all the way from city to airport.
Or, in Djole's words "crveni pasos bez mane sto prolazi grane bez puno njakanja".
I personally loved it
We use "ispričavam se" or "oprostite".
Yes, we mustn't miss this opportunity for more promo to bring us into relevance.
her last supper we brought her goat cheese and wine with water, she said Give me whole wine
Thats why saying that croatia is either balkan or central european or mediterranean doesnt make any sense, because its all of those things, depending on the region
B-But why can't we be Germany ;_;
Also Serbs have a lot easier distinction between "Č" and "Ć" cause of your harsher pronounciation
Vukovi Umiru Sami is 2nd on my list, then it's Doris
Why is there such a difference between czechia and slovakia
Homeland (?) war
Assuming the Mongols arose in our alternate timeline, they would have easily destroyed the Roman Empire (assuming no untimely Khan death back in Mongolia)
But that same right also have all countries in Europe.
It is just that they are better than we are in football
Croatia has a lot of it and the potential of even more renewable energy in Croatia is enormous
Yep, I usually skip breakfast or eat something from a bakery around 10 or 11
Do you think Italy joining the war with Germany and Austria would have changed the outcome of the war?
Whenever I go visit home breathing in that sea air gives me a nice high
fucksake i'm stupid
Which translates to Croatian as (Grad i**za breg**/a)
I want to say that this year's and the previous year's Summers have been by far not as hot as the ones up until 2 years ago
I could really use some exercise
Hungary for example doesnt have people going around assaulting homosexuals.
I made a whole post about prople not having Cockta or Schweppes Tangerine, so, those 2
native women aren't pulling their womb weight
I read about EU and EU member states politics almost as much as domestic ones
It's not really a movement for independence but more for autonomy
The collective EU is too divided and doesn't have the balls to lead anything.
I would say less dialects but als9 because it is a little easier to pronounce like in Croatian you wpuld say rijeka(river) and in Serbian reka also meaning river it is all about the ije and je in words like in Croatian snijeg(snow) in Serbian sneg also meaning snow
And better than grouping "2-7" in the same color, as was done with certain popular map day or so ago.
I love how Istria is simply labeled as Italy haha :D
**Youtube live**:
Yup pretty much what I've found over the years
While that's not a lot of them - they have 80 million people IIRC - it's still 1 of them for every 2 of us o.o So I guess that Deutsch is becoming something of a necessity on the coast.
You don't know it's true, it's a lie to claim that
They actually got very near conquering Constantinople and Bosporus but Britain and France prevented it from happening.
Croatian
When Slavs settled this area, Western Roman Empire was long gone, but you still had basically Roman cities on the shore under formal sovereignty of Eastern Roman Empire, a.
Just like there isn't a way to stop counterfeit market inside of a single country, I don't see a problem
In croatia its always 2
During the search for Mélissa and Julie, police visited Dutroux's house twice on 13 December and 19 December where Julie and Mélissa were held
So we are now losing people left and right
Huh, I guess you do learn something new every day
So maybe change could have into should have.
So if I move to Sweden I would be working my ass at some lousy job for maybe €1500 and someone would sit and look for a job for same money?
Not so sure about women, but men are fine
Zadar - Zara
LMAO
And it's arguably more important to know who started the war and how it escalated in the first place.
Western Europe
I believe its the same other way around, you'd come here and be amazed how lazy we are
They are on the American market, so there must be versions with English subtitles somewhere.
anyone else think he built a bridge in the background
So if vaccination starts on a larger scale and things come back to some normality
Palaestra non olet ;)
It caused ripple effects across the world, and basically ushered in a new era
A whole canyon inside a cave is not something you see often
I really just wanted to know if the mistake was on my end :D
For example, average purchasing individual power in Croatia today is even worse than in 1978
I can't say I open them a lot but this should have been a big story
Both have downsides that, for me, are worse than that 20 days of mild inconvenience twice a year
Just switch input language
Some Croatian ones,many were left out::
Many Serbian criminals, including some war criminals, had Croatian passports during the 90s, and were always less corrupt than you.
I guess the Irish, Welsh and Scottish were also surveyed, but I assume most were English
A human rights organization that is a front run by his sons and that employs a good number of his extended family.
Big port city
The government, not the people, are scared of alcohol.
Last year she seems to have cheated on him so he killed all her kids when he came back
Machiavelli wrote in the late 15th and early 16th century, that is pike shot era.
It's a problem that has to be solved somehow
Always
Bismarck supposedly said: " Croats don't know what they want, but they want it now !"
Geographically, Europe is quite clearly defined, Anatolia is not part of it, Thrace is
"Good"
They look similar to  what we would call italian cards, but they all have the same design different from this
Other variant is shredded potatoes bacon inside bellpeppers and then baked while covered with an egg and sourcream mix
I've only met two who were actually in the war,and they refused to tell me about what they experienced, othen then a few things, such as 'oh I was there' and 'I stood by a tank that shot at the enemy'
In Croatia it's the [dry cod fish] for some odd reason(we don't have it in the Adriatic).
Please let them in before Bulgaria surpasses us with GDP per capita.
So what, is Romania what's left of Roman Empire?
Danish court says consumer had right to expect a new replacement phone.
I do not see that as an excuse to sideline the Minoans.
Oh, I even heard that countries like Denmark, Norway, and Sweden are communist
Especially left/center smaller parties that got some seats in the parliament during these elections
And how would "dobar dan" on broken croatian with soft "r"s convince someone that you're croatian
*Quo vadis
moš' mislit = im not sure this is even translateable
What's that rule about question mark in the title?
It was a long time ago but i'd say it was mostly neutral
” No they will not
There is some banter from politicians from time to time as well.
I'm adding to your argument, because WWII is even "fresher" in the memories of this sub, and yet you don't see us hating on each other for that.
People shop there but mostly buy brand names and local products
The nukes are deterrents and not intended for tactical use
It had nothing to do with congestion, but oil shortage.
I believe this gave birth to using "cattle" as an insult for individuals, regardless of them having the mad cow disease or not
Due to alcohol the wound wouldn't get infected and the crisis would be avoided
That is what priests do, they bless a space when asked to do it
Skewing the truth but not completely falsifying.
That right is (since 1999) largely restricted, so now majority of members of House of Lords are life peers created on advice of PM.
I read somewhere that Heavy speaks/uses words that are pretty formal and eloquent, so that's pretty nice, since he's always portrayed as an idiot
Defamation is criminalized and insulting “the Republic, its emblem, its national hymn or flag” is punishable by up to three years in prison
It's just silly
jede (he/she is eating) Ona jede povrće/She's eating vegetables
Those 5 gold medals of ours are the loudest.
> Fertility rate PL; 1
And yeah, generally all tourist traps suck unless you're particularly interested in a specific location that happens to get tons of tourists
Because I can't speak for the silent ones and everyone I've seen in these comments, especially on the other thread lead me to that conclusion.
Kingdom was established in 925 by our first king Tomislav
Neither
we give you everything, and we get nothing.
# *nationalism intensifies*
This is a temporary ban from dangerous countries, when Trump finishes setting up the immigration policies and agents, vetting process will start and that will be it.
9 than 4
U r welcome
I think it has more impact coming from an English person because Scotland voted to remain
I know like three people that have a beard (and one of them is a celebrity)
Isnt that basically the same
But it's not really mutual assured destruction in any other case apart from USA going to war with Russia.
My father has always spoken only the best of Ireland and the Irish
Tbh i'd pick the gavrilo princip thingy but then again, i have no idea what happened with bulgaria
Her staying in power will only boost the growth of right-wing parties.
It actually has rules (not just grammatical wise) that you need to follow and the sentence structure is different
croatia and serbia- name a more iconic duo
He somehow managed to get in the parliament and disrupts it all the time.
I think there's kind of a similar situation in the Republika Srpska entity of Bosnia and Herzegovina, with the RS constitution allowing the use of capital punishment but the overall BiH constitution forbidding it
However I only started rapidly improving after I started using internet at around 12/13
I hope this wasn't all to confusing but it probably is
I guess you also have problem with local sheriffs
[Well, yeah
Every time the EU has attempted to solve these problems - be it the VAT on digital services or the currently-debated copyright directive - I, a person running a SME in the EU got screwed over with the regulation
[Šibenik cathedral] - very unusual mix of gothic and Renaissance styles, incredible structural solutions for its dome and vaults
It's not like it's a case of ethnic oppression, ethnic Catalans are a minority in Catalonia due to decades of migration from other regions of Spain, it's just a case of uppity rich people not wanting to give money to the rest of the country
Hits right in the feels
Italian
For example, I sometimes almost forget that Hungary is our neighbor because their language is completely different so we don't know much about them.
Are you talking about feminists or "radfems" here?
Cool
If I moved to Germany I would always be a lower class citizen, always the trash from the Eastern Europe.
Rijeka is the ugliest town in Croatia imo
Also what world are you living in that you think this has had no effect on Islamic radicalism in Germany?
I would say that applies to the country in general because I had no bad experiences in the capital either
So I guess OK
Lunch is the largest and most important meal of the day while dinner is just leftovers/a sandwich/salad/pancakes/eggs etc
Istriot, spoken by 400 people in southwestern Istria, mostly in Rovinj
It is very important for your social and professional life and is a must-do for local businessmen, public servants, managers and so on
Which already happened in Germany not so far ago...
Ju kent spik ingliš?
Mirror situation here, it is all about the naglasak.
last time i was there a week ago and i've passed infront of a police station where they used the right lane as their private parking
John Kasich was also mentioned because of his Croatian roots.
Kurac, a u pizdu materinu,...
Japan is actually really sparely populated
Disagree
Because serial killers and terrorist are the reason the USA has the most inmates on the planet ?
What Serbian migrations, what are you talking about?
265 people that lived here
when US still maintain enough
I feel like kosovo is to serbia what hercegovina is to croatia - when things get tough politically or economicly , you can always call for nationalism and cause frictions tgere
ahaah at least that makes sense to me, as far as rivalries go.
Europe and North America's Top Coffee-Drinking Nations
In 2014 /u/Wewkz got 4 days of community service for raping a 11 year old girl.
If I learned something in life it's: "Just avoid the Balkan shit."
No, masculinity is healthy in males and should be encouraged.
Osijek: Second largest continental city, after Zagreb
Me too (I love that city so much), just wanna be sure
Lots of things
In most EU countries the older generations are right wing here it's basically 50/50 with older and younger people
What you mentioned they call *sirnica*.
there must be a better way other than building your house from scratch after every season
Yup, it looks like I am underpaid as well
i don't see her placing beach towels on sun chairs at 6am to "reserve" them
Nah hate here just isn't based on race its based on nationality or religion
There are also mentions of Jesus in the Talmud
Yes, I understand what you are saying, but you are very mislead if you believe any of that would halt the Russian military, it would not even faze them.
And being impressed how that mighty tower is still proudly standing, after everything it has gone through
Nj je isto dijalekt, mislim da nije u standardnom hrvatskom
You would love Botafogo then, the Portuguese once built a massive ship with 366 cannons;
But Ive realised its very annoying if I do that around non geography nerds so
If Turkey endangered americans you'd have to avoid Twitter and Reddit for weeks if you wanted to take a break from the outrage
US uses a lot of European weapon systems.
(oil consumption per capita of sweden is 3x of albania)
We just had notebooks
We aren't that low in comparison considering our neighbours and laws and the fact women here are conservative
Well, Bear Grylls *is* British...
Yes, but Schengen countries and those bound to join Schengen have uniform visa policy set by the EU.
Even if the bike lanes exist, it is probably not intended for bikes (high roadsides etc
A bit of irony: when we visited Greece, our Latin teacher had a running commentary in the bus.
It's not that hard to find automatic translations such as "pasta s kozicama" which should be pasta with prawns" translated as "pasta with chickenpox" since name for that particular disease is "(vodene) kozice". There are a couple of other "usual" ones
laundry detergent is another big one.
Dude, you guys need to stop using that name for arguments and choose some other general, because out of all of the top brass, he is likely the most innocent of them all
u is in instead of v (unless you're kajkavian), from is iz so not a one letter word, o is the same near is not a one letter word here
The thing is most people who were alive in WW2 are dead now so the next generations don't care about the 40s.
119772,14
Yeah,how on Earth will we live without our Serbian friends
During a rule of Duke Branimir, on 7th June 879, Duchy of Croatia was officially recognized as a state by Pope John VIII
As an aside, we realy realy like H (country is named Hrvatska)
Fun fact, the Austrian stock market holds the record for the longest time to recovery after a drop.
Disobedience is a sin common to both Adam and Eve, but it mostly strikes a woman because the devil has made the man a slave of sin by using woman's disobedience.
These were nation states, who's explicit goal was to unify their people by forcing a common standardized language in schools
ko pod drugim jamu kopa ima lopatu
Don't be scared, Thats where I keep all my candy
In many rural parts you can get a house with sizeable lot of arable land for less than 50-100k €.
Can you make one for Croatia, please
It's basically life insurance for the survivors.
Yeah, I was being a jerk because I thought you were trolling.
5, that's what our own institute has measured
Who gives wholsome award for this news
Bydgoszcz and those two Romanian cities really surprised me as I had no idea they existed
It's quite common for people to own a vacation home, not necessarily a cottage.
Nukes are defense against nukes, nothing more.
Has Diocletian's Palace as it's city center, which is quite impressive
Where you lived and what language you spoke was and still is the key factor.
The country’s geopolitical significance stems from its location between Russia and Germany.
Next up would be a harmonization of taxes and economic regulation to ease the inequalities between richer and poorer states
There is a reason that 90% of market is in hands of like 5 corporations.
That was not so good, so we decided to tear it all down, install nationalistic pro-nazi oligarchies of greedy imbeciles, install idiotic priests that preach hatred and crime, introduce corruption, theft, hatred, and greed as the highest virtues on all levels, bring back all the ghosts of the past that we had once defeated and giggle in that sewer of pride with our "democracy" and "capitalism" and especially the new-found "freedom". Since we are never happy with our achievements, now we move away and emigrate in large numbers from that pot of shit
what every body is saying
"Here poison yourself or you aren't cool and our friend anymore"
I just hope they get some sort of punishment, maybe a fine, due to harassment.
And when they confronted him he said:
There's a word or two that's the same but i'm pretty sure that 2 guys, one speaking only istrian while the other speaking kajkavian from zagorje wouldnt understand each other at all
probably your eastern neighbours
Those Poles and their crazy language :P
People wonder why our villages look like a battlefield ...
What you see you read out
And he walked away free, without being punished for the crimes
War nope, except the usual rednecks not getting over the past.
Because sometimes when I mentioned šatrovački to my friends that are from southern parts of Croatia, they wouldn't know what I was talking about
kamo - "where" in the context of destination
Opposition to this in public often results in threats and intimidation
I study english and have to say that that's completely not true
Seems like a bad deal
"Ko žene razumije, taj more varit i drvo"
not German
And it is them who need fucking directions, I don't benefit from the conversation at all
I discussed it with my friends what a beatiful fuck you to government that was
His views are very reasonable and systematically backed by facts.
an idiot
Yes I agree, I gave a broken argument as I have a "safe" but stupid exit out of it.
But what the fuck happened with modern music
There are some of us Redditors 50+ with the first-hand experience with socialism in Yugoslavia
More less, the biggest difference is the ije and je thing which happened when the languages were forming and before ije, je and e we just had ѐ which was a sound with all the ije, je and e. And the difference is also with saying the future in Croatian we would say "Moramo ići" (we have to go-verb in infinitive) and in Serbian it would be" moramo da idemo"(we have to go-verb in present with the word "da")
Yup, i'm not ignoring that, im saying that it took the commies months to reach the death toll the fascists took years, and this lasted longer than fascism here.
What they really want is to remove the red star under false pretense.
It should be the same for all EU countries
They also sometimes like letting a bit of fascism slip through (hanging italian flags in "Italian" towns, etc
Praise the Void
Silly Turks dont know that god is a Serb
Edit: some minor issues, formatting
The Europeans were actually the first, the Celts were doing it since before the Roman Empire.
I mostly agree with you but honestly I'm kind of sick of the false dichotomy of "oh those Ess Jay Doblyoo Libruls are just as bad as the ultra right wing".
Isle of Elder
Massive sexual harassment isn't a regular crime.
Nahhh we're pretty chill about you, you won't get Piranski tho
Ceca has her own problems
Last time I checked he was from Austria
The actual answer is that MPs aren't required to attend every parliament session, which usually means they don't attend most of them.
Doodle Jump - simple phone game
Almost every word in polish has at least one letter "w".
They also have a mayor[Milan Bandić] who is quite an astonishing fella
National identity makes no sense in the 21st century.
Good luck hahah
The word "boja" comes from Turkey
The story about bomb being dropped through ceiling on a patient's bed
Not Reddit per se, but I’ve noticed a similair thing on several discord servera I use
Jel toliko tesko istraziti malo po googleu, nego ovdje glumiti jebenog idiota
It's quite expensive here nowadays
From Croatian clubs I really like the logos of [Lokomotiva] and [Gorica]
Just the combination of ugly modern buildings slapped right next to the older stuff just doesn't look good
They moved to Slovenia and Croatia during Yugoslavia and most of them were construction workers.
[Diocletian’s palace]
The court in Croatia simply doesn't work.
Until 1943
Sometimes we have two first names, but we don't use middle names and we don't consider the second first name a middle name
F kao Frend je zabava prava (F for friend is truly the joy)
Several Serb military and political officials, including Milošević, were later indicted and in some cases jailed for war crimes committed during and after the battle
Yes, even without the eastern conquests Russia was twice as large, with about 2 million km2.
I see zero appeal in deserts and heat, generally, I don't get the popularity
It is either Deda or Djed Mraz in Bosnia since the Bosniak population is not Christian and therefore doesn't celebrate Christmas.
It would be wonderous
1) Everyone does not agree with that, only a couple people with a Netherlands flag flair.
Yes, but as an elective subject
it’s like the tourist town of Croatia heh
Michael and it is same in both Hungarian and Croatian and even German as I wrote(Unter-Miholtz)
Thanks for the article
Also some report that they saw Croatian flags in the stadium
My desktop wallpaper is a picture of the Hindenburg disaster
sure, there's a bunch of illegal war leftovers but i'm talking about regular citizens, not criminals or ptsd veterans
"Diversity is our strength." - some random Roman dude, 4th century
1) It's the automation that increased productivity, humans aren't pouring coffee or hammering nails any faster than they were 60 years ago
Are you talking about Kozari Bok
For Croatia I think the first one would be back in the middle ages when king Tomislav united the Croatian people from the coast with the people inland(lower Pannonia)
Suspendisse non dapibus lacus
In English you would have to you use passive voice, in Croatian you just say: "Grandpa (was) killed (by) grandma" (Djeda je ubila baka) and it still means the same thing because of grandma being in nominative case which depicts subject and grandpa being in accusative case that says this is the object
Either the flag of Independent State of Croatia or any Yugoslav flag (including the flag of SR Croatia)
No, we istrians hate tourists
In croatia we too have problems with our state universities
Tru dat
We have it oficially as "sušilo za kosu" (hair dryer), but unoficially use "fen".
Me too
People usually wouldn't even try dialect with foreigners (on purpose)
>bullshit unjustified xenophobic twattery
They're mostly really bad, mainly because a lot of wordplay,puns and jokes don't work in Croatian, and it's hard to translate them
" literal translation: "Who hasn't hidden was a donkey
it's Moja stikla (translation My high heel)
I thought the same as you before I visited Sarajevo, probably because I had never tried any dough with meat so it seemed weird.
Hladna pića* - cold beverage in Serbo-Croatian but hungry pussy in Czech and Slovak
I said grown ass men, not kids
Edit: saw a comment below, it's eventually and eventualno
In Croatia there is a musical called "Jalta, Jalta", portraying the world "leaders" as corrupted and selfish, and it advocates that they should have left the other countries alone
Theoretically they could gain a lot, but I doubt any modern republic could become a monarchy again
Vestibulum consequat cursus semper
And that was on rational budget with no starting deficit, right?
They were foreigners that some bleeding heart idiot gave citizenship.
Yet you proved us right
I know you're being funny, but the Honeywell AGT1500 is a very interesting and versatile piece of technology.
Albanians destroying old churches and attacking serbian people on the streets
Motherfucker, I knew it
Translation:
The EU was strongly against Hungary securing their border.
And the jury are native Welshmen
>joke was Ursula von der Leyen
Really enjoyable even after all these years
Here it's in 8th grade
**Czech/Slovak**: usually in families of 4, they like to rent a small boat and act as a captain for the duration of their stay, like to go around on small islands rather than staying on a single place
Yeah, duck and turkey being the most common, goose perhaps if someone has its own
You open a bag of Vegeta and we all come running
People who want to sound peaceable(as well as some Serbian hobby propagandists) but don't have all the facts usually say things like "Both sides committed crimes".
Their rakija sucks
How accurate it is ?
) so i dont know how that is an improvement
I remember walking through the city centre with friends (from my country) one sunday around six pm, it was summer, sun was still high, and we were complaining how we couldnt do anything since stores were closed, caffes were closed, patiseries were closed, even public transport sucked
TIL Nazi Germany had non-aggresion pacts with dozen countries including Poland and Czechoslovakia
Just send the Greeks more money instead and help them nit this in the waters.
The Serbian word "skot" on the other hand is pronounced the way Scottish people say *scottish* without the -ish
Ive heard hungarian, french, turkish or chinese, but never spanish
And I'm asking honest to God question here because I am curious as hell
Cant hear it where i am
Well, he's not my president, I have nothing to hope for.
Go neighbours
Indeed stupidly false, I wish it was 50% though
[Starting here doesn't help?] (I wouldn't know, not doing business here.) Also I think that what /u/ZmeiOtPirin is referring to is us finally getting a move on with actually using these funds for something.
How do they make sure the same guy hasn't already received money from France and the Netherlands to go back home?
I like this approach, my Mom would go to buy clothes just because she saw a "HUGE SALE, BUY NOW
I will try to explain
Huawei gets free advertising
there, less creepy
Yeah, I see those two scenarios as well.
Fight me
Finland and Lithuania / Norway and Croatia and KINDA naturally compearable
in Yugoslavia Bunyevci was not an option to pick on censuses.
Are you sure you are not lost balkan tribe
Huh, this is one of the cuter ones.
No, czech are the brits of croatia
In Croatia, Santa lives in the Lappi region of Finland
Ooh, same in Croatian
Are Serb politicians not allowed to campaign in Srebrenica according to you
People would punctually sip coffee during the work hours
(Hopefully, I to wrote the Hungarian name correctly)
Only heard of him because of the Peaky Blinders
Than is time for, lunch, something light, mostly fish
Last year we knew we can't win so we sent a "witcher 3 boss" as someone called it to take the win by force:
Hes t_d poster what did you expect?
I did visit almost all of it but that isn't much of an accomplishment considering it's size
No way it's 15% here
Perhaps if I find a video comparing them side by side I might notice
It's a rational language to learn because there's a fuckton of them and very few of you Danish people and us, and they have a huge influence over Europe that is only going to increase in the coming decades
In school i dont recall using anything except space
(Croatia) We don't use servus anymore but people in the past did.
Sure, remain voters and leave voters who thought the deal would be more of a renegotiation than a severing of ties will be unhappy, but at least as far as the second group goes, she already has her defense ready.
Btw Sombor has great food and cheap shoes and Pecs is just beatiful itself
In my opinion i'd always pick EU over something like kosovo, if it came to that
Technically, this one is a woman-kidnapping bull.
Better than Coca-Cola or pepsi if you ask me
It probably helps that people who are voting nowadays are now a lot more aware of all the bullshit fake russian bots who keep spreading false information to get people like Le Pen in power to weaken the west
You should work in marketing, your doing a damn good job in advertising your country.
Then from 10 - 20 is the (digit number) + deset (word for 10)20, 30, 40 etc
Can you explain further how that loss decided the future of Bulgaria, was it just the matter of lost territory or is there something more?
” (Read: knee-gha)
Split; Second largest, de-facto capital of the littoral part of the country
Only found the proper drawn animated version of [Pčelica Maja] on fourth page on Youtube, there's a CGI version now.
[A dragon vs dinosaur you say?]
Perhaps you didn't notice it or you were born in the 80s, but Croatian language puts much more emphasis on maintaining order inside the language
I used Symbian phone before my Android, and didn't switch until it stopped working
German government (embassy) in Tirana actually paid an advertisement in local newspaper where it stated that Albanians can not get economic asylum in Germany.
(This is my own experience with it, might be different for others)
Just half-brained textbook articles
My example, I didn't like it as a kid, but nowadays I genuinely like the bitter-sweet taste.
I was like, what the hell is this?
Do you miss your old currency
how should i put it
] They even decorate the [tunnels ] for Christmas every year
* 10^6   -> Milijun
It is here as well
Tokyo is built the european way where everything is walkable and trains reign supreme when it comes to long range transport
Today poppy is used usually for baked goods and is common, I'd say
Why not soy and tofu
Seems like finally good news, but could someone explain in more detail what does this mean and what can we expect for targets/surplus in 2017?
” - from Dubravka, a play by Ivan Gundulić
Seems ridicoulus
I live near the capital's airport so I see our 2 left MIG's flying now and then but besides that nothing
Hearing that from a spanish person is indeed high praise :)
But Croats generally have issues with Serbs mostly because all of the dead and lost people during the war who ended up in Serbia and were never given back to their families, Serbia still denies that
Hasn’t Ukraine been chummy lately with Croatia
Croatia
[zamjenit cu te gorim] by natali dizdar
The rest is either [Stoka] or good old [Herzegovian Ganga] cuz so many people came from there to Zagreb
I think its me, sorry finland you sensitive fuckers
Even the most biased, optimistic strategists would give Croatians maybe a week, two weeks, as they were outnumbered 20 to 1 with barely any weaponry compared to the YNA
Fun fact:
We use MS Teams, but we don't have lessons
: kontroli*sati* and kontroli*rati*) and lastly usage of "-e" (in serbian) and "-ije, -je, -i" (in croatian)
And the answer right now is a resounding no, specially with the rise of populism as of late.
Oh sure, I'm not here to discuss that, that's another story.
Nicolaescu Teslaescu was, in fact, a Romanian.
crazy how opinions on things change after 44 years
Hungary is Central Europe
No one would be looking at me weird or anything, just a survivor internationally riding on a city-bike with a guitar and a machete on his back.
Yes glad everyone got their credits in the end that is nice
︎kvintilijun (10^30 ) - Nonillion
One could even say you are his greatest opponent in this thread.
That's 12 countries, that's not even close to ''almost every country in Europe'':
I think it's funny how some notable people in AU have different legacy in each country
Croatians, or any that have been before to Croatia, apart from the markets themselves and the parks around the square is there anything you'd recommend for a visiting tourist to see or try out?
Yes I have forgoten for the english word (I've actually forgot the word writing this)
Lets go with "Aren't you Southern Serbs
Foreigners, what Nordic language sounds the best
weird to me
I speak italian and the easiest one was spanish followed by french, the others were rather hard (whats up with romanian and all those diacritics
I see how it is
Ongoing protests and political demonstrations in Russia at this moment.
How do you cope with it in terms of transportation with bicycles?
Well I personally like our names very much but names in English don't really have a translation but Hungarian and German do and I'm quite fond of them but Serbian doesn't sound good, example:
That is the major flaw of Reddit for me
If Trump wins our government will become bff's with USA.
Most big transactions are already in Euros and people save in Euros.
Good for you man
EDIT: Fixed the end
Another book I would put on this list is Zlatarovo zlato by August Šenoa
[eurospread style]
Well, Vatican does not tolerate other parties, there are no elections which could overthrow pope and establish another one (or even elections which could change council of cardinals), he has the absolute power, doesn't allow priests to get married and have kids, there is only one religion - others are not allowed to hold ceremonies in papal state, women don't have many rights, 10% of overall population is a functioning army....
Most if not all minefields have been marked with few exceptions like this
People in this business probably vote for all kinds of parties, depends on their political preferences.
I would know to point 4/5ths of all states, New england being the problem except Vermont and Massachusetts,I know their shape
You mistake me, I did not disagree with anything else you said.
The Narona museum is one of the best I've ever visited
Here it is with English subs just click on CC
My great-grandpa was in the partizani in ww2
During summer, some parts of Croatia have more Germans than Croats
Here's another pic of the same street:
My own father, then he started with rules
Which is a city on the Adriatic coast near Split
That might prove overly ambitious though
Or even better, Die Like a Man
They're doing
Yeah I knew we had Serbs near me there are a lot of Serbian villages but I never knew that we had 189000 Serbs like where are they
We have [our own Eltz castle] in Vukovar.
Probably bad idea
it would be haram to deprive yourself of rakija
Never heard of it in this form
Not really, anti-ICBM systems aren't really good enough to negate that many warheads.
It is offensive for many Croats like it's the Cro coat of arms with the first white field for the Serbs.
How can I volunteer to fight for Ukraine?
Not sure if it fits OP’s question but whatever
Poll suggests public will not accept a Brexit that leaves them worse off
But Ive realised its very annoying if I do that around non geography nerds so
We will fucking evangelise Mars.
Yeah I knew we had Serbs near me there are a lot of Serbian villages but I never knew that we had 189000 Serbs like where are they
I’m pretty sure that’s CSGO Map
personally
Because, as i understood, it gets warmish during summers in norway
At least ours were protecting our country, rather than fighting for oil on the other side of the world
The nickname is over 6 times longer than the name
I find that really weird, since hungarian is so disconnected from any nearby language (pretty much no common words or roots), so expecting people to be able to converse in hungarian seems so strange
Slow coffee drinking
IMHO such studies in general are often dubious ¯\\_(ツ)_/¯
3 fucking months on depleted supplies and constantly losing men
Suspendisse non dapibus lacus
Our government even started knocking some ancient ones( literally ancient, Ancient Greece to be more specific) to make room for shopping malls
So, the same as well "Nose Horn".
Except a good portion of what the dude predicted decades ago came to fruition.
So west bad ruined Yugoslavia without it us big world rulers, therefor against west good person country, China good
You think that giving people a vote makes countries magicaly imune from disaster?
Radius of 100km gets me to one neighbouring country, 200km to another three countries, 400km to two more and 600km to two-three more
Lost almost all of our nobility in that battle
Ok, al to znaci da braca nece skupa slavit slavu kad su svi u svojim kucama, svak slavi svoju, ili
Few times I ordered them I realized I had made a mistake
how do you say šišmiš lol
Was looking for this
My oldest brother, father and me are 180cm, but the middle brother is 172cm.
I don't approve of either but that's what's happening
Android users saying iPhone users don't know anything about tech and then they say shit like this
I would like to thank Slovenia for being so small so we can pass it through in only 40 minutes when we go back to Croatia from abroad on vacation
I don't think it's the most beautiful, but I find it interesting nonetheless
The real one, not the American copy.
Test the soup and send them to jail lol
Hmm, is that Croatia on the left bottom
"Duga" means both rainbow and long (female adjective)
Reading this thread thinking me "what penis
You are expected to be proficient in english (since that is the main language for outside communication)
Ah yeah, you're right about that
Vocational school students probably do work.
You quoted parts of the article and added your opinion.
Croatia could be classified as South-Eastern Europe, but I guess Croats wouldn't like being lumped in with ex-yu countries because of the sour taste left in their mouth and because it's just an alternative name for 'the Balkans'.
and many more hahaha
Perhaps there is some explanation, i.
It's like when you know someone called Sandra Brown
It was the time of the Illyrian movement so it was important for them to all have one common language.
Brexit four times worse for UK economy than previously thought, say MIT economists
In Croatia, Santa lives in the Lappi region of Finland
Was the Sava named after him
3/10
Are we really blaming everything on Russia these days, this is getting ridiculous
Also, not so long ago many people watched ORF (there wasn't much on domestic TV channels), antenna roof mounts were made very high just to catch some signal, so German was heard on daily bases in many households, especially in the northern parts.
There was no Russian Empire in 1918 anymore.
We actually flay them on the main square every second sunday in a month and during the full moon
Donec id nisi placerat ipsum scelerisque hendrerit
Wouldn't be surprised even if it's Austria.
Weather nazis were good or bad
This is just a comparative list of countries, if by some miracle the whole world got 20% more efficient tomorrow, the rankings would stay the same.
It's also about the environmental impact
I mean balkan route is closed and not because of hungary fence.
Like I said, I understand completely
Tko se nije skrio magarac je bio
Long story short
I would say so, yes
Perseauk
Definitely nation's favourite couple
I am more worried about regional (and subregional) accents and dialects
Better choice of restaurants
That "free" part was what made me wonder.
Hell, sometimes it's hard to find someone who is even a 3rd gen native
Who the fuck still steals phones, unless it's top-tier iphone 7s or something off which you can still make a profit worth the risk of being found due to all those features and stuff?
We call Vienna "Beč"(Baech) and Slovens call Vienna "Dunaj"(Do-nah-y)
I mean only double digits
It's easier to search for solution if there is any problem.
Please google it, because I sincerely hope Holandija isn't the official standard name
In ullamcorper mauris dapibus velit sodales, in ullamcorper augue posuere
(Just because they've been pretty quiet for a while now, it's becoming suspicious.
You are correct about the Mamluks, but technically, Egypt was still a province of the Empire and not a vassal state, so you would need a third color to represent it.
Can we see "Net Average Monthly living costs in Europe (€)"
They love their water-polo and the price of the balls was 10x more than building those walls
The whole world will start trading even more between themselves
It's often the other way around although it depends on the field.
Old yugo version of fanta
Nice that we both met
Except this is real life
Reminds me of my ex home in Yugoslavia
In Croatian it is the 5th that is different
Folders
He is wearing a cassock
The war ended 24 years ago
TBH those sound more Macedonian than Serbian to me
I'm no biologist/psychologist here, so just going off what I "know" from common knowledge...
In Croatian, this is a *trenerka* whereas in Serbian this *odjelo na štrafte*.
Well I think any bigger explosion in Vukovar could be it, it was probably a competition who can make the biggest explosion in the city
That's called *suhozid* (Dry stone wall), our coast is literally full of them.
Cynical would definitely be the right word for it
Seriously Swedish has the exact same sentence structure and grammar as English and a lot of shared vocabulary
Same, mine made one of the first shipyards in Croatia in the 18th century, so I'd probably be a sailor which isnt too far off what I am doing now
I just don't think that it is a good source in general.
I thought you would pick Willem's portrait  or smt
Classic English
Hey, I know that brand
Not my fault we have the most awesome coat of arms :P
The Republic of Croatia is a unitary and indivisible democratic and social state
So eventually they got to it, not like expected but hey...
Nope
Osijek has an old town Tvrđa which is currently on the might be UNESCO heritage list
ok, he was born in Rome,Split but Croatia here is used for the viewer to more easily determine where Split is
I really like Belgrade and so do most other people here, but it's probably because of the similar culture
EDIT: Forgot to add, these are all normally said in a very slurred manner, like the rest of our language, unless you're in Croatian class lol
Then Egypt and Phenycians
So I got stopped by the driver several times for not saying hi and had to explain myself in my rudimentary french (and figure out why im being singled out in the first place)
Why leave at all
Ah communism, protect the rights of workers by chasing them with tanks
It is the same for coastal Croatia
Noatia
Well as far as I know from Neil DeGrass(or whatever the middle part is) Tyson not even a cent is spent on nasa per tax dollar.
I like [their version of Cola] more than the original one and I cheer for their ski-jumpers.
Our manager is so poor in replacing retired players with new generation of kids
But if it's something like for example music, Austria can boast about being really good at classical music because of Mozart and similar.
There were at least two entire generations of people born and raised in friendship in Yugoslavia, and they were much closer to each other than we all are today
Well, that sounds about right
Just because of our neighbour countries wanting to get in, but we kinda have to agree to that, but we don't, it's all very confusing
What is really crazy is that you could put the whole of Africa in some of those states;
American cities are extremely segregated and have sky-high homicide rates
You logged into your alter-ego account to act as your own spokesperson?
Zanzibar is also worth mentioning
Well, it you could just rename it into closed asylum detention facilities or do any other of the wide variety of legal whishwash to try and pull it out.
For their families and friends
It almost always caries negative connotations of primitivism/barbarism etc
Chernobyl all over again
Seems like Japan has the right idea.
Edit: Dubrovnik was also a first country to recognize US indepedence
More exotic entertainment
Please, do not hold it
Another blow to the reputation of Gypsies :l
to what was it the reply then?
[Old National and university library in Zagreb, now State Archives]
the result of the 40 years of war was not due to the habsburg empire alone.
Until 1943
Can't think of any other that is drastically different
She eats children and lives in the woods
We also have (or had) names for a bunch of Hungarian, Austrian, German, even some Greek cities (now only Thessaloniki and Athens).
I mean in Croatia its a way to finance new facade on buildings
And both nations declined that those happened even tho croatia like indenpended country didnt exist in ww2 it was puppet state NDH
Yeah, it's a good beer
They're only really placed in touristy areas since they're whole goal is to screw tourists over on exchange rates
I've never actually had to sit down and study it like I have to with Spanish
"We need the vaccines, but they're giving us more than we need."
How does this work and where can I get it
The only outrageous thing here are the prices.
We have different perspectives of what "small" and "rural" means
There's not enough liberalism to be oppressed by in Croatia anyway.
Also Johnny Appleseed (thanks to old Disney books translated to my language) and Paul Bunyan.
The woman behind him brought a blunderbus, seems like she is the smarter of the duo.
Fairly sure this guys thick boneheaded attitude is the only thing that could fix the relations of countries in the Balkans
It’s exactly because of the Ottoman invasion
Why should I care about grown men that don't want to fight for them own country or people when some of the women stay and do fight or are raped or burned or killed?
They are growing in popularity
Not because i'm partying like crazy but because i used to spend too much time on my computer
A national one beacuse i am croatian, not european
I was actually referring to other guy but got confused by comment tree
Its not for everyone
Then trade shifted away from the Med and suddenly everyone's a lazy bum
This attack also increases the instability in Iraq that is already close to another civil war
Also, why not include balkan countries (I know this is the EU, but it would be "interesting". Also, what's up with Czechs and Slovaks
I see how it is
They also partnered with Snopes, there wont be censorship as in it will get deleted, just a disclaimer that it has been debunked by snopes or politifact, if you want to still believe it its your choice.
Well all former yugoslav countries speak the same languages except slovenia and macedonia and no we dont mind at all we joke about other country words and its funny af
Over here the stereotype is that people who left to work in other countries either remain/become completely chill and indifferent towards the old issues, or they become the biggest nationalists around
Some will turn a new leaf but for others it's too hard
Since they are not even slive, right
You should definitely give it a try.
That's what I don't understand here.
Il si za poglavnika il si za maršala
True, but I don't see how it could have been worse.
I know Wilhelm Tell from playing cards
labudovi već bi poletjeli
I mean, you could classify it as a different dialect.
Today in our highschool we tried reinstalling Windows xp, it didn't work
It's the most gimmicky thing ever, and I doubt anyone who lives in Zagreb cares about it, or that anyone has ever really been there
WW2 Nazi puppet and Ustaše movement
No Slovenia and Czechia were in the same union . It included parts of Poland, Ukraine, Czechia, Slovakia, Slovenia, Croatia, Bosnia, Romania, Italy, and Hungary
I don't know if we broke all ties with them in 1527
I guess you also have problem with local sheriffs
Stara Gradiška (Croatia) and Gradiška (Bosnia), Hrvatska Kostajnica (Croatia) and Kostajnica (Bosnia), Hrvatska Dubica (Croatia) and Kozarska Dubica (Bosnia)
there is no escaping the morons and mistreatment
Now, before you start with the "well it's their own fault
There certainly interesting examples, but that is difficult actually communicating
it really sucks that we are not part of this project...
I just wanted to to point out how France is integral in Croatian nation building and nothing more
I think one should be careful to consider it as representative of Russia
Yeah but the problem is they have 0 prospect of finding a job in BH and coruption and nepotism in Bosnia is very high so if there is a job oportunity in medicine you probably wont get it if you do not have somebody behind you.
925 was the year when the first kingdom of Croatia appeared with the crowning of the king Tomislav
I think you forgot one large Asian country
But what truly defines a nation or group of people in my humble opinion is whether they shall share common fate.
I dont know what to tell you about spain, i've been there only once, maybe i'm wrong
The US is very good at assimilation in my opinion.
Why would you punish those who want to leave the place with barbaric practices.
Also, many people study in Slovenia as well, so they have to commute there daily
The rest are normal: š, č, ć, ž, đ
No, Domobrani were the regular army of NDH
Metastases for Croatia
I went to school, revolution, paris commune and shit, saw les misarables, several versions, read the book in fact
We can bring [Alka] to Olympics so you can retaliate
According to the article, those are not bigger, but literally the same problems you guys have
You did rehabilitate Draza Mihajlovic and are in procedure to do the same with Nedic.
If you can even call that sex ed
Dundo Maroje by Marin Držić
#ZERSCHLAGT DIE FASCHISTISCHE BRUT
...just kidding
I smile with my eyes and my soul.
I mean 12 years old can be morons and very open to manipulation at that.
(Zelena livada being left as no ones land
I'm just saying tjat these days a lot of Croats find you as a really close nation
In Montenegrin in means "to dial" or call (like how you would have to turn the dial wheel around on those old phones) while in Croatian is a slang meaning to fuck someone
Down of War was fucking epic, DoW2 was lame.
&#x200B;
The population of Croatia in 1990 was around 4
I can't imagine not eating bread with most things
Also we are thought in school that Napoleon said "give me 100000 croats and I'll conquer the world" but as far as I know the evidence for that is flimsy and sources are questionable
So why didn’t they
Since a lot of you questioned some countries i asked myself why did i put them on the list in the first place
Cheers
He constantly tries to provoke people.
For old town Zagreb it must be Agrameri-[Ružo Crvena]
Self explanatory since its on the mouth of the biggest river around the area
>Palm trees and beaches won't pay your bills or **fill the holes in your life**
We've really gotten on the train of hating police, like the American puppets we are, eh
Serbs living in the map which shows Serbia at the time continued their statehood traditions with Kotromanić dinasty.
We have written about the challenges that both Russia and Germany will face in 2017; these challenges also pose unique problems for Poland, which is economically and militarily vulnerable.
Just find a normal ATM associated with a bank, or even better find an ATM associated with your bank, most European banks are owned by a bigger one
Like, after da I'd half expect "koj kurac hoces
I didn't mean it as being exlusive, also i was too tired to write an essay about the cultural similarities with european culture etc
REALLY
lol, everything I write seems to be some kind of agenda apparently.
Actualy it was used as the slovenian enblem in the coat of arms in the kingdom of Yugoslavia.
I can't feel as the aggressor while fighting on the land where I was born.
Yes but you will not get killed for not wearing a scarf or getting raped.
Of all the European countries he, as an Islamic terrorist, pickes Poland lmao
[Improvise
Now it's time to vote out the scum that supported it
Left wing ones are the worst
Ruining plans since 1300s.
Reminds me of that movie: "Last Valley" with My Cocaine
Bengal plans 101: Fort up in the east.
Maecenas quis turpis mi
The two towers' tops are gone and one tower is under scaffolidng
Hell, that's any amount of being tired.
The population of Croatia in 1990 was around 4
Croatian, bosnian and serbian are recognized as three separated languages.
You mean five heads heh
1HRK - a single chewing gum
They usually flock to places like Zrće so they're not that hard to avoid
Zlatni rat beach in Croatia, before and after the latest storm in Dalmatia
You guys [have it all online]#Lidp2285936), that's just impressive.
I know a lot of people
I also speak a bit of italian and german so i guess i could communicate with people who speak those languages
I thought the same before I visited many German cities and states
Sounds like a slovenian thing because i've been ordering without onions since i can remember and nobody ever asked me this
The fact that corruption is not only a regular occurence, it is often justified and in some extreme cases, glorified
Oh these are not the only people he killed, there were more in late 80s but nobody gives a fuck about those poor souls right
Punctual, organised, reliable
Hvala
Nepotism in job industry and overall
Where do you get this BS from
TV, music, gaming, school, family members who (have) work(ed) somewhere abroad
I'm not a picky eater, I just have different palate, I'll try anything once, but if I don't like the taste, then I won't eat it again, life is too short to eat food you don't like
It's not that bad
I'm Croat, the national emblem is ugly
The union can be purely on paper, leaving both parties as nothing more than two neighbouring EU members
”  Kind of sucks to not at least try to make even a small effort to fight the cancer
Spanish speaking people are the most obnoxious when it comes to comprehending that not everybody speaks their language
Portugal once again reaffirming their position as a rightful member of Central Europe
Yes, I can't belive that more countries don't have this.
Ti si toliki jebeni imbecil, da ti se treba crtati olovkom na komadu papira i objasnjavati u natuknicama, ti i dalje ne bi skuzio, vec bi i dalje buljio ko tele u sarena vrata
Do you take the plane directly to Brač or is it cheaper to go to Split and take the ferry
lol
u=in
Well pretty much all of eastern Croatia(Slavonia) has amaizing food, culture and overall awesome people who apsolutely appreciate tourists because they don't come much
It's madatory to make an ID at 16 years of age and have some form of formal identification with you at all times
Slava Ukraina
If I have to live in a building I will search for commie ones
Nobody leaving lights for N. Ireland though
There are some minor ones and there are some where you will be fucked in the ass by a committee of ass-fucking.
This unification made us stick together for all those centuries under different occupations and made Croatia the country it is today
what kind of flags are those
The cool thing about that is, Medvednica is in the north, so you always know where north is, and therefore, the rest of the sides of the world
Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit
They might be older, I'm not sure.
If you're thinking about Dalmatian coat of arms, they are supposed to be leopards, but the artist kind of fucked up so they look like lions.
Say hello to the Peoples Republic of Rus.
HRT - national TV and radio, claims to be unbiased
Home screen -
KAMBER izam
I don't know
Completely missed opportunity to use the Danube Waltz as a commercial.
Those fishes are ethnic Croats
"not the sharpest toot in the shed"
These differences don't make a difference in understanding each other we can understand each other like brother and sister but these are just some bigger diffrences
love this weather
it's like that everywhere
>Waldemar Białecki's cancer treatment expenses would be mostly covered by insurance,
Before that Austria was just one of many German states and pretty much all Austrians considered themselves Germans
Anything can really be a souvenir especially if you find some souvenir things for free
There is a reason that our houses are build like bunkers :D
Tell her to try [Neoslavonic rather]
Short and to the point
Unfortunately poets are viewed as useless members of the society and seen in a bad light in general.
I love anime but dislike the reality of which this is a depiction
Yes, we returned a lot of the old words but usually for the same things they meant earlier.
Most parents stay for their own gathering
well they tend to be since we are around 86% catholics
Not really
People who are capable of deeming an entire nation worth of people to be barbarians just because of their experience with a few people
Like difference between running behind the house (from elsewhere to there) running behind the house (fully there) or running behind the house (starting there but not ending there)
Maybe it's the political stand-off between the Federation and Republika Srpska?
Along the river you can walk throughout the whole length of the city and also Trams which are the first ones in Croatia and still go through the whole city
Nosorog - in croatian
• a - but
And this was at a decent sit-down restaurant!
Then, charge new dictator with coup fees on top of the costs of infrastructure construction.
please make facebook leave forever
How the hell do you rhyme put and but
To them it has all originated there
Oh look
There were also some buildings destroyed from bombings but thankefully nothing of great cultural value was among them.
It is just the hymn to Croatian beauty and people's devotion to it which I think fits it just fine
Professors just send what you have to do and you have to do it until a deadline
People today have way more than our grandparents did and simultaneously have no sense of gratitude for it but are complaining they have to work for it
It's all going to depend on how it's phrased.
We also have the remains of Salona, Narona and other big cities
Palatschinken - palačinke
Sailing and kayaking just moments before a biblical storm is their favourite, not to mention fun island hoppings - with their air mattresses.
I believe the original was deleted.
Now do one for Croatia
And after that played victim card that they were forced "ethnically cleaned" out of Croatia )
Of course, if Sanders won the nomination, I would vote for him then.
The streets in the old town are slippery enough when dry, can't even imagine what it's like walking there now
So when I woke up I legit thought I was still dreaming
What I meant is that, in case that the usage of guns would be so widespread it would cause an atmosphere of violence, I am pretty sure most of our countries would agree to ban/heavily restrict their usage
At least knowing that it has a home where it's loved makes it a bit easier :/
Our country is very important in tourism aspect
I doubt that this guy or majority of this sub would do that
Can someone explain why the US should allow visa free travel from nations which don't meet the criteria and may not even be part of the Schengen system?
If there's nothing differentiating the vocative from another form of the noun, does it become a different case just by virtue of having a different function?
(the strongest Croatian king)
Nontheless we have very beautiful nature and gorgeous landscapes and it's something I personally take a lot of pride in
I recently saw a clip on Youtube where a motorcyclist had a camera attached to his helmet and a car ran into him
So, I'm a communist
Probably should have used more precise terminology.
Its all cool untill you run into one of the 5900 Internet cables in the streets
Same here, except we use "wild west" instead
Other events are probably in the 19th century with the Croatian(Illirian) rebirth period when our language,anthem and identity were re-established and of course 1848
But seriously, do you know why
Oof
For female names I would go with Buga, Kata/Katica, Slava/Slavica
So you're saying there's a chance?
My advice: if you ever visit, get the Florence Card and visit as much museums as you can
Bonifacio is indeed very beautiful
technically
000
I learned German, it is such an awful language, but a lot of German tourist don't speak English so what can I do
How could have we sided with the Hungarians when there was an anti-Hungarian sentiment in Croatia?
It was boban or prosinečki actually
Emptying quickly (though not as quickly as its surrounding countryside), and on the poorer end of the spectrum
sunflower seeds are slavic drug
Sretan Božić i sretna Nova godina
what do you mean delayed infection?
People enhibited the city of Vinkovci for 8000 years
He's on the level of that crazy president of the Philippines
We don't need Trump, we need the left to grow a pair instead of singing kumbaya and letting in anyone who knocks at the door.
I was in that town few years ago
I mean, there's technically the museum night event, but the crowd is always by far the worst at the Technical museum haha
To a Brit and to most Westerners, this sounds like a plausible option.
Rakija(very strong homemade brandy)
I like how there are boats parked in the moat
Ne bismo mi bili mi da kod nas sve prođe bez vrijeđanja inteligencije naroda
Of course its not, there is also reliability, training,battle proven equipment, manpower and millions of other things that go into West favour.
Clinton is the best option imo and I would vote for her.
Not to be pedantic but this is askeurope
Postoji faktor što neki ljudi imaju preće brige, jednostavno moraju proživjeti.
Russian Military Police in Aleppo
In Croatia Saturday is the ''idem na plac'', or ''I'm going to the market'' day.
It's just the various nationalists arguing, because they think counting blood-cells is Very Important (it gets extra ridiculous when you look at how much mixed blood the Balkans tend to have).
Every single word
TV, music, gaming, school, family members who (have) work(ed) somewhere abroad
Nadam se opet ćemo razgovarati
I actually read meme "meem", but it makes you think, in that case Pepe should be read "peep"
What I meant is that, if you are "working class" in southern europe, localy grown high-quality food is actually quite easy to obtain, unlike in the UK (where I live now), where you have an abundance of cheap food but most of it is of disgusting quality
Reeducating the entire workforce has questionable utility since who the hell knows what skills will actually be in demand 5 or 10 years from now.
but has dangers of fracturing the very concept of unity that the whole EU is built on.
Not really, Croatian language is not very good for rap, it sounds cringey
In Croatia we have a saying that France did more for Croatia in its 5 years of rule than Austria did in its 500 years of rule
The most recent case is Zdravko Mamic, it's even become a meme now that whenever there is some laege sentencing against someone (happens every few weeks) we joke how there might be some traffic jams on Bosnian border
The resaults were always close.
If tue, the UK will have bantered itself into YUKoslavia
I ate that in some small Croatian town 6 years ago
You are part of the problem
On the other hand, spain, italy, south of france, albania, montenegro, greece
38 years after my part of the hood has plenty of parks, trees, and even space for cars, remember it was built inn1983
We will bicker about the tiniest, most insignificant bullshit, but the big picture situation is fine.
Efficient use of public money, investments, production, perspective
Well, he gave in to anti-semitic policies of the late 1930s royal government and supported its authoritarian turn - best seen in the formation of concentration camps for communists and communist sympathizers in 1939, which were then simply handed over to the Ustaše in 1941 with most inmates still inside (for instance Kerestinec)
I can tell you for sure at least one of those numbers is highly inflated.
My sick mind tells me that term comes from Vesna, slavic goddess so you are calling them backwards villagers
If you are trying to find a method to that madness of a song
The confusing result is that Hohenschwangau and Schwanstein have effectively swapped names: Hohenschwangau Castle replaced the ruins of Schwanstein Castle, and Neuschwanstein Castle replaced the ruins of the two Hohenschwangau Castles.
Eu army don't have practice, nor battle experience and we need to increase our military spending just to match usa or russia
Ofcourse it did, but not in borders like today
At least late 8th century - 1102
from solar and wind's production only poisons the Chinese, so who cares about them
Efficient use of public money, investments, production, perspective
You don't have a name on your paper but a number so everything is fair and the teacher that corrects it (always from a different school) doesn't know who you are
Is Uroš an archaic name ?
I like how they're patriotic without explicitly attacking or diminishing the enemy
The ones here actually stay in their own little ghettos.
I think Republic of Ragusa (Dubrovnik) was one of the first countries to recognise USA
man, you're right
Can't really translate it, I guess you had to be there
" scream our headlines and internet comments
In Croatia you are taught English from kindergarten all the way to last year of high school
Oof
A sad image to see of a a country that I (and probably many others) see as the epitome of liberty, individualism and overall western ideals.
We should change tons of stuff to kill corruption
And the classic "if you hate America go back to your shithole"  "you sure you aren't illegal
Jebeni Niger :D
It wasn't his dog, but the neighbors
Than siesta
Makes sense
Zizek is a legend, fuck off
>Actually it's not like that at all
I am afraid some of those guys were really pointed to Germany as I described in the example.
I use it only in a semi-serious manner
It's that good guys vs bad guys story, you know?
Also I don't think it is the best idea to have foreign troops on our land, no matter the NATO because alliances can break over time and we might not keep our "good" relations with USA
I  have a couple of Slovenian friends, lately all I see from their timelines is them commenting on Janša's pictures to piss off and that he's a conman lol
But its members are not really welcomed anywhere in the Islamic world.
[South Park]#Plot) starts being Europe-relevant.
Thanks for listening to my ted talk
The Crown dependencies as well as the oversees territories are basically a giant web with the city of London at it's center.
It's the same in Croatia but we had our lunch break after the 3rd period
I drink coffee everyday in a coffee shop and I pay 8 kuna for it, so 7 of us pay 56kn together, but obviously round it up to 60kn
With today's media, its hard to judge what will really happen
Its matter of national pride now and its easy score with voting base,
**ČLANAK I.**
We have "the West" a losse, but very real sphere of that encompases the richest and most powerful nations on the planet.
Ngl
In ultrices rutrum nisi eget iaculis
I simply can't explain that in even a few paragraphs
Nothing, you're still by default most likely capable of it and that's what matters for this
Chat rooms were the biggest and only fad, i remember going to microsoft chatroom which looked like a comic book, was a really cool design
That reminds me to make some good friends in the politics to offer my services to.
I don't know
** That's almost 3 months
After all you live on the other side of the world while i live in croatia
And "death camp" is again wrong term, its called a concentration camp.
Parents brawl on football match in Mallorca, Spain
After it is put out local firefighters take over and oversee if there is a chance for fire to start again.
I feel like italian would fit for many people on the coast
Or, you know, not everyone speaking a foreing language is out to kill you.
Only 2 year holiday visa for most.
- *Radi mi se - I feel like working*
No wonder that Slovenia wants more territory.
Huh, I thought the series took the material for the online Lore episodes from the books...
Morbi erat tortor, ullamcorper sit amet neque eu, faucibus porta risus
I dig it
It's funny how Slovenia is so small, the artist was too lazy to draw its own thing so it just continued Croatia's pattern on it
Just look at the unity it brought to us, as well as the world's spotlight on us
Its against the rules
[Looking at the statistics] it seems crime in Sweden hasn't increased in recent years...
You can also plant it on St.Barbara(December 4th) but then it will become yellow sooner.
Just to add this: I don't hate America, nor do I hate Americans
I agree with that and that's all true, but the reason investing and real estate is so much more popular in the US is the tax deduction and very lax tax laws
Still it was a great game but I think that first foul on Griezman should not have been called :/
it looked different then
The reason I never remember all the verb endings and vocab is because I never cared about learning them, I just want a decent grade on my exams
Just go on r/croatia
Also on the roof of the church of St
"Gore" means up there, hills, they're burning and worse
So, quite different, actually
For all I know it could be a customer's choice.
led production line work, which has mostly been moving to low-wage countries.
But now when i think about it i see that i lumped spain and france together without any proper reasons so maybe i'm wrong
any word with ts i end up pronouncing as t͡s and the θ and ð sounds if im speking fast become t and d
” Meaning “Be careful not to go, small as thou are, under the stars, man
Uh, I don't think the territory of Hungary was in peace for any significant amount of time.
"For the truth about Finland"
Are you a fanboy of our NT
what happens when two nato countries go at each other ?
When I was a kid I went to visit my aunt and her house is near the sea, so I went a little fishing
it's kinda fucked that only germany made a solid effort to de-nazify and every other axis power large or small just kinda slipped by under the radar with minimal changes, even keeping a lot of the same people in power
1789 colorised
STAR labs
precisely because I tend to go on a rant, plus it's a tired old topic anyways.
Nothing wrong with it, it's just that i can't stand it
And finally, these weren't exactly games per se, but we also had the "paralysis" and the "slide". The latter would be running as fast as you could, and then use to marble floor to slide into someone's legs at a high velocity, while the former was running up to someone, and using your knee to hit them in the outer side of the thigh, the aim being hitting the nerve as hard as possible
I mean only double digits
Not as bad as I thought it would be
Frankfurt imo
Power in the Republic of Croatia derives from the people and belongs to the people as a community of free and equal citizens
Heath must be right in front of his door, and thought, "welp now is as good time as any"
There is some really interesting information here
Genuinely asking, since I don't know and most news pieces talk about the protests themselves, not the cause of the protests
If they defaulted or payed back with a devalued drachma they would still need to borrow more money.
not that shocked, cause lets face it nobody in history has been as corrupt and immoral as those in positions, authority, and certain bubble special groups, but still troubling.
Hypocritical cow
Čvarci, Smoked bacon, Pig fat spread on bread an sprinkled with paprika, Kulen, Smoked sausages, Smoked ham
He was born and raised here and as far as I know, unlike Tesla, there was never really any question as to his nationality.
Send help
I am glad I lived in such a country
Curved
I don't really know his history, I don't mind if he's from Bosnia.
So we named him vigo, still a bit scandinavian but normal
Russia, USA and China aren't carrying that torch, or at least they aren't with their *alternative policies and good comrades* in the recent times.
Then the 2nd thing: i was born and live in switzerland
I don't like any country being criticized except USA xd
If Bolek is shortened for Boleslav, what is Lolek short for
So, the same as well "Nose Horn".
Time to string up the crossbows and paint the pavises.
Since the salaries up there are HUGE, I guess the price wouldn't be low
With a wooden clad
Identity
It's the same in Europe especially when it comes to big media houses
that they're the more intelligent gender.
The song we voted for as a joke- won and went to the Eurovision
Toga kod nas nema
~~Not sure, but it seems that its only the "attic" area that is on fire for now
> Defending the existence of Yugoslavia would've been admirable
China also has a huge wealth of domestic raw materials.
Špičkovina (Croatia)
Since we're posting legendary cartoons, we can't forget about this guy.
And I work a normal job, a good job
Od oka "by the eye", cooking is not engineering :P
We did all of that, except for the break in line
My first modem was 33
They left the UK to fight and murder and rape their way through the Middle East.
Many of them never experienced simple joys in life we don't even think about, things we don't even notice as something special because they appear to us as normal, everyday joys
Maybe it's because of the Adriatic :P
Most of my family (from my fathers side) live in Germany or America
It is a sensitive subject, as our PM said showing his wisdom and resolution.
Those are some of the most popular songs in ex-Yu, indeed.
The thing is most English speaking people learn a second language out of convince, we learn it out of necessity.
He was discussing historical perspective, not current state
Bonus points if its after midnight
We might have a generally phonetically consistent language, but many people struggle with ije/je and č/ć, so it's not totally innate to spell some words accurately
Northern english sometimes sounding like scottish
Can confirm am from Osijek
” in the local language when I travel somewhere
Visit [here] , it's a place where you can buy a pass for unlimited train rides across Europe.
No other country can provide you with dramatic scenery and environment changes within less than a hundred miles like Italy.
&#x200B;
Duis a varius turpis, vitae congue nunc
It is only Bosnian national dish, but it has spread to Serbia and Croatia, as well as to the other countries
"I think reptilian jews are controlling the world."
I love how Americas get to be one continent due to Panama canal, but Africa is always taught separate from (Eur)asia even though there is Suez there
Alaska, I would've said russia or ukraine but I see them quite often
And honestly the place itself barely felt welcoming, idk how to explain it
doesn't that mean you want to always put your country first
Dictators are notoriously hard to kill and harder to expose.
Currently Zagreb is still recovering from an earthquake and a flood which came last week I think
People are downloading you because USA isn't in an unprovoked war.
Gamblers here aren't betting based on careful analysis of the data.
But if I had to specify a temperature at which I become really agitated, it's around 10
We call Slovenian Janezi
S**pain**
Thought I was in /r/spqrposting
Most marriages never recover after losing a child and therefore other kids suffer too
because
Then in 1918, the dissolution went: Czechoslovak independence 28 October 1918 (on map) -> State of Slovenes, Croats and Serbs independence 29 October 1918 ([not properly on map] -> Vojvodina lost to Serbia 25 November 1918 (not on map) -> dissolution 11 November 1918 (not on map cause then Austria-Hungary shouldn't be here at all).
>The fact that Bosnia existed before Ottomans has nothing to do with the borders of todays Croatia and BiH
I don't think that you get the joke but anyway :D
Dear God, my lungs nearly collapsed when Wales appeared.
In Croatia, there is corruption in every segment of your life
Yeah, it's somewhere on the level of Serbian "Do đavola" or Croatian "K vragu". Something you'd hear in local soap opera where all characters speak perfect official version of the language and have flawless diction
So nitpicks/criticism, in decreasing severity:
(Croatia is not really comparable to the other ones but still corrupt as hell if compared to other EU members)
Hospitals in Zagreb:
Except you never read about a Bosnian driving a bus through the christmas market, or a Croat killing children in Munich, or a Serb attacking a newspaper in Paris, funny how unregulated migration brings about those kind of things...
Now she did something
We will just continue working in tourism, chilling during winters and our territorial (and Teran) dispute will automatically vanish.
Besides, Norwegian-Americans eating lutefisk for Christmas doesn't classify as keeping their identity in a noticeable way if they have zero other links to the culture
[Mate Boban] of the self-proclaimed Republic of Herzeg-Bosnia
Alright, I will look into this.
"i have surgery  in 10 minutes, you wanna go tell the guy on the table I can't have a smoke to calm my nerves
They/we are praising USA/capitalism that killed more than 400 milion
Bachka Small Town = Bačka Palanka
Do you at least use electric heaters
It, unfortinately, burned down in a fire and the capital moved to Zagreb
Why do we have to be the only fucking retards in this thread that have to name a fucking nazi
heh, reminds me of a Solzhenitsyn quote.
thats so nice
And also, a lot of buildings are cultural goods and are protected which is, on one hand, good because you cant build modern buildings there and destroy the historic town but on the other hand its bad because you need a lot o permits to renovate them
I mean, if Bosnians can put mayonnaise on pizza, why wouldn't we put cheese in it
Footballers and sports fans as well
Literally never heard the term, is it a regional thing
I thought that it was a rick roll because it started loading youtube
There is a Hungarian minority there but the [Burgenland Croats] are more numerous
Also a surefire way to trigger Serbs is to claim that Tesla was Croatian
Forget about online videos, they are non existant since nobody can load that in time
His daughter mysteriously committed suicide less than Year before srebrenica.
To behave like a dick of course.
We also took our shoes off throughout entire primary and secondary school
We usually have a little (forced) chat with them
Does Merkel fall into the group that wants to do anything about it?
Grammar-Its medium
Though, that would still not fix our issue here as all of us hear differently and people would still mix up those sounds like they do with -ije and -je
Yeah, maybe
In croatia cleaners started picking up left over towels in the morning and depositing them in tourist office or town hall
Have a look at Croat v Serb over history.
Now i don't know if she went to it.
In this case it is even worse, as migrants are entering the country for jobs that are no longer there or will no longer be there in the coming years.
Turnout was only 43% on the last referendum
, and also attending many religious happenings in the area since we after all are CATHOLIC Scouts
Cars with ZG plates when derby is being played end up damaged
Poreč - Parenzo
It was like that for the entirety of my existence
"Genes of stone" is a famous nationalistic song sung by Marko Perkovic Thompson
like some of the guys that were meant to be put on trial were in the same category of prisoner as the nazi top brass
Nobody:
True but the scars of ww2 can still be seen and felt
Yeah, our army still uses the same tanks and planes and stuff and everyone has war stories and the ones that are too young have parents who did survive it.
Worst city is probably Vukovar unfortunately, won't ever be the same
Cockta is so fricking good
In a world of nukes and dwindling natural resources global unity is inevitable.
No one knows for sure, but consider how the process works.
Its a great song and I think it should be our anthem
Man that would be awesome
Once people realize this, life (and especially politics) will become easier
Tell me, how many days without government will it be the next time
Huh, I thought that was Sweden.
Wasn't this concept thoroughly debunked?
Montenegro is multiethnic state?
Ako ima Srba ovdje, сретно с тиме, остaни сигуран брате мој, подржавам вас :)
and that basically the united Croat/Bosniak army was stopped by the west just couple kms from Banja Luka (which was already preparing for evacuations..)
Lately I learned that Austrians see Croatia as a friendly nation and do think of us from time to time (especially in the summer)
I thought Romania economy was in a very solid expansion for a few years in a row now
Also, has quite a lot of functional and non-functional industrial architecture (old factories from the Austro-Hungarian era and newish refineries and shipyards), so it's cool for people who like that sort of thing, but also ugly for people who don't. Prides itself on being liberally minded and open to multiculturalism
Because it was basically 4 out of 5 last summers
When I was a teen I couldn't stand most of my country's more folky music scene
Personally I dislike Italians much more than the Brits, I'm just telling you what the public opinion is like throughout the country
any word with ts i end up pronouncing as t͡s and the θ and ð sounds if im speking fast become t and d
To the east from where you live.
I don't know if it's possible that way
Croatia should be colored in as well.
can we like try with a different neighbour at least on imaginary maps for fucks sake
Croat here, also attended "gimnazija" and was taught the grammar school translation
i dislike any gun culture, i don't think civilians should own firearms without a proper reason, especially not carry them around
[The Gospel of Supply Side Jesus]
Did you know that the face-masks a lot of people are wearing as the means of protecting themselves from the virus is actually meant to protect other people from your diseases, not you from the other people
You are compensated with some version of the sea
Edit: I live and work in Germany
Have a nice day people
Because their languages are extremely similar to English
Never mind, carry on
Bangladesh is not in the Trump ban.
Good as fuck
1:5/6 tank loss/kill says they had the upper hand in that department, but you simply cannot wage a war of attrition against allies when only USA had a bigger GDP then all of axis.
speaking of oranges, enjoy a Croatian song called [Orange] a [cover of which was in Witcher 3]
Alright slovenians, this is bigger than us both, lets merge our euros and kunas and buy it
I can see trying to figure out which ones are salvageable, and which ones are so radical they're a waste of time in a practical sense.
Edit: Oh shit, /u/silence_hr !
You can patrol the med with ships, satellites
Denmark is one of most anti-refugee countries in Europe.
I also get the latest big news from all European countries in euractiv's newsletter 'Capitals'.
Speech 100
Maybe i'm mistaken but i feel like older people are mostly against the EU since they still look at russia as their savior and saint while younger people prefer the EU so they can gtfo from there as soon as possible
Half cool and half am i going to survive this.
I’ve seen a few in Canada, pretty cool
Croatia uses nuclear energy too, not sure why it can't be seen on the graph
I wouldn't go to much in the details about the Yugoslav wars since the wounds are still pretty fresh and any discussion on that will turn into a shitshow of nationalism which is something I wouldn't want
Each country has a number of seats and these are filled proportionately, again, to the extent that it's possible.
Here we perceive them depending on what version of Yugoslavia/Croatia was there during their childhood.
They also continue to settle Arabs in various villages and cities across Bosnia.
It is because of the Indo-European Migration;
Why stand up to Trump, why not stand up for Europe?
That's true, but it will always be true.
This was not related to this conflict in particular.
But we aren't laughing anymore
People have been raped and murdered in the streets, i think that affects their QoL aswell as their familys, and you're claiming because we have heating and we can get a nice car that we arent allowed to keep the streets safe?
Look if mothers life is endager, ok
Even most of government and cultural buildings are from 19th century
Not underestimating others simply isn't in your DNA
Also, mind you, i'm croatian so i'll just type it as it sounds
Just like Czech and Slovak, or to an extent like Danish and Norwegian
Aircraft carriers will not matter at all if the nukes start flying.
There's a way around it tho, many tourists who want to visit istria disguise themselves as deaf and mute locals, that way they can enjoy the sea and nature without exposing themselves with foreign language
Isn't that only for minorities who are in Croatia?
Why cant we keep the EU as it was originaly envisioned, a trade union that will help each individual country prosper trough cooperation and capitalism?
French people just adore these
Now I'm really curious: how do you survive without heating
“Be careful not to go, small as thou are, under the stars, man
I asked him and he confirmed it.
Googling them and then liking all of their photos in a swim suit on instagram and facebook would truly be a real power move
Agreed, back in my day they would beat transgender out of you with belt, worked perfectly fine.
Prelijepo
tbh I always considered that to be, like you said, a step before the full word, like the English adjectives ending in -y, for example hladno vs prohladno like cold vs chilly.
With freedom, equality and tanks rolling into Budapest!
Pa koji je tebi kurac
After corona ends i wanna go to poland
Not a scientist
My guess is that Montana is full of them
Anything more than that is highly unusual
Every French person I met spoke english and was very polite
The Dalmatian accent is used with characters that inhabit or are close to the sea or another body of water (for example in Finding Nemo or Spongebob; the fish and sea creatures have a Dalmatian accent)
Sadly, the BiH is basically like a child of two divorced parents who keep fighting and are also overprotective and won't let the child move out, even though it's already like 30 or something
Bosnia is a unique example of a country in a cold civil war.
In this case, Kovač (Kovacs), meaning blacksmith
Living in the UK, I see that being able to fluently speak another language is more of a win than anything else
I feel for you and i'm on your side regarding kosovo but i just think that sometimes it's better to count your losses and carry on looking in the future
Tehnička kultura - Technical education
But it is also a lot of fun since rearly anyone gets injured, students spray eachother with water guns and pistols (mostly pouring alcochol in it instead of water), throw flour and eggs at eachother, blow whistles REALLY LOUD, dance, sing and parade (occupy) the entire cities and towns (traffic usually collapses during that time of the day)
Where there is territory, there are borders, even if they're not clearly defined by a line.
&#x200B;
It counted while I had geography, idk if it changed
And that leader would naturally favour certain things closer to their own culture" - no it wouldn't. Look at Balkans- Slovenia, Croatia, Bulgaria, Greece and other parts -  Estonia, Latvia, and Lithuania, Hungary, Romanian, Czech republic and Slovakia, Ireland and to some degree Denmark, All small countries and leaders are easily influenced by promise of monetary help for support in EU parliament, so they can present it back home in their favor for more votes next election
Yes, this must be some sort of precedent in world history
Mark in front of our parliment building the coat of arms starts with white field
Again and again, Ante Pavelić.
As he had a bad toothache, he was smoking a cigarette thinking it would help him
Soviets had huge losses because civilians died working in inhuman conditions the Ural Mountains and generals having same tactic, rush with huge amount of troops
By design, not by chance
probably someone, decades ago, brought the rifle jeans from a western country and people just read what it says
... Yugoslavia established the Non-aligned movement
It was wildly popular across exYU too
Edit: [here's] the screenshot i dug out from february 2nd of this year
Thus the local dialects faded away
- no, cro-a-sha
Doesn't have to happen in your country
he didn't say unification with whom
I was in that town few years ago
They happen, and they're not open for anyone, and guests don't have to bring anything (the host takes care of food and booze), but there's no culture.
What does this have to do with dogs?
There are many things mystical and intoxicating about you and it's refreshing from time to time to see something cultural come out of the east
I woke up thinking "Why tf is someone shaking my bed this violentley, whats their problem
Zagreb too, yesterday actually
︎trilijun (10^18 ) = Quintillion
nego šator age Hasan age
Donkey's pronunciation is far from perfect, even in the original movie
I'm not taking either side here, I'm just pointing out that recently "police bad" posts skyrocket to hot without much effort
For example - why are salaries taxed so heavily compared to, well, everything else
it's been popping up all over the southern coast.
- Nikola Šubić Zrinski (the defender of Sziget against Ottomans)
You could hear someone being called "udbaš" (Yugoslav secret service member) in various contexts, though
Love it of hate it it is the odd one out in many aspects
On the other hand he doesn't.
Because level of stupidity regarding opinions about intentions of Russian government is much lower in Estonia than in many other countries, so one would expect any political party with program even remotely looking like it's pro Russian wouldn't stand a chance.
Because UK citizens voted UKIP in the EU Parliment.
I mean they(Mongols) took Croatia and couldn't care less
If the eurozone cant even afford christmas boni for greece's pensioners than it deserves to go down
Can you use both in school or is cyrillic mandatory
Why is he so persistent
Whole article [here] Main inequality of income distribution is [this.]
uresu jedini od ove Dubrave,
No, at least I've never seen it
Yeah, I'd rather 60000 people lose their jobs than those pesky Reds getting hands on it.
It has since been rebuilt but has less than half of its pre-war population and many buildings are still scarred by the battle
[Google images for Zlatni rat]
Nothing is quite as ugly as the Euro banknotes
000 jobs and half of economy connected to Agrokor (biggest retailer in the country, distributor of Croatian agriculture products, food sector etc
Of course, this is all for under 30-40 people
He's been in office for almost 20 years
so changing the name of the currency doesn't lose us anything for real.
The center of Karlovac is now somewhat forgotten and sad, with a lot of ruined buildings
Dude you are just being dumb now.
Do you take the plane directly to Brač or is it cheaper to go to Split and take the ferry
This unification made us stick together for all those centuries under different occupations and made Croatia the country it is today
Critics point out that the road is in an ugly industrial zone and "goes nowhere" as it is circular.
Oof I really don’t know
Kneževi Vinogradi-Croatian/Herzegszollos- Hungarian
however if i go to doctor, do sports lr going out then I also take shower before
Ill say rijeka from the bigger ones (ex-industrial, port town with a mishmash of every style possible)
Yep, it is a joke for some times now
It's a very common misconception, but people of Dinaric Alps andd their respective countries are taller than the Dutch
Croata sounds similar to the Croatans
parents Serbian, but born in Croatia, and he himself said "I'm proud of my Serbian heritage and Croatian homeland", so kinda both
There are ethnic tension that last from the fall of Yugoslavia, some want to seceed (dk how to spell that word), a lot of corruption (newest case i remember hearing is when a patient with corona was released because he's something to a person with a high position, either in hospital or state, can't remember)
Yeah
Lot of the Eastern European outfits are appealing.
Ne kontam zadnji
This is the answer
Yes, I understand the reasoning behind it.
From major EU countries, Spain did more tests (103k), Italy about the same (77k), and others less (Germany 56k, Poland 32k, France 21k)
Best part is we can cancel that deal whenever but then our Church loses all the benefits and no party wants the Church against them
last trip was to scotland so we can deal with cold and rainy
You need to learn the rules of any language's spelling
i was always wondering why people in tornado alley don't build stronger houses
Is that why Afd has 10% in country that took most refugees?
And you'd probably end up like your ancestors near Stalingrad after attacking and fighting for foreign lands all the while your "allies" are taking a third of your country from you, then lose half your army for nothing and finally switch sides.
I can give some respect to Mile Kitić, but not to Relja Popović or Rasta for example
Tea became popular in England not because of climate but because they had access to it through trade
is really fun to make fun of english as a languge you put on a russian accent or any other one and say the dumbest shit you can think of in english and it instantly becomes 10 times more funnier
Slava Ukrajini
Selda Bağcan
There is one near my town
This is too optimistic, there is no evidence Trump listens to anyone on anything.
A Croatian guy who doesn't smoke, is not going out to cafe with his friends and doesn't care about football at all
I'd rather see Hungary with nukes.
In any case, I remember that there was some mention of our role in the holocaust but it was worded so confusingly that you're not sure who did it or why or how many people were killed and what's that have to do with Croatia, so you just forget about it.
Ukraine/Russia issue, France revelation, Hungary, immigrants flooding bos/serb, it ain't looking good
Godwin commented on the Nazi and fascist comparisons being made by several articles on Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump, saying that "If you're thoughtful about it and show some real awareness of history, go ahead and refer to Hitler when you talk about Trump.
What the hell is the red pill, I went to that subreddit a few weeks ago but couldn't figure out the theme?
You are US spy, you used feet instead meters.
"Look at the little fruit tree after the rain:
"It's colder at night than outside" -a famous quoute by an untitled author in a underground pedestrian underpass
I went to highschool in northern partt of country where I was above average tall
Nationally it's probably 50-50, personally I've met plenty of both dog and cat people
Szekesfehervar (Stolni Biograd, Stuhlweißenburg)
We didn't leave our books at school
Croatia had a fascist dictator (Pavelić), but the problems were forgotten after a communist dictator (Tito), so that's the problem here.
Saying that it's the same language deprives it of its own uniqueness and the effort that scholars of the Croatian language put into making it sound good and "rich". (As well as that of the other aforementioned languages)
where are they supposed to find them?
All we know is that it became a tradition before the destruction
What does it mean
And then, I had a little talk with my boss
Really
Half of the energy goes to Croatia.
Also, Bosnians who came to Croatia were usually uneducated construction workers.
well, if someone's favourite day is a random day without a wind then you gotta take the wind seriously
we don't need your Kacynki's, Orbans, corruption, anti-abortion/LGBT social convictions or poverty
Females are just weird
Finally, I want to thank Montenegro for having the least trouble with us
not under 25C for sure and even then I'll reconsider if it's windy
Our greatest enemy in Balkan tourism
I work in a larger city but live 40km away in a smaller one - it takes me about 25 minutes by car
Ooh, same in Croatian
All she knows is how to suck up to people, when everyone else jumps on the bandwagon so will she, but don't expect an original thought from her.
It is not as important as many people think.
You'd change your mind driving your bike in Croatia
Vampire stakes are not made out of forest trees, but out of fruit tree branches.
I wonder how many of these believers are what I call "the holiday faithful".
You can create them from thin air.
Second, the concept of intention is absolutely admissible in law
The Hague
Kind of weird because we used to live together for a long time
I read Austrian and thought the Austrian Netherlands are back
From one side, you have the Croatian forces
Our grandma's ARE the ex-commie police
Faschiertes - faširano
Croatian:
Don't say anything bad about local football teams while in a bar.
[This comment] "explaining" how Putin is Melania Trump's *madelaine* which prompted reminiscence of hard childhood in nightmarish communist wasteland
Bosnia- they will atleast get a more stable government, but I doubt they would be happy in Croatia
I wouldn't call 'čekić' particularly strong
Romania definitely turned fascist after the Hungarians took Transilvania, but had strong fascist movements throughout the 30s.
after visiting both spain and france I was so hungry that  I ordered half a chicken and pasta on some highway bistro, payed like 21€ but was so happy
Much better than the Croatian one, the Croatian one spends way too much time mocking Croatia while this one makes me think Finland is awesome.
This "random english words" conception is very common in Croatia, and stores like C&A, Kik, H&M and NewYorker sell those shirts on a regular basis
Afaik the Slovaks call Slovakia *Slovensko*
Candies were part of the commemoration of the day when [Dubrovnik endured heaviest attack by Serbian and Montenegrin forces] in 1991, mixed with Saint Nicholas day.
In the Croatian dubbed version, Shrek has a Dalmatian accent, Donkey has a Northern/Zagreb accent and uses a lot of slang words, Fiona and her parents speak the perfect standard Croatian language, while sometimes Fiona uses a few words that are frequent in Zagreb
One thing was common, though
But that's the thing, when I saw this thread I thought it'll just be a fun one, maybe with some teasing and the occasional salty redditor.
*Sex with socks on or without them: Which way leads to a quicker orgasm* - [Index.hr]
its not fair to say "right to self-defence" and not give people force equalizers.
Sure, Ireland was neutral - I never refuted that
usually having fun and coming in groups of 5 to 10 people
That must have been quite a pain in the ass to construct.
But now, seeing this tradition, I'm guessing it's because the retailers didn't want to deal with all that mess.
- russia
Crkva sv(etog) Ivana = Church of s(ain)t John.
But then billboard stays forever because ot gives steady stream of money
It's an EU4 reference buddy
No damage or wounded here
[Some lesser known photos from Vukovar] (NSFW)
>She's also one of the biggest stars in Croatia and there is even a porn about her
Only 1 in Zagreb
only to adopt most of them later.
US, UN, and germany all gave their respective donations in bombings
Lol, I don't know him, but I saw a parody song about him done by JOE called "Because I Got High" and I thought it was just a joke about his appearance and that it can't have been true
Are American McDonald's really that bad
I know, and at least here most of the people I know think positively about the EU, if for nothing else, then because - well, our corrupt/incompetent politicians have less breathing room for their hijinks because of the pressure EU puts on them.
Croatia will be the perfect counter balance
Man Croatia still has scars from that time good thing they failed ...
During that time (that is no less than 2 hours) your friends come and change around your table, you usually pay the bill for the ones you appreciate and themes vary from plain gossip about certain people to open political activism
Period that saw Lithuania's greatest extend was also a time when Venice was at its peak with Crete and Cyprus and many other teritories under Republic's rule.
briga me = sarcastic "i care"
I was in Zurich right before the pandemic
Funny that
8 cultural and 2 natural, most famous would be Plitvice Lakes and Dubrovnik Old Town
You can also have lots of sports activities, visit Game of Thrones sets, and it's not to expensive.
Do you call [this] Burek sa sirom or Sirnica
He's viewed as bringing modern infrastructure and liberty to Croatia so we kinda adore him
Moomin cup
Hey, we have huncut (in some places funcut or vuncut) as well
Don't know how you say it but Croatian has ikavian dialect
Because you have more people then most of the ex-communist states.
There are dozens of countries where homosexuality is outlawed, somewhere even punishable by death.
Only Greek and Latin words are now so ingrained and have been used for so long it would be silly to say that fotoaparat is not a Croatian word.
It probably depends on where you work and your hobbies outside work.
the real question should be can european nations survive EU politics
čekić [tschekitch]
On what rights can Tunisian, Algerian, Afghan, Iranian, Morroccan, Pakistani etc nationals request asylum?
There's pretty strong consensus among historians, especially credible ones, that Jesus was definitely a historic figure
And yeah, the English are well known as among, if not the worst tourists in Croatia
Now I feel mean :(
There are allmost no whites in east london though, majority there are muslim immigrants.
quite possible, since there is a lot of ex-yu people in Sweden :)
You can't expect everything to be peachy after such a short time as 20ish years, and I think it's a bit condescending when people go in with an attitude "Oh why can't they just get along, they're so uncivilized"
Basque language sounds like a Spaniard speaking an encrypted version of spanish
It appears that Balkan powder keg is once again being ignited by various powers.
Probably it is, but it also depends on the perspective.
"The sated man does not believe the starving one" Denying the severity of the troubles of those less fortunate than us
Austria has always gone an extra mile to be inclusive
Good luck
Better to ask a person from the coast than me a continental
We had 5 years of war, so we will be fine, but fuck my luck
I felt it in Varaždin
I'm from continental Croatia
People dont eat that much bread in istria, especially the younger generations
Both but i write in cursive
Nah my bitchiness is really delightful once you get to know me better
As a fellow Slavonian I can confirm that I have never ever heard that phrase
Should have stayed with our Czech brothers and sisters =(
It's more generalization of "Balkan blob" and stereotypes that come with that
Basically most people are apathetic and won't bother doing anything about a politician they don't like
The Marshall plan would never have been implemented and Europe would experience a massive economic depression and would likely never recover
Looks familiar to the one I've been at in Bologna
sranje is meh
You have to be a member of a party, do what you are told the whole year, he is making a list, checking it twice, and then you get lucrative contracts so you can buy yourself whatever you want
Čudesna raskoš njenih grana
It is a miracle that all Croats now are united in one country(Herzegovina exception) together under one flag
You're being arogant
Personally if Northern Ireland turned around and wanted to rejoin Ireland I would 100% support it.
E.g. You and me are talking right now and a Spanish speaking person replies to us entirely in Spanish with that being their idea of joining in on our (very much not Spanish) conversation
Not directly, but it is more or less accepted as a truth that bosnia and herzegovina is a keg of gunpowder once again
In EU, there are only regional banks in few neighboring countries
No, it wasn’t. It wasn’t free, wasn’t recognized, and didn’t even encompass whole Cro as they sold Dalmatia off
Literally the country bumpkin stereotype of "Haha crude stuff funny"
Let's not
We say "at" (but pronounce it like et) and "monkey" (manki)
It sais right there on the link you said.
For example hearing someone say "How's the water
I use mountine bike to go to the gym and everywhere else i go
Ukrainian and Estonian is a race
To compare them to China is an insult.
You would think that on /r/europe of all places being anti-nazi would be an uncontroversial opinion.
poland doesn't surprise me actually, given how you guys have been doing lately
Ko da ne vide /s logično da je kosovo kosovo
And here's where the divide between East and West really shows.
Certainly not a rule, but if a surname ends in any of those there is a high chance there it’s from those countries
Before coronavirus struck my group had 3 D&D games ongoing
Because there are no porcupines in Croatia
Plum ones are the best, apricot is for jam
Seeing that hospital, hearing about people dying, hearing about how 3 kids were born in that hospital during that time
-1 pas, 2 psa, 3 psa, 4 psa, 5 p**a**sa, etc
I read it somewhere ,but not being sure I wrote
If we make a decentralized news agregator service, we can have it all: our snippets, and no Google
I even like this song: [Paris is burning] Oh, and she's great
[Yes] out of more than a 1000 islands, they chose that one.
I don't know if it's generally pleasing melodies, meaningful and catchy lyrics, or just hearing a beautiful harmony of a klapa, but I did a complete 180 on that subject
They're trying to preserve the public order
Transnistria is occupied Moldovan territory, a Crimea long before Crimea happened.
Oh yeah, comparing a F22 a 21st century jet to a 1960s jet)))
sorry, but who the hell are Marine A and his wife
Wow, didn't know this was a thing outside the Balkans
I mean yes it is important, but come on.
Well this is what happens after you try to manipulate the judges.
^/s
I'm sorry and happy cake day
Considering how active those people are, I'm surprised we don't have any big ones here
Whoever touches our border
Haven't played in quite a long time.
Ti se javljaš, komunjaro
Pretty much no
Like, really silly, what did she expect
You know that there were Croatian partisans?
Do you even read what people are telling you
true there is correlation between having a large muslim community and terrorist attacks
I am speaking in past tense because not sure if that can be applied to Hungary now with Orbans administration
I still don't get why do you chuckle at this conception
Cras hendrerit viverra egestas
Those who manage to find employment more often than not have shitty wages: our average is 700-800 €, but many people work for half of that even with 60+hours weekly, public sector is a bit better.
[Andrijica Šimić] fought against ottomans
People made up their minds and were just looking to have their opinions confirmed.
Other than that you could expect other "scoutly" activities, so camping, learning to tie knots, spending time in the country side etc
So why didn’t they
Stay up until 5am browsing reddit and 4chan and letting all the self hatred slowly hit me.
It takes me 20 minutes but then again i drive in the opposite direction of the biggest traffic jams
We have many mulatto czechs (usually african father/white mother)
Worst timing ever really, we just changed our tires to summer ones and then woke up next morning with a snow storm
Everyone knows this
A very smart move welcomed by citizens
My father wanted to move the kitchen to another spot but it simply couldn't be done because of the piping.
Wait a second
also "odakle" - where in the context of starting location or direction (Where are you from
I don't know about Macedonia but Serbia has to recognize Kosovo to become a member as far as I know.
And didn’t feel it maybe I am strong sleeper I only woke up because my sister screamed
Dude, theres like 3 muslims in Croatia
u/vredditdownloader
But if you're looking for a serious answer probably French or German or Spanish
Nit su snijezi, nit su labudovi
I guess [Nikola Šubić Zrinski: U boj, u boj!]
No we are not Eastern Europe and we weren't a part of USSR.
I hear something like ''Me amica me fesf..
Yes, you are responsible for the Terminator
I dont know, it doesnt bother me tbh, there can be a bunch of reasons why someone would want a citizenship like political prosecution or war, in cases like that i wouldnt mind if they cant speak the language yet, they'll learn it
I didn't think of your plates at all :(
I would never have thought it would be that good
Not really a building, but the walls of Dubrovnik are very famous, combined with Dubrovnik as a whole
Everyone listens to the same music, wears the same clothes, basically speaks the same language
That's interesting, is your family from some island?
yeah, they were too funny together...
Croatian music may be old-fashioned
How do you know that that is what is happening?
If you go past the Trpimirović's, you get some more names
Zlato, sunce, bubu, ljubavi
The hell are you on about
How fucked the grammar is
The meaning is changed, but the root mięć is from praslav.
Unfortunately that potato will be immediately forwarded to Aboriginal land repurchase fund.
Here it is if you wanna read it
For smaller ones there are dozens of candidazes
No, no, give me your address so i can come and visit you the next weekend
Historically
Well, we were in the same country until recently, so I guess we know more about each other than, for example, about Italy or France.
If you are giving your adress you either say at or monkey
Look for your local brands if you can't find the German version of the brand you're looking for (LinoLada is far superior to Croatian Nutella for example).
I found it funny when my native speaking Slovak teacher who was learning Croatian didn't know how NOT to devoice the final consonant
That's not how you capture a city.
Croatia too
Now we need for Twitter to do the same
I suggest they pay a fine with the money going to the victim if he wants it.
They didn't need to try more than once with Lincoln.
&#x200B;
There is very little evidence of that actually happening.
Far oveer, the Misty Mountains cooold...
Croatia-Hrvatska
ova stolica (this chair)-feminine
I hope you find someone who isn't that dense hahaha
Well, Yugoslavia did lose regardless, and that is what matters.
Thats a great way of getting people to do 260 km/h and then cooling their car off on a gas stop
It is different than anything else and memorable.
Svaka čast, iako low effort
To us, we use the word water only to refer to water that you drink and shower in
Wow, that's interesting
No, he is a German, with a German mother, born in Germany.
Yes, yes I live there, we experienced some scientific heating for mosquitoes to get them dead
Large ones
sore losers
How are the Stalin monuments btw?
I said that it is easy for the "winning" side to say such things.
They or they parents were in the war
You follow a mere prophet and not the One God, Caliph is the only true hand of Allah on the Earth, and shall punish you with eternal flame in this world and the next for supporting this heathen reconquista!
Someone correct me if I am wrong
I'm gonna be a bit different here
If the HRE border was drawn a little bit more to the east, we would just be Styrians
Sure, but I'm saying that European bias is to be expected
Germany, Poland or Ireland
I live in croatia, one of the smallest european countries and 30 minute up to 1 hour drive to work is pretty normal
I am from croatia and we always joke about their harsh and stern police and high ticket fines.
In Croatian we say “Ptičica
After I watched the movie I googled it
In Croatia during the height of the pandemic you couldn’t even travel between cities without a permit
And they also play outside without parents watching over them
I just did my shopping in Zlin Centro this Sunday.
Ayy thanks mate
Whether they enforce that right is up to individual and collective consciousness of country.
Well iPhone is much more expensive here, and it's just a phone
I know because I normally used SV couple of years ago for a very small city/town Salzgitter
But its just called "tost" (toast)
Is a Burek with cheese or with meat
Karlovac is smaller and more centrally located in terms of geography
can't bother at this point with thrm honestly
So he just walked in, not waiting for anyone to answer
We don't use it in a dying scenario, but in my area people often say "zagristi govno" (to bite the shit) when we have to swallow our pride and do something we are not proud of
Because governing at a level that's good enough just to keep things from going to hell is already incredibly hard.
you get used to them but i still kill them when i see them
Slavic is just a linguistic term, it doesnt imply geography or culture (to some extent, but not exactly)
Well, actually, there are names that can be written with or without a j, but the pronunciation doesn't change, such as Antonia/Antonija, Mario/Marijo, Dario/Darijo, etc
North-East Munich, Germany
Same language, pretty much the same culture (there are differences, but they're more on a regional level, rather than on a national one), a lot of shared history
one of sucky days
Družba Pere Kvržice or Vlak u snijegu
"And now are so equal we carry our feminists around everywhere.
Slovenia is not exporting power to Croatia, it's Croatia's power all along because Croatia owns half of the plant, half of the staff is Croatian, Croatia will need to take care of half of the waste etc.
Prince Charles looks like a joke
I myself am still a part of the Catholic Scouts and was since 2013, and it was indeed a pleasure, even though we seem to grow much more inactive as time goes by
I did not say that Bosnia did not exist before Otomans
Well I have a really generic answer - Zagreb
Same in Croatia
I agree
Source for Zagreb
Mining in Croatia doesn't exist, unless you also count oil and gas exploitation.
Its two principal ethnic communities remain deeply divided and it has not regained its former prosperity
They are usually the first to say they are american and nothing else.
Together we managed to pull something out of otherwise impossible situation (I am reffering to both yugoslav initiatives at their eary days, when the world was bearing down on us, but also to their refugees, who settled Ottoman borderlands and fought to halt their advance)
SES S.A. (Astra) - one of the world's biggest telecommunication satellite operator, headquartered in Betzdorf
And why learn these languages if we can understand them?
Ouch
I was there in 2019 and the neighbourhood was still being built but it looked pretty good and fancy
And would you consider something alive if it can't survive outside the body at all earlier than 21 weeks post-conception?
There is a good reason why my language was among the top 3 hardest to learn in some recent study.
[But does your box still has wet?]
Istrian "seperatism" is just a joke
You can want things to be better all you like.
Tank: "I am a serious foliage"
Sometimes 'ej' as in 'hey' too.
Praesent ultricies pretium quam in viverra
Everything being written in Cyrillic in rural central Croatia (Kordun)
But, there's probably been a lot of corruption involved and many lawsuits are upcoming
The rest is either [Stoka] or good old [Herzegovian Ganga] cuz so many people came from there to Zagreb
There is a fine line between wishing your people to live on and going nuclear on personal freedoms.
I had a friend who travelled around 2 hours just in one direction to school
It's not just simple passivity though, HSS just turned its coat and gave its massive party apparatus over to the Ustaše, together with the bureaucracy of the Croatian Banovina
There's a lot of Czech people trying to sail between islands on air mattresses and dying every year.
Pick Croatia and learn this by heart:
So you are 100% right
Everyone always talks how much they loved it and how cool and *quirky* it is
There is often this discussion about racism and if is only for races and even if there races at all.
Debt to IMF
I'm sure people would have been saying the same today had the Cuban Missile Crisis turned the Cold War into WWIII
Depends on part of country
EU and Russia are natural and complement economic entities, not to mention geographically.
Truth is just the opposite
The 4th largest city in Croatia, Osijek
Azithromycin
It's essential in my household
Guys use this kind of talk everyday
The young people don't really care nor some of the elderly people example are concerts, Croatians love Serbian bands and vice versa so you can see Croats, Bosnians and Serbs enjoying music together on concerts
When i think about it i believe czech and slovak would work too because when i was a kid growing up in a popular tourist place i met a lot of czech people (we were chasing girls a lot back in the days) and we could communicate with each other without using english
It's down to choices
We say "u tri pičke materine" meaning :"in three mothers pussies"
There are villages with 100 000 people in some countries.
seljačina/seljober - augmentative of a villager (seljak), but with negative connotations
Some weirder threes are Krk or Srđ
I would call the "low tech" mostly because the busses get stuck in traffic jams quite often.
Pretty OK
Slovene a little bit less but people from northern regions understand them much better
Dobra stara regija Banija,nedaleko od Siska
~~ I believe that marriage should be the partnership of a man and a woman because such couples are capable of bearing children
I mean, you could be mistaken for the Japanese or the Chinese, but if you are thinking of violence, then no.
It depends, regionally, where I live (Dalmatia, Croatia) people (men) drink wine after lunch
I don't know how much an impact news about terrorist threat from Bosnia have outside The Region, but judging by the number of comments and votes that any such news gets I would say no one cares.
Hundreds of occupiers since the end of our kingdom in 1102, catholic church in the balkans and our general shape is weird and hard to manage with flat lands in the east, mountains in the middle and coastline in the west on such a weird and small Territory with diffrent style Croats all around it makes our country special
Today there is a commercial center Lidl with 15 employees - on the same spot
Pronunciation is "close enough" [here.]
While every group everywhere wants to think of them selves as unique an special, there are maybe a handful of district cultures currently on the planet
Austrians are nothing, if not pragmatic
I've heard a few people say "idem gdje se i najhrabriji useru". Translated: I'm going where even the bravest shit themselves
In Croatia, at least where I live, it is seen as showing of
It's down to choices
Macron :
I was reading that there was some study that proves how finns from all over the country are more geneticly distants than let say german and russian
The work mentality, stupid management, bad system and toxic colleagues all pushed me away
That was uncalled for
Then trade shifted away from the Med and suddenly everyone's a lazy bum
We usually have a little (forced) chat with them
Cardo, Decumanus and adjacent roads
Well you're forced to write in cursive until you graduate so it makes sense that most people here keep writing in cursive
We also own a little island some kilometers of the coast of Šibenik where we spend 2 weeks every summer, which i prefer over going to the coastline with my family
Only con I can see is it's distance to the border with Serbia
A true gentleman and a scholar!
Where were they before 8th century?
Serbia: Visiting hometown where my family resided for 200 years before being kicked out, met some nice people there
Croatia was not free during Nazi rule nor do we recognize that abomination
you really want to mimic germany!?
Almost all elvish in modern fantasy is inspired or outright stolen from welsh and Irish
The imperial court was also the most benevolent of foreign rulers we had, so thanks for that too
This is how I view the situation, coming from a fairly liberal family and school, but someone older than me might disagree
Lol, so you're calling cabbage "zelje" as well
This is unacceptable and can't be justified.
If you put someone from coastal region next to the person from northern Croatia, they would have hard time understanding each other
When they moved to the Balkans they where Turkic tribes, not Slavic.
Also, she sounds English
Hoping that other countries will follow in your footsteps
Everything is homogenous
Because that sounds retarded, its institutional racism, and having similar laws based on sexuality is just as dumb.
If I had to guess I'd say some with good sense of orientation when they managed to find their way there
Biggest neandertal findings are in a place called Krapina
I love the name Jezebel, but, ya know,
It's assumed that minorities/immigrants will integrate in the society they arrived in, right?
(the supermarket was called Robot)
č/ć are easy if you are not an idiot
Divno, hvala
Setagaya the most densest Tokyo ward is only 14,728 for comparison
Split because it's Florida
I'm not talking about this specific comment, but several earlier comments directed to myself.
The fact you can't know what some word sounds like from how it's written is awful
Yeah, maybe
What bezirk is that
4 day work week would likely have no impact
That's mostly what I was trying to say
I'm just relieved this isn't true
It also has the first Croatian beer dating from the mid 17th century
So, I'm a communist
But the thing is everyone had something back then and now a lot of people dont have anything while few have too much
As i said, that's one of the main reasons i'm staying here and now, since we're in the EU more and more people are coming from abroad which i really like
Same goes for burek
I would say that Italian is even easier than Spanish to pronounce because of the simple fact that it lacks the "th" sound like in "cerveza".
Closing cafes
Please google it, because I sincerely hope Holandija isn't the official standard name
The type of meal is called "gablec". Usually costs 25-35 kuna (3-5€) and it's something you can eat fast and get back to work with a full stomach
So wrong for Croatia where did they get their info :D
Morbi in ultricies augue, eu tristique magna
Also goulash
Some people will chat you up every time they see you, it's also not uncommon for neighbors to befriend each other and hang out in front of the building almost every day, sometimes they eat and drink too (though that's mostly men, women will sometimes join in or just invite each other over for coffee)
Idk really our flag is pretty neat already tho I would change its proportions to be much longer like the one in Knin(   ) so we have the longest flag and it would be cool anyway
I personally am not a huge fan of the Dalmatian accent.
[Prljavo Kazalište - Kiše jesenje]
*Correction*: Fountain pens with **solid ink**. Not **the** fountain pens
I personally really enjoy them and my favourite Cevapi place is Hrga grill
kurac - dick
Morbi lectus dolor, luctus vel turpis ut, fringilla mollis elit
You wouldn’t see that many Croats congratulating if it was Russia or Serbia
WWI is only seemingly inevitable with hindsight
Pronounciation-Very hard
My country joined EU, which means migrating to other EU countries - should I choose to do so - is way easier and requires far less paperwork compared to USA, making them more attractive
[Those are synonyms.] The difference is that lako can also mean light, as in not heavy, whereas jednostavno can't.
Australian*
The example is the so called bosnian language where they use **everything**. They accept all the rules from both serbian and croatian
I am in the area, and I have melted, and I am currently dead
Pack your shit up guys, we have a winner
It is pretty comparable to kajkavski.
When you cannot pay a government enforced fine, you usually end up serving time in jail.
Russian, English, French, Italian, Portuguese, Hungarian, Turkish, Spanish and Serbian/Croatian/Bosnian/Montenegrin
Russia supported the unification of Germany, ironically enough France and the UK were the most opposed
I have a few Croatian friends
But just try to picture how much of a mess he can cause on a global scale, and this insane, greedy behavior is what we all fear
Constantine VII wrote in his De Administrando Imperio that we came to today’s Croatia around 626
I went to Ljubljana for New Years, just 2 hour ride from Zg, I had a great time.
Except this is real life
Dont know who but some presidents took oath on constitution instead of bible.
Well done
Evidence is what it's called everywhere else.
We become best friends the moment we leave the Balkans
I would say union with Hungary started it all in 1102
[If my grandmother had wheels she would be a bike]
[They don't speak at all, so anyone can watch it
Glad you liked Umag I went there too and it was a fun time
In 2013
Yeah I know
Regulations, too many regulations about food and drink
Well, most
I don't think anything bad can happen to you on those guided tours, I assume the danger is in flying from Beijing to Pyongyang in a 50-year-old Air Koryo plane.
I was so hungry after a week in Paris so when I landed in Treviso, first ordered pizza then in Venezia ordered cuttlefish spaghetti
Donald Trump and Ted Cruz are perfect examples of how I perceive republicans, and they are the ones with the most delegates atm.
1m people
The tripe thing I can agree on
I just mentioned these two as a most famous example
We don't know what it is, consequently we can't make it.
000 personnel arriving from Danube with tanks, armored support, helicopters, artillery rockets, heavily armed soldiers, and a huge amount of support
I said Nedic braged about Belgrade being jude frei.
Wish we in Croatia managed to group up over these things
Black people attacking and robbing a white man for voting trump!
"It even works with a coat of arms
Can't really take it seriously.
Thanks for the recommendation, I‘ll make sure to check it out
I don't think you'll see it after 4 or 5 in afternoon
Time to vote Monarchist
My friend frrom minecraft is also Polish and lives in the UK
I would also add our judiciary on the list (it's not so much corrupt as it is apsolutely incompetent, with even simplest proceedings lasting for years).
Now, instead of buying, we would put 2 stickers on the floor, one next to each other (face-up) and try to turn them face-down with our hands, but no grabbing, obviously, only using the vacuum your hands can make to lift them up
[Actually, Slovenians have a bigger drop (603)]
It'd be more accurate to compare the greater Paris which is 814km2 and has 7
The mods would not tolerate a thread like this.
It's officially recognized as [Croatian national dish] as well
If person a wants to kill to cause panic unrest fear etc.
You keep forgetting that Romans, that is Latins and Umbrians and Etruscans and other Italic nations of antiquity weren't the first people of Italy, they also migrated into Italy.
Yeah, about that
Before and after they are separate languages.
If Germany or France has a problem, the EU has a problem
Digging in the backyard not likely, but there are roman ruins in the cifies and countryside, there are medieval castles about and many churches are also quite old
While every group everywhere wants to think of them selves as unique an special, there are maybe a handful of district cultures currently on the planet
My father was in prison for questioning the communist party during his army-service.
"Do you guys canoe everywhere like in Italy
Christmas Markets are everywhere now.
I mean "whom" has a proper function, its not interchangeable with "who"
The two nations had their own reasons to split their languages and you can't and will not accomplish anything by arguing on reddit.
Which translates to Croatian as (Grad i**za breg**/a)
And I was like "Yolo, that's how we roll here."
XD It's often used as an insult too, when you want to point out that someone is a hick from a rural area, you'd say he came from some Vukojebina
Quite a unique dark color of buildings you have there.
Sadly, these things will continue to happen in France, it is inevitable.
or borders the country that borders us
Unlike every other nation or people, ours will stand the test of time, because we're just that good
An alcoholic starlet who makes money only off of her beauty.
If and when you manage to climb down from your high horse, I will be more than happy to rectify and fill some of the more obvious gaps in your knowledge
KRAUT
also, turtle/tortoise
well the same people who vote for Orbán, or Janša. I'm glad to say I don't have those types in my family or among friends
We sometimes use diamond instead of rock because it goes better with paper and scissors though maybe that is just me and my town I know other places just use rock
He isn't giving up without a fight
Originally a 13th century fortress, it's located in the town of Ozalj (oh-zahly) in central Croatia, on a cliff above the river Kupa (pronounced Koopa).
Since you have looked into them, could you just list good things about this proposal
It's popular, but I think pelinkovac takes the prize in Croatia
Croatia, Slavonia and Baranja
Lets say some $800
For instance, [she] is from the northern part of Croatia, but I bet that a lot of other nations with lighter skin tones and light hair colors would be able to say that she "belongs" to them
nice windows is much better and more intuitive to use, I have linux as well but it just doesnt feel right I use it maybe 10%
* WW2 occupation
Also, raj = paradise
That being said, on a more basic level, the word "gypsy" is going to mean something completely else in Ireland than it would in Bulgaria, and Balkan people use the word "Asian" very differently to the British for example
It's okay, you dont have to be so butthurt :^)
I've heard it from other people, it's a conversation starter: ''Did you know it's only called French but it's actually Macedonian?''
Then tell me, why do they do it?
Yes, when other countries start migrating to Mars we might reach the development index Switzerland had in 2019 haha
I've seen plenty negative ones though.
You are obsessed with the US
there is no John Wayne of Europe
They are on the edge of being a failed state (although they've been there for years now), and I think once they break its going to be pure chaos in the region (again)
thats how war was back then
Rijeka is not far behind though
[Overpoleing] with traffic poles
Probably "U boj, boj":
Nullam id vulputate est, sit amet tempus odio
As far as I know rents in NYC aren't exactly cheap.
Virgin wildfires vs Chad nuclear meltdowns
Is it wrong to use "hallo" in Austria
i think the post was more about tourists that come to russia or people learning russian that try their best to speak russian and make a lot of mistakes not the people who can only say "нет сука, да водка" or some shit
This is progress, btw
Or "Tunguzija" - Where the tungusic people live (Siberia)
This is how Dubrovnik was united with Croatia
The most that happens with that is mutual whining to whomever will listen, and jokes about them being tiny <3
I'm from Zagreb on the good side of river Sava.
Fucking ottomans
By design, not by chance
We joke about ridiculously clumsy Czech tourists, Slovenian small country, Bosnian stupidity(stereotypically) and Montenegrin laziness.
Never didn't think that will this be so fun, but and difficult
Maybe 1-3%. Can be more or less depending on the beach
Used to be a lot more significant in the past, but now is not doing so well, much like the rest of the region
It's sad, but I think he will finally get voted out in the next election
Lepinja in oil mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
Same here in Varaždin
"Literally not much would change
One such example is "mucho" in Spanish and "much" in English, which derive from two completely different PIE sources
Serbia: you have pretty awesome food, and really nice architecture in the north
Oh wow am in third place NICE
I lived 18 years in Vienna and saw many.
Hyperloop has been debunked as utterly unrealistic by so many already, it boggles the mind that people are still pushing it.
It’s in per 1M people
Fucker
All of them are equally bad
Thats a tehnical distinction it isnt a phonemic one nobody thinks of the n in banka and nikola as diffrent sounds except linguists
Rijeka:
Well
Why is Serbia in bad relations with all neighbouring countries?
Well, them, also Moldova, Georgia and Armenia, plus Luxembourg(!!).
Neki tvrde da se to ne može, ja vam tvrdim da se to može!
Pronounciation-Very hard
Then they label you as a Stalinist communist
What town or region are you from
000
Even today, 50 years later, being an atheist isn’t really a big deal
” (Good day, who are you
I kept expecting it to make a sound like a birdie.
He was staunchly opposed to any sort of foreign military intervention, as he was focused on plans to build up strength at home
Like [THIS] having both the colours AND the chequy
You can't have a civilised conversation
Only heard of him because of the Peaky Blinders
Yeah, again, Europe is way too diverse, and right now the EU has the commission at its helm, who is a bureaucrat body that nobody elected and that answers to nobody, they can do things like mass import muslims who hate us and want to destroy us and there's nothing we can do except ignore them and work our way around it.
That is the saddest part
Dalmatian Christmas tree looks exactly the same.
Damn, I knew the Japanese didn't like foreigners, but I really didn't think it'd be that bad
The first song that comes to my mind however is [Kletva Kralja Zvonimira] (King Zvonimir's curse) from Marko Perković Thompson
We ARE agains the corruption it's just that we dont wanna do anything about it
people who aren't anti-immigrant are driven away
>my Samsung S9+
For example - why are salaries taxed so heavily compared to, well, everything else
I think they left and we can actually work on these measures.
It all escalated gradually to the breaking point when Milosevic tried to force the Belgrade-centralized system.
Because of him there've been a ton of useless projects conducted (mostly the obscene amount of bollards and fountains, as well as some more ridiculous stuff) across the city
Tiny parts of it were Italian for meaningless amounts of time (the major towns were mostly Roman tho,so the architecture is the same).
It woke me up
- where are you from
It is old dating from the 16th century with the old wall looking at the river
I usually tell that type of people "Let's switch jobs for a couple of weeks/months then, see how that works out
Well if you know Cyrillic I recommend Cyrillic because more slavs use Cyrillic but Serbian Cyrillic has the same sounds as Croatian Latin so for serbo-croatian it is the same but in Serbia and Bosnia they use both while in Croatia only the Latin
Belgium didn't colonize the Congo Free State for fuck sake though
We don't use diacritical marks for length, just for intensity.
wtf is your problem
You will into space one day
Dude, my government is giving importance to everything that can maybe shift the focus from the actual problems
don't give me hope /s
The only people I’ve seen do that are small kids
What setbacks do you believe same-sex parenting could run into that isn't related to societal homophobia?
Serbian subreddit looks better now.
" but the 'li' is often dropped in conversation
They can't forget since they are not dead.
Sure, komunjare i ustase, nemi se priznat jedna stvar drugoj strani.
I found [these statues] quite interesting as well.
There are a few abandoned hotels and houses that are kinda scary
Marriage is not between people of the same sex
Wear it around the house, your neighborhood, walking the dog, jogging, stuff like that.
The sea and coast are magic
In from Bosnia (cobanski) raised in Austria (Ijekavski) and know in Zadar (dalmatinski).
So Turkish security services are full of suicidal islamists?
- Stjepan Radić (fighter for equality of Croats in the Kingdom of Yugoslavia)
now don't know what to do with them anymore, so we considerselling them.
aww <3
Like most surnames, I assume no one thinks that a Smith has an actual blacksmith in his family haha
Yugoslav companies worked in may non-aligned countries of Africa and Asia earning hard currency and thus making that type of socialism possible
Bosnia&Herzegovina: food and their sense of humor; probably the nicest people on the Earth are Bosniaks
But, this sound as if write someone who is had brain stroke
I always thought that these stupid comments would stop after the election.
If said by another ethnicity, the trigger can just as well be that you are a Croat
Sorry, if I remember correctly from one of earlier similar threads, Slough takes the cake
Oh, I get what you're saying, at least we lose the theoretical breathing room.
Other than that, we have great really old architecture, but almost nothing modern
We had a [prime minister] who was born in Nazi labour camp in Germany
Yes, if she brought some cavalry with her to Stockholm she can activate the Krabater!
Here is EVS organisation database: .
But not if im home
And better hope nobody calls the phone and your mom answering because your connection goes down immediately
East asians are for some reason fascinated with us
No, its misleading because they arent sausages.
We can make one tiny cup last for hours and hours
Fuck that it’s expensive as shit in Canada
We learn more about the Habsburg Monarchy than we do about Hungary, but we definitely learn more about Hungary then we do about Austria
Ukrainian missile tests can go wrong.
There is also the story (quite possibly the truth), how people called the town as "the town behind the hill" (Due to Zagreb being behind/next to the hill/mountain Medvednica)
Although you can easily include Styria too in Balkans if you consider Međimurje part of it.
to be fair hungarian is also hard.
From tibet you can control waterflow of 7 big rivers
It's a fairly common term here, there is even a famous Serbian band named [Partibrejkers]
EDIT 3 :: doctors are trying to save the life of 15 year old that was reported dead, let's hope they succeed
He is wearing a cassock
Serbian and Croatian aren't the same languages....
Any way you prefer, be it traditional coutry music, turbofolk, (yugo-)rock, rap or other contemporary genres, it's emotional, but direct, right on target
Zagreb is not that flat, so gear shifter and suspension are a must, and a lot of people also like going somewhere with their bikes on the weekends, like climb a mountain or go along the river on a gravel or dirt paths
I'm sorry dude, but you don't think its worth getting worked up over it, right
> Had the nation remained intact, it would likely be one of the leading powers of Europe today to the benefit of all its peoples
i would love to rad that story, in english if possible
To be clear, while those claiming Hilary had a 98% shoot of winning were wildly over optimistic, it still means that there was a 1 in 50 chance of her losing, even under their scenario.
Haha
European history visualized, battle of Guadalete
During the Great Depression people literally starved to death, saw their children starve to death, while living in the richest country in the world.
Fuck Nazis and Fuck Stalin
I love their gun policy, cities and mountains
Apple loses refurbished iPhone lawsuit in Denmark.
There is one other word that I personally mix that I can't remember right now, damn it
France: Anti-Christian Attacks Rise 245 Percent attacks
I still think that spanish and french are too loud tho and i guess i wanna escape that "southern mentality" as well
Depending on the period and location.
I always felt Slavic+Mediterranean in my soul, for example I can't imagine myself being a Dutch girl
Duis ornare molestie tortor sit amet egestas
Nice try mom, I'll NEVER eat my greens!
Until you see the statics for how many little girls get married off to whoever can pay the most in most Muslim majority countries or how many boys get raped in places like Afghanistan/Pakistan
The confusing thing is that most of them left because things were economically shit, so I can’t really understand that comical level of romanticism
He is an evil reptile of a man who messed with the currencies of other countries to make his wealth.
And if that is *the* setback, I'd say it's a bit of a circular argument.
Wait, since when are we so accepting the LGBT community?
Thank you for the info
Its not even close to the same, try and find any living person who was there and on top of that
I did not express myself precisely though, so I'll give you that
And it's a picture of Zagreb
I haven't heard of it at all
but not indefinitely, at least in theory.
Altho, there were talks for years about them giving that land to the town so we could actually do something useful with all of that
But you guys didn't have Tudman and Sanader
Asian is usually reserved for East-Asian people.
There is too many different systems and R&D costs are astronomical .....
I thought the gendered division is exclusively an Anglo thing
I love Prague
Same
Hungary was more prominent during the late medieval era, with all the Hungarian, German and French kings and dynasties and stuff, but Austria actually had more prominence after the Habsburg monarchy (16th century), around the time the Ottomans turned up (not to mention that we generally always kind of favored Austria over Hungary)
Also I think the shield should look more like a shield and less like a pineapple
It helps when you don't set their cars on fire all the time
So if you want to be completely unrestricted in what weapons you have and what violence you inflict even in your own property, you should arguably remove yourself from civilized society.
And even with 700 000 people less than 30 years ago Croatia still has 145 000 of unemployed people which is going to get a lot worse this year because tourism forms around  40% of our economy
Damn cool history it is
Yes, that is exactly what you have and will have worse in the future.
But when you ask about today's Germans, we have stereotypes like for every other people
They seem similar to the ones in the balkans
Everyone else is at Mig 21 level
I'm not traumatized I have no mental health issues and I'm not going to beat my own children because of it ...
Aj vil vajp ju d fak aut vit presižn d lajks of vič hez nevr bin sin bifor on dis ert mark maj fakin vords
That's exactly why it's meaningless.
"List" means leaf, piece of paper, a newspaper, a calf, a type of fish and the calf on your leg
That sad, I heard stories of truck drivers that used to drive as far as Kazakhstan, maybe they are included because those countries road safety affects citizens of "more" European countries.
Why is this funny
The candidate that won the vote lost the election.
Especially in the morning when only old people watch tv
lol, my source is projection by the World Bank.
Iž is (i think) the only two letter
Croatian per se is meh, but if you include everything in Serbo-Croatian (as one should), then it's great
In Croatian "trg" = "square" and "market place" is quite similar too: "tržnica".
> Bow down
Probably the Slavonia region, people left the area during the war, most of them never came back
Really ?
As opposed to ironically dying of heatstroke
Taken from Wikipedia on Homosexuality penalties in Saudi Arabia:
That's mostly what I was trying to say
However, no attempts were made to free them, even though the locksmith who accompanied the police, René Michaux, said that he heard screams of children coming from inside the house
Does anyone else find it triggering when Americans present central Europe as eastern Europe?
Yes, but you don't learn just about Catholicism but about other religions in the world as well, and you discuss stuff
"I konj bi nogu slomio"
So, quite different, actually
Fun fact: all these ancestors' places of birth fit in a circle with 30km radius.
Well, I hope we get Grippens because they’re the most suitable for our defence system for they need much shorter track to take off, meaning they can be hidden more easily
Not even expensive parking lots and apartments can stop people from coming
In Croatia every other day parliament votes about immunity.
Croatia too
Doesn't even need to be especially high speed
Yeah you're right, what I've said is not a good response
I still don't get why do you chuckle at this conception
aww <3
Didn't know you use points
" "Drop the fake American accent you commie bitch" "are you here as a mail order bride or something
If anybody else has a problem, you can go solve your own damn problem
Those stairs look like a mighty location for a fancy sword fight.
Sure it has nice sights,but you literally cannot approach the majority to even see them because of the amount of people
Not imported steel **imported techiques** .
Yeah, but Croats mostly [push the idea of 'Central Europe']#Polo.C5.BEaj).
You should not have polled favorite mods.
The political parties have been successfully infiltrating their people everywhere , that with time have become corrupt and now they all want to maintain that status quo (because they live a decent life out of public money and what they get under the table to actually do their jobs)
*  - went offline but good footage
Croatia, Slavonia and Baranja
[Modern estimate of size] the western Danish coast would be further to the east at the time of the flood).
Meteor, Corona and now earthquake
Heard my someone screaming my name and I didn't move until it was done
They're like dessert paradises, full of oriental delights, half of the supermarket is just cakes.
As a Croatian I envy you so much about this
I'm sort of on a carolus rex high and I've always been interested in the eastern blocc
>and isn’t really offensive
I don't understand Kaykavian at all.
Getting fluent with the language will definitively help you with that
and even if you do learn it pretty good, chances are you won't understand what I'm even saying
A terrorist tried to destroy a police station by driving a car with a bomb into the wall.
Older people often get sick and die after losing a grandson/grandaughter
During Oluja, Croats went after Serbs trough parts of Bosnia, especially when we went after their artillery that was bombing Croatia from Bosnian border.
It will be a puppet in this case.
Life is pretty good, except for the obvious problems like people, government and shit like that
The interent in my room barely breaks 1mb/s and youre getting almost a gigabyte per second
For real
Palatschinken - palačinke
There is this island of Hvar in Croatia which is always occupied by mega yachts, but it's not better or worse than other, less popular Croatian islands.
I don't know about others/the world, but over here
Definitely
what is counted as administration.
We should all wear indistinguishable white t-shirts.
I know, but I couldn't find another source haha
However, they completely assimilated a long time ago, so those who were of that origin wouldn't have been aware of it.
Generally we have standard french deck, italian [triestine] decks are popular in the coast while so called [hungarian] is used in the inland
This just gave me an idea of an action-adventure game about an immortal European who fights with the Romans, the Franks, the Vikings, in the 30 Years war, WWI and WWII etc
Well pretty much all of eastern Croatia(Slavonia) has amaizing food, culture and overall awesome people who apsolutely appreciate tourists because they don't come much
Link please
Had to steal Prekmurje from Slovenia though, sorry Slovenia
If you didn't beat us in Football in '98 and 2018 we would probably be really hard Francophiles
Because the state reported them as such?
There are often tunnels and remains of older buildings and foundations
but every now and again you'll find someone who uses the name for themselves with pride
The trickster
I would be perfectly fine with that
Being poor and complaining rather than trying to change anything
Its a awsome cartoon it was translated in croatian
Other stuff is Italian on the west side in Istria as the first second and that is about it
Honestly, the entire health system
It might seem stupid, slavic countries all around
Yes, but being raped and then murdered is sort of extra harsh way.
Also, not sure what kind of history you are talking about, those areas under Venice or occupied by the fascists in WW2?
And the ones from 2 years ago, it's not uncommon to see someone with an UK flag acting like, well, a part of the EU.
Coincidentally the bigger cities.
But on the other hand, it may save your life
Though, we needed to have slippers or any other form of footwear to wear during the day at achool and would leave our shoes in a shoe rack and hang our coats above them
Dobre ceste, odličan glavni grad
Those were thoughts of a highly educated/moderate muslims working for western company
How does RT differ from lets say CNN?
Well eastern Slavonia around Vukovar and Vukovar itself is a breathing ground for nationalists but other parts of Slavonia are mostly ok except maybe a few places like Voćin or some parts of Baranja
"Romanians aren't Slavic"
That's not what those guys 200 years ago said.
I'm from Eastern Europe and it's been a shit hole for a long as I remember (minus the ladies )
The number of people that live outside Croatia is almost the same as the number of people that live inside Croatia and growing
Or to just keep it as before, "Pleso". Oh well
That would mean Serbia and Albania are brother countries
Why would I leave Im not in EU I don't recognize it I'm in Croatia + EU will fall apart soon ;)
Aside from (unlabeled) pegs for coats in some classrooms, nothing in both primary and secondary education
And honestly the place itself barely felt welcoming, idk how to explain it
Our President, Milanović, is from Social Democratic Party (SDP), which is centre-left, and our PM, Plenkoivić, is from the Croatian Democratic Union (HDZ), which is centre-right
It's basically like this: strong accent in the original - Dalmatian dubbed/ "cool" or "teenlike" - Zagreb/ fancy - standard Croatian with the perfect pronunciation
Any deal needs unanimous approval.
apsolutno- najveći domoljubi su najčešće ovi koji su odselili kad je bio rat, ostali u tom mentalitetu i sve će dat za motherland, osim poreza :)
It's not split by the border, but the border does take a detour to go around the surrounding area
And in the end, the governments of all the other participants were in a similar situation, bellicose-yet-dreading-war
I don't hate Serbs
Croats also struggle with "u redu".
There is simply no way some of these statements are true for Croatia
A lot of Croatians don't have these expectations, although a lot of young people do move out
&#x200B;
He was from Canada and was Croatian but he didnt even speak Croatian.
I meant in Croatia, sorry if I wasn't clear.
"This is how people like trump and putin get elected"
I'm not an expert but I think the time period it was built in
I dont have a job, I am in school
I have no clue of the situation in NI or why it is divided but ...
Zovem se Lara
Just find a normal ATM associated with a bank, or even better find an ATM associated with your bank, most European banks are owned by a bigger one
The urban Zagreb way of speaking (Zagreboi here)
Signal got weaker in early 2000's and completely faded by the middle of that decade.
The standard languages are pretty much the same but in Croatia we have major differences between dialects.
I think we do make a big deal out of it, just not that big
Germany is easely in the running for best governed country in the world.
Is there a specific reason for wanting a longer flag
Croatia, Bosnia, Bulgaria, parts of Greece - Thrace, Attica, Peloponese and Agean weren't under their control
The potatoes are Bavaria and the slice of lemon is south Tirol ...
Hey /u/itscalledunicode and /u/the_candle96 clone, please don't speak to me.
a bearded man created Earth in 7 days!
Yeah undergrad sorry for not specifying
>Yes, but also, if you have to use word sex, its have sex (imati seks), but it really is wierd
But some people look at it like fucking heroin
it goes so wrong after just a short gameplay
No, around 20% of them are from Syria.
and nepotism, and clientelism
This is up from the approximately 154,000 in 2015, and confirms that Italy has surpassed Greece as the EU country with the highest number of arrivals from the Mediterranean.
Trying to explain that it's not the same takes to much time and it's basically pointless
Well now that the cars will be built in the US, not in Mex, im pretty sure we will see a improvement in quality of the cars being made
No, we don't even like them that much, burned our villages a century ago
Then I‘m confused, because it‘s sounds familiar and most of the time has the same meaning, but the change of pronunciation makes me always doubt it haha
Also some report that they saw Croatian flags in the stadium
Even if they don't have it immediately you just call them up and order it, it takes them 3 days tops to get it, you can even specify denominations you want
Every single human being that entered Germany by land is an economic migrant.
i absolutely hate the amount of tenses it has
So if it wasn't him it would have been someone else.
I thought it was only us who had these unjustified fears of wind, A/C, ventilators, sitting on the cold floor, wet hair, walking barefoot...
*Horvat* is how we used to say for a Croat before we got rid of that useless vowel between h and r.
Actually there is a considerable number of
Drunk Britons leave Ibiza's police too scared to work
those aren't refugees, they are mostly grown adult males cherry picking a country to "move" into and that's called being an economic migrant and an opportunist.
Bosnia: amazing nature
And C) i had no idea may 9th is europe day, it is not celebrated in any way so there will be no extra EU flags anywhere
We had it for some time now and at least at close it looks recognisable.
Little sad guy seems photoshopped in this picture
Don’t worry you won’t come first
Lived in Ireland for years, been in the UK numerous times for various lengths (days, weeks, months), and now live in Germany
Does it freeze in the winter
I'm not too familiar, but I believe in school for a limited amount of time Serbo-Croatian speakers would have about 20 minutes a day dedicated to syntax and grammar of macedonian and Slovenian, as the lexis and stress of the languages was similar enough to get by without education.
Zagreb is to Croatia what New York is to the world, you can find people from every little corner of our country
Dense čokolino forever
It is a carbonated drink like coke but with some herbs added to it and with its special touch
His father was an orthodox priest, iirc, and they lived in Lika, known for being maily populated by Serbs.
In Croatia we have tambura/tamburitza and some other old primitive traditional instruments like bagpipes and more primitive tamburas - [example for all of it] Tambura bands have 5-8 members but there are also orchestras and folklore organizations who take care of preserving and promoting this kind of music and art
There are protocols which are followed, medicine you give if you suspect an MI, coronarography, stents, CABG, being aware of potential malign arrythmias, etc.
I mean they(Mongols) took Croatia and couldn't care less
Edip Akbayram
>outsmarted
If I absolutely must pick one, then summer time, I guess
Also, for the same reason, musicians and other celebrities from one country are very often popular throughout the ex-Yu.
I guess it highly depends from person to person
Thats a great way of getting people to do 260 km/h and then cooling their car off on a gas stop
I like Wiena
What is the worst song your country sent to Eurovision
Jasenovac camps in ww2, under the Ustaša regime
Grandma's Cabbage leaf sarma with mashed potatoes on the side.
Nobody wants to live in a Mad Max wasteland
in an attempt to justify Russian foreign policy
Commonly: just Austro-Ugarska (Austria-Hungary)
There were at least two entire generations of people born and raised in friendship in Yugoslavia, and they were much closer to each other than we all are today
Thats a brave man
You can feel empathy even for bad people
To us, we use the word water only to refer to water that you drink and shower in
Uh I wish our press had less freedom
[Implying they would need it...]
Yep, that's a dolphin made out of rock alright.
White City = Beograd
Edit: words
MP3 player, Mobile pay for car parking, electric speedometer, dynamo
That's impressive in an out of itself
How do we know this isn't a western propaganda which is targeting Russia?
A Croatian who doesn't like football
So in my home-canton (region) im the croat, but in other cantons i'm the dude from "my homecanton"
who have the last word about that
Yes, they did, first, they attacked Slovenia
Professors just send what you have to do and you have to do it until a deadline
Just imagine a Slovenian resume ...
And millions of Muslims want to live in Hungary, nowhere else
It's relative and very subject related opinion.
Mmh, lumping it together gives you some foggy results.
Everybody gangsta till Putin comes with Black belt
It seems that my source is a bit outdated
she kindaaa reminds me of the one that shall not be named in that picture
You see, if you just did yourself a favour and thought through a little bit before writing, we would have been in the wrong
What you see you read out
No damage or wounded here
Knowing it will be attacked even more until there is no flag
In this sub it would be nice if we all know all countries, right
To annoy Trump
Alright, I will post it there as well :)
But why did it take 21 years to get to court?
No, the media has made it very clear they are against the AfD and similar, the AfD didnt wake up one day and say "okay, we dont have enough enemies, lets hit up the A-Z media and send them hate mail".
It was the election year and the social-democrats were in power, and they are often affiliated with the communists so they didn't want to give the right-wing a topic to go crazy about.
In my hometown, of some 30 000 people, there's a part of [14th century defensive wall] behind the cathedral finished in 1882
(And I could be completely wrong on this..
First time i ever got really drunk was on my school trip to Hungary when i was drinking Becherovka when i was 16
Croatian per se is meh, but if you include everything in Serbo-Croatian (as one should), then it's great
I think the Diocletian's Palace would be the *one*. Sure, we have the Zagreb Cathedral and Arena of Pula, but I don't think anyone would recognize those
Neki od vas ste u redu, nemojte doć u školu sutra
There was no invitation, it's just that the emperor few centuries later couldn't really write "They conquered our land and there was nothing we could do about it".
&#x200B;
People need to realize Nazis didn't became Nazis when they started to gas Jews.
RIP
How Romania Is Using Satellites to Stop Loggers Leveling Its Fairytale Forests
I remember to read about it last week or so.
Historically
This seems like something I would find in a Geography now video
Sure, but don't expect that locals will know it.^^/s
Hungary is also pretty useful because they have Tesco and Aldi
Well Japan has a trade surplus when it comes to trading with US
Chill bro, portuga1 yo, let him go man
His principal rival was King Christian of Denmark, a Protestant.
hmm, maybe riots had something to do with it
Beautiful
So if/when they are sentenced (eg embezzelment, money loundering, war crimes, tax fraud, vehicular manslaughter) usual course of action is to go to Bosnia & Herzegovina and live (rule) from there since they tend not to extradict their citizens to Croatia
Doesn't look like anything to me
Wha what
And here's one I've seen only once, but it worked:
All of nationalism that happened in early and mid 19th century, all across Balkans was due to France
It consists of masses, sports, lectures, etc
However, keep in mind my first language is Slavic, so it's pretty easy for me to differentiace Slavic from other languages
Fun fact, Zagreb has a larger GDP than the entire country of Bosnia and Herzegovina (3
Think McDonalds speed but homecooked quality dishes
Balkan, definetly Balkan here in eastern Croatia(Slavonia)
In the US, not in in the USSR
Take your gold and gtfo
I always find Greece, Bulgaria and us being on top of maps for all the wrong reasons
Not all Croats are *antiSerb* from birth.
Same price and company but in Croatia
From major EU countries, Spain did more tests (103k), Italy about the same (77k), and others less (Germany 56k, Poland 32k, France 21k)
For example Osijek has the first tram in Croatia and the first national Theatre
"Don't worry, we don't want your gold"
out of everybody I interacted with there, this was the only time I was a little aggressive and it turned out to be someone from the same city as me
Well of course
b) they don't actually have to
I've been to Portugal so I tend to think they are similar to them, warm and welcoming, calm version of Spaniards.
And Pepsico introduced Schwip-Schwap
Rijeka is trailing behind because of the bad policies and poor railway connection.
This is the board of directors, not the stewards
I'm not really sure about that
Or they are simply national socialists, separated from the German ones.
One moment from that video is something I remember even to this day - the guy saying "sve su to ubice i kasapi, lez'te dole". Every once in a while that hateful son of a bitch pops into my mind and I wonder where he is now and if anything ever happened to him for what he did
Is that why you are always invading them
How is a message on a picture of a flag "flying in the wind with stars on it that shine upon its land" not percieved as cringy in a subreddit that regularly makes fun of similar 19th century notions of romantic nationalism
love this weather
Police, tram conducters, TV licence incasators, journalists, bankers, judges and lawyers
handjobs are standard cheap/poor translations for any hand made stuffs (souvenirs, food, items, jewelery
When she sees an empty plate, she asks me 3 times do I want more
It's dumb to talk about it as if it's some foreign thing that has nothing to do with you
What about Bremen
But unfortunately we don't have billions of petro-dollars lying around for this kind of development, like they do.
man, sorry, but you really fit the polish/czech stereotype people in croatia have :D
The town of game of thrones, the big walls and UNESCO heritage site makes it every year a place where you can't walk through because of all the tourists
After about 1 month I noticed I don't have an odour anymore
Good idea, lousy data
I assume it's because a lot of their population used to be(or still is) rural.
Hypocritical cow
We too have lions somewhere on our coat- of- arms.
Also in Croatia situation is mostly normal, excet maxbe in eastern slavonia
Over here, rightest-wingers sometimes hurr durr about Serbia/war/*disibiodevesprve* to attract their idiotic voters (and distract them from their empty pockets), also in recent times the trollish left-wing Zoki tried to imitate them and failed spectacularly.
The joke in Zagreb tends to be that when we hear thunder or the sirens are blaring (as part of maintenance), “the Slovenes are sending an elite bycicle brigade from Maribor”.
It seems to me that Ukraine is just trying to use history for political purposes.
They sell food
Just go into the nearest coffee shop (disclaimer: you cant be more than 500 meters from one) and politely ask to use the toilet
Ngl croatian politics could be turned into a sitcom
Dud you'll get friggin salmonella if you don't
Or when entering the bus
What about that student that set himself on fire I think post WWII
I don't know why, but every time I handled Euros it was always
I know a lot of people
I'm jealous of you
More exotic entertainment
It was actually 5
No, nobody has time for a part time job, but some have a job for a two months in summer
We do have a few low-tier "Bostavan" Moldovan ones but they're shit because made according to Soviet tastes in wine ( added sugar + sulphites ) therefore too sweet and on top of it surprisingly expensive.
Travelling abroad was a norm for anyone, every citizen
I love these discussions, because in the end he had to leave for the US to achieve anything since nobody in the Balkans recognized him as the genius that he was...
Pros: beautiful nature and architecture, safe, low crime rate, food, clean water, free education and healthcare
Vatican we love because we are heavy catholic boys
Pecs is a city in the Baranya region where the geothermal springs come out
I'm glad to see that our war is  mentioned and remembered
There are many things mystical and intoxicating about you and it's refreshing from time to time to see something cultural come out of the east
Real Estate is a cornerstone of their business but it's not as big outside the States and virtually nonexistent in the East block
Or you do have a Müller, but there's only one or two of those in your city, and you won't go there for your day-to-day grocery shopping, which is most of it.
There are still attempts to create Croatian words for loans, but unfortunately they end up ridiculed and noone takes them seriously
I'm trying to figure out *why* the refusal rate is at 5,29%.
A lot of our food is not mass produced, in a lot of mediterranian countries what you guys consider "organic food" - its just considered "food".
and croatia complains the same about czechs plus lost on sea part
"Prodajem zjake i farbam oblake"
When you leave: keep the memories, not the baby
for a flag I didnt even know existed until 5 min ago, I really like the white-red-white1991-1995 flag
I pick Russia over the Saudis any day.
In day to day speech most people will follow SVO order which seems to be most natural one, but if you choose to change the order in one sentence you don't have to keep doing that
The most used deck here is probably the German deck
TBH, after reading the thread title, even before loading the comments, I expected this to be the top answer
And same is repeated across many types of product.
we heard the spring time is the best time
It is not obligatory (but also not frowned upon) to greet upon entering the bus
I wish I had more experience or money at least.
You wouldn’t see that many Croats congratulating if it was Russia or Serbia
iirc, coffee doesn't have that much to do with CVD
Maybe I do, maybe I don't. What disturbs me is you only eating bread with something you can dip it in
In Croatia, *especially* if near the border, people very often go to Bosnia and Herzegovina
I reccomend the Baranya region to check out, mountains in Slavonia(there is a UNESCO Geopark there) and cities like Osijek, Požega, Đakovo, Vinkovci and Vukovar especially for those war stories there
I loaded up on other beer as well (Krieks, tripels...), plus I discovered the amazing Pannepot.
Their dual screen phone, [Surface Duo] will come with Android too
In Istria and north east Italy we call them Triestine, and are used to play briškula and trešete (both game names are from italian)
Slovenia you don't need to be shy, we're single
Can't really translate it, I guess you had to be there
It is Osijek,you're right
Look beyond the obvious and it becomes more clear that she's a token LGBTQ politician
I am so fucking dumb hahaha
Newer models could be occasionally spotted, but not nearly as often
Not that I agree with the above or disagree with you, but the Dutch were considered Aryan, they weren't subject to extermination.
Stille Willem
I just read that people in a few villages around Rovinj also speak Istro-Romanian.
Look up the troop numbers, weapons and spending between Nazi Germany and the Franco British alliance.
There are a few individuals but not enough to be noticeable
Pretty much all teachers in the country are striking
idk maybe this can help you bro
Croatia is disturbingly missing red stars
I tried them once, they're alright
I also find West Slavic languages ewsier to understand than East Slavic languages, Czech and Slovak more than Polish
Croatian singer Severina sex tape in 2004, it can still be found on the porn sites
well, they still need money, and the traffic is not that great if we exclude the tourist season.
Oh God
Your media is varyous degrees of leftist and centrist, tell me, how many journalists do you know that were promoting open borders, then name me how many have promoted closing the border?
Bosniaks are Muslims from bosnia (they make up like 45% of the population) so that's what differanciates them from bosnian croats/-serbs
For a few years they really were an empire (a decade or so)
18/19
It is a witch with a big nose and horns
I got married and have kids now, making moving away more difficult
Now I am almost 15 and my english is almost on the C-1 level but I still got new words to learn and I need experience and my mom teaches english and german in high school so that helped too
I'm pretty jealous of all the Dutch guys who speak better than me, yet only learned German for half the time I have
If you don't have money or know someone (that knows someone), you might as well give up
EDIT: Typos
I want to thank Serbia for those brief moments of cooperation when the pressure and stakes were highest
Nikola Tesla and Josip Broz Tito....
I reside close to the center of Zagreb in an old building waiting to be destroyed by an earthquake, so I felt it pretty strongly (once I woke up of course)
It is not a nice place but one of the better Muslim countries.
Well there can be political gain IF they want to cooperate.
Croatian and bosnian
I remember when it was cool to have it as a [ring tone] on your Sony Ericsson, I still hear it sometimes with old people in public transport
Im really sad this is happening in Croatia but I dont buy this holier than thou attitude ...
I always put Lidl, Aldi and Norma in the same group because they offer similar products and have similar prices
I was mostly correcting the "Austrian warmongering" part.
I don't exactly 'fit in' and in some regards I'm unusual for my country, also I couldn't care less about Croatian subreddit, sometimes I check it out when I wanna feel annoyed and disappointed lol
sore losers
Also the occasional nuggets of EU news and news from other countries
>It's the anxiety, frustration, lack of opportunities and defeatist attitude that pushes them into these radical beliefs, inceldom or similar and all as a result of the way modernization changed human interaction for the worse
Croats also struggle with "u redu".
One guy said Soros has a dark ulterior motive with all donations and scholarships, but doesn’t know what it is
so why not just use reinforced concrete then and be done with it
I still can't get over how ridiculous he sounds and looks.
It's the same rhythm as in the English "Rock, paper, scissors" whereas we show the gesture on the "pa" part of "papir".
Worse, they voted against a new voting system which would have prevented the Conservatives getting a majority in Parliament with barely 30% of the vote
I'm glad that you can see through the empty words from from Castille and Rome, they can't even depart from your rightful islands when they own so much land and power?
Burek with kulen isn't that bad of a idea
Croatia (100k ish people)
Another interesting thing is that percentage of young people infected in US skyrocketed
Oh okay, got it, yeah we have a special plural for 2-4 and then one for 5+
I hope that again we will speak
Supposedly their concentration camps were much worse than any Nazi German one(btw they were mostly for Serbs, Jews, Gypsies and  people who didn't support the regime)
He's corrupt to the bone and since recently he has this fetish of building expensive fountains in stupid locations.
When she felt under the weather there was only one medicine, You guessed it, moonshine (rakija)
Dunno why we keep reacting like this to proposals from lobies, nowadays if you had enough money you could make a serious proposal to charge birds for using flight space .
While cobras ans black mambas aren't vipers
Does a Hungarian/Austrian grip come close
* "The Expensive Rose" - A person offers you a rose for your SO, and when they hand you one, they ask for a ridicolously high price
Same experience here
Hmm
Brilliant
I am in the hard camp, fight me
No, Croats came here when they were still worshiping their Slavic gods.
Go to the front page of this sub and you'll see three dots in the up right corner
Oh shit, where do i even start
In the UK, tree cover was down to about 10% by the late middle ages
They only took over decades later **specifically to stop the crimes**
The sad thing is they fought it and won it.
The EU is an idealistic project rooted in humanism, Yugoslavia was rooted in totalitarianism
burek sa sirom ... mmmm
They aren't your parents
After I watched the movie I googled it
From Belgrade to Zagreb and Ljubljana you can take the train!
Thank god for NATO so that we won't see the WW2 and 90s again (I hope).
Vestibulum sit amet tellus bibendum lectus pharetra condimentum
I'm sure it's a thing for a lot of people, but I personally never met a non native that spoke English like a native
Varaždin was the original capital of Croatia and it was replaced because of the big fire there in the late 18th century
they can be seen in a beach bar, loudly talking and drinking
Does it freeze in the winter
I can only think of Školjka or WC Školjka
Puahahahhaha
I believe there still are people there identifying as White Croats.
Death rates vs the previous year are all but worthless since all kinds of numbers are out of whack, most notably traffic accidents being down significantly
If only we'd actually do something like this, good luck Romania
In Croatia we were taught in primary school geography that Scandinavia, Finland and the Baltics were Northern Europe
Still have dvds of it
: kontroli*sati* and kontroli*rati*) and lastly usage of "-e" (in serbian) and "-ije, -je, -i" (in croatian)
Us men are competitive under any cost
Then this [dude] who turned into a vampire
That’s not really:
Downloading pirated software is ilegal but people are downloading it anyway.
don't worry, we are all gonna become poor soon enough
I'm a snake person
Hahahahahaha
I hate wooden windows
Even foreign, license made products
Very quickly there would be unrest and people would try to storm the border.
you don't have to be a homozygote, but you are more resistant if you are.
Is it a country
A bit of good news: apparently, [structure is saved
Pipa means faucet in Croatian lol.
&#x200B;
I didn't know we had that
*Hrvoje* is a derivative of *Hrvat*, which is how we say for a Croat today.
Standard Croatian is the closest to Štokavian, as it was based on it.
But you still broke the law, at least in Croatia.
one of sucky days
Notice the Slovenian coat of arms.
A lot of people did not believe that Kosovo will gain independence, also, a lot of people thought Kosovars will lose the Kosovo War.
Numbers for Zagreb I presented are including people working in city administration, probably half of them have some made up workplace with cozy salary and nice working hours, other half probably do something useful, some probably even work too much.
I don't see them as a threat, I know they are not that powerful.
We were playing one or two/week
But no matter what younguns are expected to be present on  family lunch
Can't remember the last time I heard it on the radio/tv.
Where Atila drives Merc and others are just peasants.
Not marriage, just a partnership.
Closer to Hrvatska than Croatia but still pronouncable i think
ok, manageable, have some sense
Right now i feel like kosovo is huge ball and chain pulling you back
It's pronounced pretty much the same in English.
Eurotrip
You almost did whole Croatia too so thank you for that :D. Cool map nonetheless
This is more of a generalized Balkan stereotype, but I hate it when people think we all hate each other, like nah, most people here are normal regular human beings and have nothing against other regular people from other countries
I have never heard this song in croatian as well
I like it how he avoided Bosnia and Herzegowina
Most of them are backed by a bigger nations which currently work completely against each other.
We have more than we need
Croats arrived to the Balkans in the 7th century, but it is unknown when it was founded
Beer makes you jolly, Rakija makes you pass out in your own puke
I don't think most languages have such mutually unintelligible dialects.
it's that way by _design_. Government don't care about fairness when it comes to taxes
It's kind of funny how inequality is only ever mentioned in the context of domestic policies
For decades it was totally normal and accepted that it's the medias job to inform the citicens what is happening politically around them.
Edo Maajka has a Bosnian accent and I think he is in fact from Bosnia
By that logic, there's a very simple solution to solve all of humanity's problems - just kill everybody
I'm damn sure I read exactly the same against Irish immigration to the US.
Croatian republic was established inside Socialist Yugoslavia during WW2 and it became independent in 1991
In Croatia small quantities for personal use are finally decriminalized last year.
It was so weird that when last year it was sunny and crazy hot, now it’s raining and cold
"Coffee with milk and a glass of water, and can you point me towards the toilet
We also use dots instead of commas
Isn't that because beautiful is used to describe women, but handsome is used to describe men
Excellent choice
Wait that's not how you pronounce it
Congratulations Latvia, my second favourite Baltic country
Come on, chill the fuck down
It seems that island still floats, so until/if it sinks due to Article 50 I don't really see the point of all the speculation and beating of the dead horse.
This is just so mindless
Each class section (A, B, C, D and sometimes E) got one photo with all of their portraits and names under
I'm quite sure that citizens of Dubrovnik are in a way relieved that nobody is coming this summer
Ayy thanks mate
We buy milk kind of in bulk so 1 carton always stays in the fridge (the one we're currently murdering by drinking) while the others stay in the pantry, awaiting their fate, mourning their fallen comrades
I apologise for not replying directly to you, so I am c/p my reply to another comment in this thread:
I just start eating my burek and than this shit happened
No, you bring them to the courts and tell us how fun it is to arrest someone in a warzone.
Maybe Trump gave Vučić something else besides a pen and keys
Oxford handbook of clinical medicine suggests simply eating less (<2600 calories/day for men, <2080 for women) rather than specifying dietary content, recognizing that there are no good or bad foods and no universally good or bad diets.
We are split on that, we have the people who cross the street when there is no traffic, and then the people like me who awkwardly stand and wait for the green light.
Why do you feel the need to look at my history?
He's basically the epitome of corruption and money laundering
Many of them never experienced simple joys in life we don't even think about, things we don't even notice as something special because they appear to us as normal, everyday joys
And I do believe most people don't like him, but those who don't tend to be the most apathetic voters
I doubt it ever was official to begin with
Slovenian is closer to 70%. I have a really hard time with spoken Bulgarian but written is pretty inteligible
Ne, Norijada je naziv za to
A cry for help, in time of need, await relief, from apple league
But Croats generally have issues with Serbs mostly because all of the dead and lost people during the war who ended up in Serbia and were never given back to their families, Serbia still denies that
It was extremely popular in Croatia as well (for rock listeners), the original Hungarian version
Worlds deepest subterranean free-fall drop (513 m)
Apple pie scent with warmth of cooked wine
Yes, sometimes people don't even understand each other
Does not work for the reasons I stated in my initial post.
Avion is a type of zrakoplov
Anyone got the rest
Everyone else is making pizza with local toppings and they're making some sweet rice thing that's not even pretending to be pizza
Since no Croatians here, let me introduce Zagreb's ~~mayor~~ lifelong dictator [Milan Bandic]
Once I accidentally played some French radio station via TuneIn app and I was surprised that one song, which is originally on English language, was on French.
" Yeah, this is bad haha
That's a lot of hidden comments
In what way exactly is it a corrupt government, what did they do
I hear people saying its because church got cancelled
But, there's probably been a lot of corruption involved and many lawsuits are upcoming
Well if a bear ate you and consequently shat you after it, and you spent some time being a part of that shit before you manage to free yourself again, then it takes considerable amount of time for everyone to forget you were indeed once a part of foeces.
Other than that you could expect other "scoutly" activities, so camping, learning to tie knots, spending time in the country side etc
You mean both Monten and Negrin
Now let's just hope everyone makes it out alive and unharmed
I mean croatia and serbia have shit amount of unregistered weapons on both sides and never heard of incident similar to stabbing
Quisling was just a pro-Nazi fascist
Croatian, English, German, Dutch, French and Spanish
You can read more about it [here] Anyway during the entry of Croatia into EU, there were fears that heavy regulations would be imposed making kolinje no longer doable, since everyone thought that everyone who wanted to slaughter pigs had to have neccessary conditions, which most could not afford to build
It's dark in my room ,dude !
Those two are my favorites, too.
Happy cake day !
Isn't Christmas supposed to be fun ?
Believe it or not
In Croatian, we have "Zaboli me" which roughly translates to "It hurts me". It's basically a more vulgar way of saying "I don't care".
for terminology's sake, I don't think that's an oxymoron.
Hot - 30+
ok, manageable, have some sense
Make us a federal state like the US
It's always something belittling, or  just insulting as all hell
Remember me and Poland the next time you try to bully Europe !
Compare the person in that quote to someone living in a shanty during the Great Depression.
They have, but that's a lesser issue.
We are actually in severe troubles with medical stuff as young doctors mostly leave the country.
I am trolling
And they are all free to come on our beaches.
I didn't travel to another country to hang out with croats, i can do that back home
We have something like a chicken or egg situation on the sub: did the high(ish) proportion of Dany-haters/Stannisbros evolve on the sub naturally (because Stannis did nothing wrong), or did they come first and chase away the girls (Stannis is an asshole manchild)?
In this case they we're used to counter guerilla warfare but the conditions in the camp we're pretty bad so lots of people died of diseases
Wouldn't make much sense in Greek, would it
I think it's extremely hypocritical from Greece.
not swans, not snow it is you see there,
i live in zagreb and it woke me up when it started, there is light to medium damage to older buildings, report of kid that died turned out to be false, some churches were damaged so its good thing everyone is isolating, it was not as bad as it could have been
When people say that US spends more than other NATO countries they mean that US spends more of their own budget on their own defense.
That's insane
Been living in Europe whole my life.
It's not just an accent, they are quite different.
shit man, i swear to god that's the first city i captured from Tamar yesterday evening
Fine they might be, but i would never use them, at least not in this setting
I am trolling
Kind of weird because we used to live together for a long time
That "platform" is not a platform, it's an artificial island which is a part of the shipyard uljanik, another big stone which is pulling us down since they're leaking money for years now
1 ikea store in capital city
I'm also constantly cold, i'm walking around the house closing windows she opened while she's in her t-shirt
(Hopefully, I to wrote the Hungarian name correctly)
There are good arguments against dividends in some cases
And perceptions
That's true, locative and dative always have the exact same forms, the only difference being that locative always has to be used with a preposition, and there are occasionally some differences in the tones.
there are some creatures from Slavic mythology listed [here]
Yes, but you don't learn just about Catholicism but about other religions in the world as well, and you discuss stuff
Politically
What we call a French salad in Croatia is actually [from Russia]
To be honest, after hearing how people in Sweden sometimes get wasted with alcohol on weekends, I think it's funny they have this almost pathological fear of marijuana.
Same thing with criminals, if no one wants to hire them and give them a chance they will most likely return to crime because they don't have other options
The second one is something i didnt understand but they said it's basic estonian insult and it goes something like this: "tura lic era pilu minuga e maxa norida".
But, Christianity spread all over the world, same for secularity, preference of science, development of tech - in my mind, countries like USA, Japan etc are just as strong in tech and education (on average).
Therefore we had marketing
Sounds oddly familiar
In Croatia we do pranks when we can and want
Hey,I'm pretty sure u/knoddel already reserved Cologne?
The only phrase with biting I heard here is "zagrist govno", "to bite the shit", but that one doesn't have anything to do with dying, it's used more in the sense of "suck it up and do something unpleasant".
LOL That's the case with Serbian and Croatian
who find it much easier to identify with non-national Istrian identity rather than Croatian one because of our shared history with those groups
They cherry pick certain events and bad factions and ignore everything else.
thats my take on polish as well as a croatian
Like, everybody saw it
sigh
I was about 13yo and could not care less about the consequences of my actions.
Supposedly we have the only statue to him outside France, but I'm not sure how true that is.
I didnt feel like mentioning it since he's already bombarded by everyone else
"Welcome to Hell"
There are a lot of problems there because Bosnia has an old oil refinery on their side that is polluting a lot but the people of Slavonski Brod can't do much about it because the refinery is in an other state
No way could Croatia muster enough men to fight the main Ottoman army (which numbered at least 100 000 men at full strength, and likely much more)
They will test it, they will see you're full of shit and then you're left with a nuclear arsenal you just proved you aren't ready to use.
Wasn't the guy actually competent ruler, so much that Montenegrins didn't want him to leave when they discovered he was a liar ?
National
and they did burn down the White House.
Depends what you wamt to try, it's diverse, you have food from parts of Croatia, parts of Montenegro, Albania and Greece that is Mediterranean in nature, then you have typical greasy, heavy food coming from continental parts of the same countries influenced by Germanic and Turkish cuisines, and in the end you have something entirely that is uniquely Balkan
I consider it over-priced low quallity furniture I wouldn't buy
Now imagine this is the mediteranian sea and you can swim in it w/o freezing to death
You’ve never heard about the Czechs
Dolomiti, Italy
And now a third
I've noticed that it's quite "trendy" to use English words and change them up a bit for use in everyday conversations in a lot of countries
They are not my ISP, 2
A lot of bars have it around here.
There is a lot of romanians in dublin
That's insanely expensive
Laser-firing underwater drones protect Norway's salmon supply by incinerating lice
Lol, look, a polish person complaining about the lack of vowels
Happy independence day from Croatia Slavic Brothers️
I just barely found an old clip, and my bad, Mr Krabs seems to have a Dalmatian *inland* accent, but that trope works as well because it is the home of stereotypical greasy "businessmen", it would be shtokavian although spongebob is definitely kajkavian
First I thought it was some leftover from WWII, SS inside a target sign with meaning "we hunted SS", but it seems that isn't the case.
German i would say at least here because a lot of people go work in Germany . But other than that maybe Russian for eastern Europe
When Greek, Serbian "ortodox brother", says that it must hear Serbian hart.
Yeah, compare it to SU-57 or Mig-31 (dont)
I was sure my sarcasm was damn obvious
Please don't spew shit like this
People won’t stop staring at their phones, so a Dutch town put traffic lights on the ground
sure it's cheaper if you compare the prices, but what if you put in the account all the stuff that's in the house and also the psychological toll a destroyed house brings with it, homelessness and shit
We're not a project of the Vatican, we're not Catholic Serbs who were created to exterminate the Serbs.
After all, I'm sure Europe could do without cutting edge cancer treatment if it meant Africa got basic health services
Actually I've seen it myself
Our bigger problem is number of employed which is getting smaller every year, but it's too depressing to write more about it.
If Corona lasts for a long time, things might get rough
You are not much better, UK
Absolutely
That marriage is between a man and a woman
No way
More people in the UK have a negative opinion about the UK than about Croatia
Oh yeah, that's fucking annoying
im not going in the whole recognizing-it-or-not teritory, but what are your thoughts about future relations regarding Kosovo
Trump is an idiot
I am away from home for almost 10 years, but I am still evidented like I am living with my parents
This is tragic
One guy said Soros has a dark ulterior motive with all donations and scholarships, but doesn’t know what it is
also "odakle" - where in the context of starting location or direction (Where are you from
Bare in mind he has a big support it's not like Turks are protesting against him in numbers we have seen in South Korea.
And all the numbers are done in this way
Means sth like "we're playing different card suits" - "we can't come to an agreement/we're talking about different things", it refers to the card games tresette and briscola
I hope someone takes justice in own hands when Breivik is free because the law is obviously on his side
Especially the young ones
I don't agree with him but he has one solid point.
I do, however, plan on comming back to Germany in few years again
[Kerber - Hajde da se volimo ]
I had a Bulgarian friend say to me that we should own Bosnia because the border fits so frustratingly well
The fourth being hladan beton
You're as Balkan as everybody
Related to this, HSS just giving its whole state apparatus to the Ustaše in 1941
Yes, in buildings like this:
Every system has its downsides
This sign has continuity in Finland which is separate from Nazism.
This complete paranoia of assimilation was a recurring theme *in those years*
Yeah, they are really overexagerating now.
I saw the fight in Luhansk and Donetsk as a consequence of Euromaidan and getting rid of pro-Russian government.
Even our most known anti-war poem is called [The Pit] about people being led to their death in the pit
because western europe more or less thinks that eastern european history/news are non-existing
They pushed for hungarian as a necessary language in school, on street signs and on buildings
I'm afraid Europe could see a new refugee wave soon, and this time with even more people, and less cooperation from Turkey and NA countries that were Europes buffer zone for decades without us really noticing it
“It’s better to live 100 years as a lion rather than a day as a sheep
Well I mostly play Hoi4 and never vanilla
Isto
All of nationalism that happened in early and mid 19th century, all across Balkans was due to France
I mean, if Bosnians can put mayonnaise on pizza, why wouldn't we put cheese in it
The question is why do they do it.
Correct, the Sassanid rule was borderline satire during the period of the Arab invasion.
>who was born in our country Josip Broz Tito
The person you replied to usually comments only about 1990s war, so you shouldn't pay much attention to him.
I can get for E Europe, poverty makes marriage and giving birth one of last things to care about.
why u made one
Kardashians
Eliminate any competent alternative and a nation will form Stockholm syndrome for you.
A fucking terror attack is not a valid reason to invade more than 70% of their country.
Lel read that as Jugoton and was very confused how is that Polish XD
This is not an issue
Still a great place to visit tho
You can still find few Goths here and there.
I don't think that this is a big problem.
If you offered me 4 choices for kosilo, i would have no idea what that means
What if in few generations what we now consider as English becomes Irish ?
But then again, it makes sense that you test less with less suspected infections
This with penis is law
I honestly have no idea
Croatia looks pretty clean
[Bijelo Dugme - Ako ima Boga]
Sirene (sir) is very similar to feta, except better.
4 is unusual but ok so if you make a mistake and go for the third you better pretend like you wanted to make it 4
Tank: "No I am foliage"
You were banned for trolling around ...
And then I'm like: "..." xD ._.
In Serbian
It was probably a gradual process that lasted through several centuries
In turn, however, that's what makes the infamous separation between upper and lower class so widespread
Croatian parents just dont fucking care XD
Wow, that sounds like a really beautiful thing to take part in
could be worse I guess
Is the femboy rod up
Hm, I guess it depends on what kind of tourist you are.
Let me explain, there are really some major differences
This is like saying that Germany as it is today is responsible for the things their ancestors have done.
They are both correct in historical matter
The sorriest of the 99% fighting against the 1% by voting for the richest of 1%?
I don't.
It's never ever meant as just an innocent statement
They may as well live on the other side of the planet, so people talking about "Europe" as if it's has actual meaning (without these unions) puzzles me.
Oh, the mines are getting cleared - but it takes time.
Does his mother just say "He is such a sweet child, although he seems a bit radicalised lately"?
This
We have pasterized, long lasting milk that we usually put in fridge only when we open it
But it seems that it's Germany and co
They're culturally and ethnically European
**ČLANAK I.**
Erdogan is a brainlet and I don't want to fund his gouvernment
Doesn't even need to be especially high speed
The modern one is a heraldic travesty, and I the old one represents the country better
You are incedibly projecting
Oh, let me tell you, Slovenia is pretty big in both the inferiority and superiority complex
approximately 10 police cars were just parked in the middle of the road, blocking traffic and blocking the right turn lane completely
Obviously Lake Bled /s
All this map tells me is that no person in Europe who works for a salary will ever be anything close to rich
What are some of the weirdest Serbian dialects
Tko se nije skrioooo, magarac je bioooo :D
I've experienced a few quakes but this was something else, motherfucker moved the *furniture*!
Č/Ć, DŽ/Đ and ije/je differences.
Edit: spelling
In Croatian we say Budimpešta for Budapest and as you can assume the letter "š" is pronounced as "sh"
Please let me know where you're moving next if you ever decide to leave Italy
They won't attack the US, but everyone will feel their response in a way
Can we get something in cyrillic alphabet?
And then the government brags about taking down unemployment.
You could just look up and not see the end of some of them
Well I feel no connection to Austria more Hungary especially here in Slavonia yes they were jack-asses and are sometimes now too but here we have a strong connection with them
I live my whole life in Croatia and I have literally never heard of this place
For example, next to Croatia is Bosnia, and there are dozens of villages swarming with salafists who openly preach, display Islamic state flags, call for killing of Christians in this region.
You won't see flags hanging outside people's homes, and if you do, it's likely a holiday or a football match
In the right circumstances, that can be a powerful stability-enhancing tool that can reinforce political moderation, and act as stronger barrier against authoritarianism than an elected head of state can be
So in EU we're down to Ireland and UK, and UK is...
I was very curious as I really liked how it sounded, but I've never heard of it
Really
In 5th grade about conception and 8th grade about types of protection and std's
Tko se nije skrioooo, magarac je bioooo :D
It happened in Osijek, not in Vukovar
If cultural marxism is the cause of Europe overwhelmingly being the best place to live on the planet then please let me know where I can learn more about cultural marxism
The borders send shivers down my spine
Of course not all of Croatia sees it that way this is what I think people might think
Bulgerioum
**Vienna secession**
Now they will go into the offensive and collect signatures to force our government to buckle and change the constitution again.
I'm planing on taking Bengal, so Indian doesn't feel quite so lonely
Long term, Europe needs to start helping African countries.
jebe mi se = "(this) makes me wanna fuck
Not every job would cease to exist, but predatory industries would probably take a big hit
When you miss the first class where numbers are taught
We'd lose in tourism tho because austrians would get the sea and all the germans would probably wanna go there instead of here but fuck it
Currently trending on youtube: [Jelena Rozga - Pismo-glava]
• F kao frend je zabava prava - F like a freind is real fun
But let's not touch freedom of movement for labor - God forbid that richer members can't siphon any more human capital from poorer members
Jeff Bezos shudders
I kind of agree with the statement (avoiding ghettos, incorporating 1st, 2nd, etc.
In Serbia they have much less linguistic diversity
And I see a man who forgot to take his medicine...
But they didn't seem to feel very strongly about it, it's like haggling is more of a pastime for them :)
most can't even grow a beard yet.
I think the conclusion here is that all Slavic langauhes are VERY similar
At least you don't eat dry lepinja.
He transfered to closer high school because he didnt have time to learn
Those should be a rather low number.
Pretty please
Right-wing of course wholeheartedly support the thing but the left is too cowardly to make even lukewarm stance on it, tricky thing is then they should bring in the question of Vatican contracts under which R.E. is enforced in public schools, and much more and that is a whole big can of worms that again undermine constitution IMO and even sovereignty of Croatia as a country
In my hometown, of some 30 000 people, there's a part of [14th century defensive wall] behind the cathedral finished in 1882
"[Bring] [rakija] rakija over here, for there is no solace in water
I'm level B2-ish as I studied it in school for 9 years, but it feels like I need an MSc to understand someone from Schwaben
It's not, but I don't think you can expect someone to use this symbol [ʋ] for labiodental approximant.
Hunt for "srbocetniks" and "ustasa" is a neverending task that keeps on the fog while they are stealing, pillaging and robbing
ovaj stol (this table)-masculine
You're joking, but you don't know just how close you are to the truth
Merci d'avance
We would have:Tomislav,Borna, Trpimir, Držislav, Domagoj, Petar Krešmimir, Dmitar, peobably some others but can't remember and for girls maybe Tuga or Buga would count otherwise I don't know
if festival season then stumbling around the town half naked or dressed like from that tv show [the tribe] around 6 in the morning or puffing those little bottles on the sidewalk
The game is actually stupid, there's no winner or anything, all you had to do is to keep it spinng by hitting it with your finger and whoever fails has to put their fist against the wall and the rest of us would shoot a coin at it
Have few of Kosovars here, but it isn't the same thing really.
Don't know what is this based on because our media has a lot of freedom
Yugoslavia with a Serbian king, black hand was supported by the Serbian military.
The only economical growth we had was the few months this year we had no official government
I have a suggestion
also must not forget the epic spinning violin guy
I never thought Portugese sounds anything like Russian
Meanwhile, Saudi princes race their hot wheels around London like it is their playground.
Knowing it will be attacked even more until there is no flag
but yeah many like to prove their point with cleaver lies
Ovo bacam na r/mapporn
Still, they've tested the second most in Europe (behind Italy) and have tested more per capita than the majority of European countries (I think they're 4th or 5th for that)
True that, but hey live and learn YOLO.
Only 1 in Zagreb
The guys on the right must be a couple of foreigners.
The next group are the poorly educated ones from rural areas, particularly scarred in the 1990s war, who equalize the efforts for an independent Croatia with the WW2 ''Independent State of Croatia'', while they don't understand that it was as independent as the ''Democratic People's Republic of Korea'' is democratic.
Tko se nije skrio magarac je bio
There are thousands of people who cant have kids and want to adopt
Unless you want the money not to be spent at all which is the alternative.
Same here
Work less and have so much free time to have a coffee with some randos and complain about the country while not working
'Gvozd' also means forest in archaic Croatian.
We had a war 20 years ago so of course there are a shit ton of them
A nice round 0
deliver us from our bad connections
slavic languages
Who knows
In [the photo from the other angle] you can see the access bridge and the railway and the tunnel going below the castle.
000
ugly and impractical town
For completely different reasons.
Still it was a great game but I think that first foul on Griezman should not have been called :/
*cries in Croatian*
Also now I have at least 1 crack in every room and it's ugly as shit
I don't think anyone claimed to be raped by him only touched inappropriately or something like that.
Russia got away with just walking in to Crimea and annexing it.
I have never paid to take a piss here in my life
Ne bas cistak, ali ima jos it Murius i Drinius.
away kit with Boban name on it
Because they used to be more different and became so similar because of artificial and planned standardizations during the 19th century.
Well it wasn't called Bosnia in those days
How do you do, fellow cunts
Hearing how those lands were part of Croatia even in 19th century just doesn't fit with your political views.
I'm not a lawyer so I'm not sure, but in my life I never heard of it.
And it's not "a lot" by a long shot
Montenegro: uhh
I would disagree, Slavonia is similar to Vojvodina, but different from the rest of Serbia (as is Vojvodina(. Montenegro si similar to Dalmatia but different from the rest of Croatia
please stay the hell away from me
We just had notebooks
I wasn't super impressed by the video either but I wouldn't call it propaganda.
The way this situation is usually solved is to write the text once and then just mark it as 2 or 3 languages.
I love when I argue with republicans /Democrats on the Internet, trying to explain to them that Conservative /Liberal is not the only way to differ parties, and then they all go sWeEtIe, uR wRoNg, i hAvE fAcTs while theyre just a bunch of 16 year olds like go away and Learn that Europe isn't a country
Interesting, obraz in Croatian is cheek.
I would say yes because of logistics.
Wtf
To me it always looked disgusting, I used to eat it only without eggs.
Got a mild stream of air through my nose
To me, personally, it'd be weird if someone from Serbia, Bosnia or Montenegro tried to use some of the exclusively Croatian words that exist in our language
6 million Euros on this [concrete goal post] and 92
Women’s hospital was badly hit
also, i'm talking about grown ass men, kids in school probably care about their phones
But he acts like a billionaire sociopath...
Osiijek-Croatian/Esseg-German/Essek-Hungarian/Ocek-Serbian
That is because they relied on the US and they tried it globally.
Lock screen -
Journals/publishers don't give *any* money to their contributors (unless the author has received some kind of award).
Not that many Ode to Joy remixes floating around.
well, not trying to argue against that, [but...]#Asia)
I visited once and hope I’ll get to go to university there (*fingers crossed*)
There has been a suggestion to name it "Golubica" (Dove) and it got rejected
You could do a bit of research on this topic as it is fascinating one (at least to me) and it shows how much politics plays a role in everyday life
Identity
That's still quite democratic as the elections are supposed to show support and people are willing to support not FN when their party of choice isn't in the running.
Eggs, always
I feel it's more foreign to me
When I was in London around 10 years ago we planned on going there but the fare was way too fucking expensive so instead we went to the nearby Star Wars experience/convention thingy
In many rural parts you can get a house with sizeable lot of arable land for less than 50-100k €.
They farthest they went in Croatia, after they burned half of Hungary and raised Zagreb to the ground, is Trogir
Hell, they've been far more friendly to me than a lot of people from other Croatian cities
And there is diversity, block-wise.
I would genuinely like if this idea got more traction, so I'll share wherever I can
This might push Europe to more federalism and European army.
And now when i think about it, consider all values to be an "ish". Always depends on the wind, humidity and all that stuff
Not Greek but I did hear him speaking Ancient Greek tho and a part of me died inside
I would say Rijeka since the other cities on the coast suffered from the lack of tourists and Rijeka isn't really a tourist city
Pretty much no
And one little speech nobody understands - Bednjanski
I would say union with Hungary started it all in 1102
It's been 20 years since I learned that in school but it was something like that.
At least in Croatian as far as I know and our online dictionary says, ćuprija=most and there is no other meaning for it
In the beginning, there were five-year plans and planned production, but it was abandoned in the sixties
I'm not saying her music is good though :D
The EU certainly can't demand this when it's own member states don't recognise it
if you play sicors and the other plays rock you win and take your index and middle finger(the ones you use to make the sicors) and slap the other person on the wrist
&#x200B;
It is not rare to see a Slovenian who speak Serbo- Croatian, German, Slovenian and Englisch.
Lol painting Hungary in red as other countries
This is about as good as it's ever going to get.
Ah great, not only are we smaller than Slovenia but also Liechtenstein and Andorra...
But mines are less of a problem here than say Bosnia
I feel that multitude of spires makes it look gaudy and too much
In feugiat accumsan risus at ornare
I felt this
Out of the three gonna go with air pollution.
It's another thing their politicians aren't as corruput as ours and that they prospered in the last 30 years
Your anthem should be the EU anthem ngl
Protect them from exploitation and from conflict.
We become best friends the moment we leave the Balkans
Slovaks and Czechs understand eachother as well
We actually have some connection, Dieter Mateschitz (Matešić) is of Croatian origin
Yup
We still have high influence of Mediterranean food which is one of the healthiest if not the healthiest in world
Yes, it exists and yes, it sounds like that, you don't have to like it
A mostly flat agricultural region with sprawling golden fields everywhere.
Cue fear of losing my job and economic enslavement as soon as I'd sign the papers, yay
We've got the bell pepper kind and it's always with rice and ground meat
I dont know what to tell you about the south of france, maybe it'd be better than now
I would go blind with all that whiteness, my eyes are extremely sensitive to light
Unemployment 30 %. Drunks everywhere
Now several countries are banding together to literally fight against this discrimination, which is "about fucking time".
In Serbian
100HRK - starter, main meal and drink, or almost three BigMac meals
Yes because Serbia is not and will not be in NATO
Donec justo risus, rutrum at sem non, sagittis aliquet dolor
Northern part of it is
How do you spot a hipster revolutionary then?
Because it sounds ridiculous, like most "normal Croatian words" that are promoted by idiotic language purists
Oh yes I forgot the Italian names they are very nice sounding too
[NK Olimpija] is better
Just like the French revolution created the French Empire and the American revolution essentially left the colonies under a model of government most similar to what they already had prior to the British overreach, the Russian revolution ousted one set of absolute leaders for another with the aristocracy being replaced by the nomenclature, blood replaced by "party loyalty" and ...
Very low temperatures are actually connected to high air pressure area (anticyclone), which brings dry and clear weather.
There was even a private sector
>  It may even illegal by international law, which in contrast to military type services clearly forbid mandatory citizen work
- *Spava mi se - I feel like sleeping*
I am willing to pre-order my place on the ship out of here!
I never felt unsafe in Vienna
But they are usually occupied with vaccination conspiracy theories.
Theaters and historical reenactments use real guns there??
It is not just about poverty, I am speaking about virtually no economic growth for the past 9 years.
It actually has rules (not just grammatical wise) that you need to follow and the sentence structure is different
"Pušiš ko Turčin" - "You smoke like a Turk"
But the point is, at least you guys have a metro
Croatia looks pretty clean
lol, no wonder why I liked My Slowianie and voted for it
People think we just fight and cause ruckus (usually the ones who hate on eachother are the uneducated and the old that are passing it down onto other generations)
[One and only ]
Dude
Helped by the fact I'm working with people from all over the globe, so, um, yeah, it would be kinda hard for them to understand what the writer wanted to convey if everything was in Croatian
Same
Pretty Common in villages and smaller towns in Croatia
Whats wrong with prefering one culture over another?
Probably FER (Fakultet Elektronike i Racunarstva) basically university of electronics and computer science
Makes sense
I mean, their stated goal are world domination and total conversion of everyone to Islam.
Morbi purus lorem, porttitor ut massa feugiat, tempus scelerisque mi
Not really, but supper frustrating
"Uni"
But they are not in the EU sadly
-Ljudevit Gaj,Croatian language
I remember summers in Croatia with continuous weeks of over 36 every day
We have a lot of nice sights in the rest of the country as well.
I'm Croatian, and it's not like the situation here is much better, but it's quantifiably worse in Serbia: while Croatia held its first Pride parade in 2002 and then onward, it took Serbia until 2014 to hold one successfully (yes, there were a few Pride parades in Serbia, one in 2001 & 2010 in Belgrade, and another in Novi Sad in 2007, but all ended in violence, and the 2010 one was the most infamous one
As a mix between Slavs and Turkic people
He's probably on holiday in Croatia.
You betray your kind
I've decided to blame the bald eagles and their first amendment!
But you're not going to do that, are you
Was not disappointed
I am still hoping that it will be set in Louisiana.
My apologies, turns out my politics teacher is a very unreliable source.
Not as long I have property there.
Croatia used to be called Horvatska before we dropped the O. The Horvat surname to us is what "Smith" is to the anglosphere
Well, yes whatever the number was
But since we're comparatively low, from what I know/hear - a lot of the main factors in the grading start with "procedures for X".
I wouldn't rejoice, his opposition is Serbian nationalists
Same applies to the meat industry
I find that really weird, since hungarian is so disconnected from any nearby language (pretty much no common words or roots), so expecting people to be able to converse in hungarian seems so strange
I am avare of all that
if i may ask how big is the difference in a language
As it was incredibly wealthy and art-oriented, Venice considered Dubrovnik as its Adriatic cultural rival
Bydgoszcz and those two Romanian cities really surprised me as I had no idea they existed
I would integrate further in some areas, but not all
Swimming in a submarine tunnel on the island of Vis, Croatia
It doesn't really matter if it happened just every 10 years for a couple of days.
U kino ili šta
a kužin nisan nikad jea čokolino samo san ga vidia u dućan pa san bia zbunjen
I say that as a Slavonian, I imagine it's much easier to Kajkavians, if they have any problem at all.
But what the fuck happened with modern music
Incredibly so if it was ex-Yu
It was a prelude to WW2
It's sad, but I think he will finally get voted out in the next election
Erotic movies were quite popular at the time Danish [Hopa cupa u krevetu] was the most watched movie of 1977 in the country and Emanuelle series also had a big following
Same thing with me, I'm from croatia
We have the same coffee habits - drinking it in any kind of company, at least until 10 PM (when we switch to beer), but apparently we're not that high in total consumption.
The Croatian Language Portal (Hrvatski jezični portal) says that it comes from French "pique" which means supposedly means "tip of a spear". I don't know how true it is but it is the only thing I could find
I know, i know, it was around vienna but still counts as polish history
We have names and Croatian spellings for a bunch of Italian cities and many more went out of use.
What is the cost of lies
It's really cozy in a way
Oh I see and from what you wrote my guess is that ikavian is like standard in Ukraine
I thought var is just short for varos but anyway Vukovar actually means river Vuka that flows into Danube in Vukovar so it would be Vuka castle and Daruvar comes from the Hungarian Daru and var as you said and Bjelovar is what it is probably but idk what is Diakovar/Đakovo
It's the most developed and least nationalistic region as a whole, their regional party rules in almost every county they run for office and left wing parties win more than 70% of votes in every elections
I've never been there sadly but it feels like a perfect mix between scandinavian countries and the netherlands, the best from both
Some English fuck wanted to write about it
Those who gave american awards can go colectielvy fuck themselves
There's a really big difference.
Artyom
>The best advice is to get a hobby and meet people that way
Družba Pere Kvržice or Vlak u snijegu
Trying to explain that it's not the same takes to much time and it's basically pointless
Vegetarian sausages arent sausages.
Are you fucking dense
Well, it would seem it is another forward step for Kosovo in diplomacy.
Imagine all the EU street hookers who will survive because of the truckers locked in England
Who's gonna be Napoleon 2
>But also no vote
Also, US cant limit my internet no matter where sites are for 2 reasons: 1
"Oh a friend of a friend went to the beach there
Well it's not official in my country, but when I used to come home from going out during weekends while having drunk too much, I'd say I'm going to pray at the altar
I agree on Starčević, though I think he was a more interesting and nuanced figure than people think today
**R** acts as a vowel in this case, so there is no need for another one
And school buses aren't really a thing in cities (they exist only in more wide spread, rural areas)
People do it all the time when hiking on Sljeme
So then I end up imagining a bunch of very war-like rats, and then it's off to [mine-sniffing rats,] and they're so cool+adorable.
Croatia will take him
Im proud of this comunity
I'll see myself out
And nobody calls the bear a part of shit because he eats what he wants and shits where he wants, because he is a fucking bear and he can.
Uhh
Saying that Ustasa ideology is in any way, shape or form influencing Croatia now (or that it was present as a majority movement during the 90's) is not only factually incorrect but a damned and very malicious lie
Those "krafne" look good
There are electric cars currently that can go up to 300km without charging, which is not bad doe not enough I think for this scenario.
I hope that clarifies it for you
What
If you compare people with similar backgrounds in similar situations in different countries around Europe, you find a bunch of similar people
It's nice
Though, that would still not fix our issue here as all of us hear differently and people would still mix up those sounds like they do with -ije and -je
The Croatian word for both kite and dragon is ''Zmaj''
EDIT 2 :: one 15 year dead in building collapse
That's a yearly tradition in Croatia as well
crazy how opinions on things change after 44 years
[We know you just adopted him!]
Duis quis risus a justo pretium vestibulum
Yeah, actually
In serbocroatian (or however you will call the language) one of its many meanings.
A lot of them, besteck comes to mind first
Most countries have more than just one climate type.
And somehow we still end up next to serbia
Germany, Poland or Ireland
to be honest turbofolk is popular in Croatia too, but I think that girls in casual and everyday life wear less makeup but weekend you can see all sorts of
Please, the next time give the photo more meaningful title
Vas dvoje - the two of you (mixed)
Not necessarily unknown but interesting nevertheless
"I konj bi nogu slomio"
Why
In 1593 Croats fought Ottomans there and if Croats were to lose, Ottomans would've had a clear path to Vienna
With tariffs is $1100
Considering it's late October and a pandemic, nah
I mostly fail at placing them on a map, with the exception of the 3 I added - know the other 4 are somewhere in that area, but the correct order...
We're one of the leading countries in the world regarding organ transplants
Holandija is utter heresy
Having very little clue about NI political terminology I read it as "looses its Stormfront majority".
Apparently that's not important.
Things are normalizing but there is still a lot of stupid being flung around on all sides
- My country, Croatia, is always in between of central, southern and southeastern
The only reason my Spanish sucks is that I have zero interest in learning it, and absolutely nothing I watch is in Spanish
Its not in army, this was taken from support protest for mandatory military service.
First, there is the growing number of economically underperforming Muslim youths in Europe.
My aunt lives in Zagreb and she had to flee the building
Again, this kind of data is incorrect for Croatia (and probably for Slovenia too).
Knowing of [Oliver Mlakar] in Croatia is a question of basic general knowledge
Just photo with that text sign.
There's great growth, but no overpopulation.
I've seen a couple of American license plates (New Jersey, Massachusetts and California), Canadian one (Ontario) and an Icelandic one
They may have local community areas, squares, parks etc, and they may be nicely designed and pretty, but they're not in THE Center.
How do you think the kosovo situation will resolve
Krško plant is 50/50 co-owned by Slovenia and Croatia.
12 years ago i met few estonian dudes who taught me some swear phrases i still remember
Easy to google for more pictures, its sad really
Reading to this I feel much better in my Balkan country.
exposing murky business is always good in my book youre just angry they target your groups and their agenda
highly depends on if i'm going to the store high or sober
Thank you for clarifying, I knew that.
I guess corruption is built in ourselves, idk
I know that the the romans liked to move the auxiliary cohorts to other parts of the empire
I think QueenStark might be referring to the saltiness that came from the attempted Magyarization?
A ceasefire was declared a few weeks later
You've lived in the US your whole life and no one's ever called you fake Irish?
I loved them
Blaming it on religion would be like blaming it on cyrillic vs latin alphabet ._.
Wow, didnt know that, very cool
Girls probably
We have waterparks, beautiful nature, boat trips, few islands, and even safari animals on islands called Brijuni.
Oh that's cool
This is how I imagine a 12 year old would look on this.
I dont think we have "native language" name
087
When I moved to Denmark for my studies few years ago was the time I realized or rather learned that many european countries do not have IDs or they do but it is definitely not **the** ID card rather something similar like in Denmark's case
Those jobs are gone, they're not in UK anymore.
\*reads\* that doesn't sound right
You are not much better, UK
serbia, kinda complicated but we're working things out :)
[If my grandmother had wheels she would be a bike]
Masterpiece
That's all it takes to start the rivalry.
I know when my sister played volleyball there and i went to pick her up she warned me that under no circumstances i was to say "porco dio" even as a joke because you italians dont porco your dio and people might get angry
Or take the bus if school is not in walkable distance
So you agree you posted this to justify Russia's foreign policy?
Holy crap, that system if shit.
But also, Independent state of Croatia
Also construction, but that's more of a stereotype about Gastarbeiter in Germany
This is the first post about a countries history that I posted on reddit.
Ah you are like the fifth person asking this
This Brexit thing is going too far
dafaq
bog - god;
Oh, so that means that alexander the great was a slav too
Yeah exactly
If you give people money, someone will decide that they don't deserve it because they didn't earn it and take it away.
Anyone would have been upset about it
Arab males have much more "personal" relationships with each other which looks pretty "gay" to many Europeans.
Because they had to spread revolution across the  whole world which isnt really easy
You are part of the problem
We would've had a lot less land if you didn't.
There are, obviously, numerous variations of the attire as they change depending on wealth and status.
Slovakian to me as a Croatian/Czech speaking literally sound like you got a Croat in his 40 to learn Czech.
Berlin's beloved polar bear cub Fritz dies in Tierpark zoo
Thanks, we love you too
You don't make for a good reputation of gay people and their whatever like this
They are quick but they would also write for example: BREAKING NEWS: Ronaldo scores a hattrick
Besides, plenty of countries remained neutral during the war
Unfortunately we don't beat them in that
thats how war was back then
843 people living here
Well, how else would they practice their lying and stealing skills
It seems that you're very proud of your heritage
Its same in croatia
Isnt that basically the same
Everybody that can is leaving for better countries, so: who will be fighting?
this is Bosnian national dish
1 kn maybe two gums or two plastic bags in the store
Also, why not include balkan countries (I know this is the EU, but it would be "interesting". Also, what's up with Czechs and Slovaks
Links basically confirm what I said about Norman-Byzantine contacts, and as for the legend I mentioned, well it is a legend, not etimology.
Yes same here
We also gave you a place to film GoT, Star Wars, and many other movies and TV shows, the tie, torpedo, mechanical pencil, fingerprinting, rice chocolate, the Dalmatian and the Croatian shepherd
Remains of German WWII pilot and crashed plane discovered in Denmark after more than 70 years
Now if somebody were to tell me that is not so, then I'd feel devastated
"High school"
Then Slavonians just talk slowly having accents in the front but just generally speaking slow except for the northern part which speaks a little faster
i even said that it's mainly serbian criminal culture connected with turbofolk, it's not the same situation here
We don't store the sea anywhere, duh!!
Are you for incest, necrophilia, polygamy, zoophilia etc as well?
wearing birknestocks since before they were cool (and one of the reasons i still refuse to wear anything similar to it, it reminds me of old germans)
Hungary: die (I feel like I have to put an obvious disclaimer that this is a joke given our history together
Odvratno
it's always either religion or race wars
So do Croats and Slovenians :P
Punctual, organised, reliable
It is currently the only way to punish them.
But they choose not to
Italians have names for many Croatian, Slovenian, French, Swiss, German, Austrian cities too.
We banned dragons last year, though
The Australian model is necessary and should be copied.
"Lažeš ko Srbin"- "You lie like a Serb"
I don't know about the Hungarian Index, but the Croatian one is trash
Basically: "I disapprove of what you say, but I will defend to the death your right to say it
I'm not sure how can they even apply for asylum in the first place.
Religion is just such a non-issue in society most people probably don't even know anybody who is religious, so when arguably the most important person in the country says he actually believes in God it's...
It's like being in "Eastern Europe", but even worse.
You live and learn each day
In my 27 years I dont remember one single incident and I live in the capital, in "big" city like you said
Many places (Croatia included) just use it as you use toilet
Lol, you think so
I think there are some in Villach and also [Burgenland]
Also fun fact some names of towns actually kept the name varos(town in Hungarian) in their names like Vukovar, Daruvar or Bjelovar(all having "var" in the end) and in Hungarian Diakovar is Đakovo
You can't fix 1 thing by breaking 5 others
its finally summer here
I didn't say that everyone that gets married need to have kids, you made it up and are so blinded by your emotions that you've asserted it as something I've said, when I never did
I know I'm gonna get downvoted but I admire Swiss citizenship laws just beacuse your born there shouldnt give you the citizenship it's just most of the world does the opposite and people think it's normal sometimes a lot bureaucracy makes things well regulated
When buying stuff at the butcher or cold cuts/cheese we usually say the weight in "deka" as well
Sort of familiar, but I remember more Benjamin Blumchen from super rtl
Perhaps it reflects Germany during the tourist season?
If so, does that annoy you
Honorary **Macedonia** even though they are not neighbours - food and music
Some interesting trivia is sure to be skipped
I like all, but Ukraine has a special place in my heart and as it turns out many other Croats feel the same️
Nahh
[I died on this banned episode excerpt]
Sometimes you would end up with bloody knuckles, hence the name
Croatian -ić / -ović
In cursive, Z looks like backward 3 anyway so the line is not there anyway
I don't think the law recognizes Middle names at all
Idk about the other countries but the bad relationship with Bosnia, Kosovo and Croatia is due to it's politicians never getting over that there's no "Great Serbia".
But yeah, any foreigner who would tell me he knows about Croatia and croatian culture better than me would have an earful
Damn
I've never heard of anything that connects them
At least we have a different alphabet, if nothing else
* "The Expensive Rose" - A person offers you a rose for your SO, and when they hand you one, they ask for a ridicolously high price
Lol of all countries
Mostly English and German; Italian by the coast.
Anyway, it's safe to say that this was some sort of deal between Vučić and his puppet Šešelj, just so Vučić can say to the EU and the "west" something like "Look what's the alternative if you stop supporting me..."
Newspapers contain much more detail and most of them are in favour of Hillary Clinton.
Cynical people are mostly more intelligent than non-cynical ones
And if that doesn't give you a hint, the name of federal subject/region/district will also be omnipresent, you just need to find it on map.
What is better
Hladno piće? Cold drink
But then you have this [look] that's a bit darker, or this [one] I don't think that there are facial features that are just Croatian, but we could distinguish one another in style, manners, walk, etc
So basically my hometown got it's name from the verb "zagrabi" which translates to grab
Nobody cared, but most people were at least somewhat sympatethic since most of us were refugees.
It was an F117A, if I remember correctly, and Serbs were good sports about it, they apologized for not knowing it was supposed to be invisible
Honorable mention is France in the Napoleonic era
&#x200B;
You are just karma farming off of a tragic photograph
Right-wing political agenda is to persuade us how the era of socialism and Yugoslavia was horrible, literally concentration camp and how they brought the light of capitalism and ended that inhumane system
Aren't you a warzone and/or waiting in bread-lines?> etc etc.
They are not necessarily anti-German, but they do exist
You doing it all on your own is the entire point
Isn't PVV the strongest party in the Netherlands right now, polling at
Divide by the clubs in the prem
Knowing the speed of EU-USA diplomacy, sometime in 2045?
It's more like half of Slovenia is Italian in 1936...
President Donald Trump's call for better relations with Moscow that has alarmed Kiev while the conflict in its eastern region remains unresolved.
That all the money state infused in the Church in last 20 years is finally starting to show some results.
Wouldn't it be like me saying "the English" when referring to Scots, Irish and Welsh people even though I know it's incorrect
jede (he/she is eating) Ona jede povrće/She's eating vegetables
In croatian that sound is usually represented by "krc" but i guess this works too
Wait, indonesia has 700 languages
Not even 100 years - WWII is fresher than that.
IMO Katica and Slavica are not "ancient" sounding like Beowulf but more along the lines "someone born between 1880 and 1960" lol
My god that must have been a sight to behold
Croatia is seriously limited with the impossibility to plagiarize some foreign song and send it to Eurosong
To me that sounds like it's trying to say that it's a stark contrast to be black in Sweden as Swedes are amongst the palest people on the planet
Before 1945
Oh yes,us lot left in here are having such a great time
(Technically, we're the ones who had the sea)
I don't really think words, rather I see a map of europe
Can you give me a comparison maybe
There is a big chance all of the product was produced solely in DE
What are the odds
[Best I could find]
But to say it was **"close"** to the Nazi one that planned a total eradication of Poles as an ethnic group is just dumb
Okay yeah his politics are shit but no he's not Trump
Yeah, it's not like they even reach the highway or anything;
Can't say *what* I would call typically Croatian, since coastal parts are so different from the mountains and from the continental parts.
* it was one of the first states to use [quarantene]
Basshunter
I mean, yes, but actually no
Max price has been set to 12 kn per mask, and there were shortages for about 2 months (March and April)
I'm glad to see that our war is  mentioned and remembered
Kids are crappy artists and if you stick to what they can draw you end up with variations on "3 parallel lines" or "Cross on a background" that don't look unique at all
Unfortunately, lot of them didn't survived WWII.
same with balkans
Welcome to Uhljebistan: A Foreign Appreciation of the Cult of Uhljeb
How is the weather there, up your own ass?
No wonder it was declared as a biggest property bubble in the world
" part should've been "Marriage is the partnreship which is capable of bearing a family
(the strongest Croatian king)
Well I'm not touched because I'm convinced it's all rebuildable and restorable
It's very interesting and exciting actually
Those are all the "-stan's", AFAIK.
I listen to Ukrainian music every now and then as a matter of fact, and it‘s around 60% intelligible for me
Dont get me wrong, i like germany as a nation and i have a lot of german friends but i'm just not used to your mentality
In Croatia lots of people, especially shady businessmen and private investors have dual citizenship in bosnia
Wait, what
Just what we needed - the Russians telling us what to believe.
Brexit is happening so we might as well have someone who campaigned in favor of it do it, so that Brexiters can't moan forever that they've been backstabed and got the wrong kind of brexit
So in my country all germans are colloquially referred to as "Švabi" - same pronunciation - regardless of what part of germany they actually come from.
It's smooth as fuck, sounds amazing when sung, and as someone who has trouble with learning rules, it was the perfect language to pick up by ear
Only germans like their bread, it's simply not eaten anywhere else, there are so many other breads that are way better and tastier
I managed to wake my SO, grab the dog and cat, run out and on the way check for damages
I remember seeing a map of Tito busts in Croatia and all of them were in Istria
I'm actually surprised that Croatia is that low on the list
Trust me, you dont want that
How do you even come to these conclusions?
I actually wasn't trying to be ironic, we really do have an unusual shape.
The tricolor is a combination of flags of Banovina Croatia (Red + White), Dalmatia (Blue + Yellow) and Slavonia (Blue + White).
That’s what I was told in calculus class, but I think the dot is the only decimal separator in mathematics, so that’s the reason our teacher used dots
He means to say that its a silly assertion that the forces of the east are all made up of Russian military forces "on vacation." No one doubts that there are russian troops o the ground, but there are tons of local volunteers and volunteers from the region (and a few wierdo foreigners).
You're just as bad as the other guy in this moment.
thats my take on polish as well as a croatian
I could name more rivers and peaks than cities though heh
My birthtown Vinkovci (Cibalae) was founded by Romans and seems to be the oldest continually habitated town in Europe
You can perhaps tell them apart only in regards to fashion and make up
dar u kôm sva blaga višnji nam Bog je dô,
Czech ''amazing'' = Croatian ''horrible'' (užasny)
He Got out becouse a German needed someone to help around the house who spoke German
Rent-a-Jew project hopes to ward off anti-Semitism in Germany
I took some liberty here
But if you are an owner of a company, and your workers now work one day less, it means your production dropped by more or less 20%. Do you really expect hourly wages to rise in order to keep monthly total the same with less work days
so no spanish
In 1593 Croats fought Ottomans there and if Croats were to lose, Ottomans would've had a clear path to Vienna
But he caused the current political situation.
There are at least 2
Ukraine is most certainly in Euope son.
But moustaches were popular in some region like 50 years ago
On behalf of croatia
According to this I am Gypsy
well there ARE street view data for Germany
i like how scandinavian names sound
I don't know why the OP has invented her nationality
English being present everywhere and having such simple grammar made it really easy to learn
You still aren't getting Dalmatia
The port on the outlet / charger
A poll is what we here call "anketa".
P.S. I quit trying to make the last translation less creepy
Well I consider EU a threat to my country and their anti nationalist sentiment
Many Serbs (especially from Bosnia) simply don't wan't to accept it.
Anyway, last I heard of them I think they talked about gaining some seats somewhere, though I guess that was likely in some regional parliament or even some municipal council
So the most spoken second languages are German in the majority and Italian in the minority
It's true for both
It was a country filled with Croats, Serbs and Muslims.
Which is true to some degree, Slovenia and Croatia were under A-H and Venetian influence through most of their history, while the rest of the ex-Yu countries were not, excluding Vojvodina.
Just go into the nearest coffee shop (disclaimer: you cant be more than 500 meters from one) and politely ask to use the toilet
I think you'll find this varies a lot from member state to member state
Morbi et sapien nec diam egestas dapibus
Just dont tell me you're istrian because everything i believe in will fall apart
It wasn't a Belgian colony it was Leopold's personal property
Nadam se opet ćemo razgovarati
Not me but my mom fled from Bosina durning war and she never went back
Hmmmm
During the battle, shells and rockets were fired into the town at a rate of up to 12,000 a day
Its common between family members (parents, aunts, cousins, etc) and friends that you havent seen in a while
Why leave at all
The lowest tower seems like a crossbowman's dream come true.
Albania : Hold my concrete
Judging by your nick you are Czech?
Well, we usually suck at qualifying and surprise at the msin tournaments
BUT that changed quite a bit since then: West EU isn't importing low-skilled workers at the same rate as before and/or stuff grew 200% more expensive here in the meanwhile.
Dumbass kids don't even know how to swim apparently
Weren't the domobrani the Yugoslav army and not the puppet state army
An accountant doing his books would negate most if not all of the gains so he now essentially has a part time job on top of his full time job
The first third is common knowledge, all other is thanks to KanColle and various naval research and events
Just curious because I'm moving there soon
Thank God, Croatian is phonetically written, so we can always know how to pronounce or write down a word upon hearing it for the first time
The issue are mostly young people who come over in big groups thinking Croatia is a cheap party destination and then proceed to stay wasted for 90% of their stay, making a big mess of everything
They are your adoptive parents, legal guardians, or whatever the term is in your country
So I see absolutely no reason why the Belgian government would apologize for something it didn't do
It broke my heart when people approached him and asked if he wanted an ambulance (as he was seriously hurt) after which he replied he doesnt want one as he is unable to afford it
Croatia is also heavily centralized, but due to relatively small population it doesn't show on the map.
I saw a post from another girl from my elementary who said this was a sign of God for closing the church
A single person posts this photo on which it (perfectly undisputably) *seems* that another individual is doing the Nazi salute, proceeds to with certainty label it as what the title is, and **literally everybody** jumps on the bandwagon
Prevent the assasination of Franz Ferdinand
5h car trip or 2
Patrick has a normal accent but its just very deep to sound idiotic, and my memory is bad but I think Luna also has a Dalmatian accent
I'm surprised seeing as I've studied 5.
We actually flay them on the main square every second sunday in a month and during the full moon
Was this article an interpretation of this movie, [Our kind of traitor]
U je za Uvijek tu (U is for always nearby)
Pretty crazy to think about
Yes, but its not just an accent, it's the whole different dialects
All the rules are written either with "shall" or with "may", depending on the importance of the rule
I don't want mentally ill men in skirts near my daughter, thanks.
kuda - "where" in the context of direction
Also, [Mapillary]
10000% biscuits
That is a violation of free speech as well.
For example "kann, cremen, sechs" all of these words have the "k" sound, but three spellings
We are so irrelevant that the only time we are in international media is when we mess up big time so yeah, no thanks
I can kinda see why she wouldn't accept the U.S. as an answer because, while it does indeed contain a metric fuckton of ethnicities, a person's ethnicity isn't really *that* relevant
I just now saw the videos and reports and it looks kinda bad
That being said, there's an obvious problem with corruption, health care and other stuff so yeah, you win some, you lose some
Dunno, but I'd reckon most could name that Hirohito was the emperor of Japan during WW2.
Can anyone tell me what she said
Was there a referendum or something similar on that ?
Serbo-Croatian is the best language in the world when it comes to curse words
fine
It seems in Poland they pay you extra because of sin exposure.
My first game was Diablo II where "overburdened" was used so I thought that's the only word for it
Not on the frontline, not in Serbia.
You serious
I don't think we have any stereotypes about us specifically
You can own muzzle loading matchlocks without firearms documentation I believe.
And this is just geographic
Not great, not terrible
I am attending a technical school in Osijek so 90% of the time I am surrounded by people who want to be "like everybody else" and are not that interested in geeky things
Was probably made to trigger some people.
Here, you have to have it on your person at all times as police can stop to "legitimize" you at any moment and not being able to provide an identification is a punishable offense
It consists of several buildings for housing soldiers, staff and administration and several hangars used for ammunition and military hardware storage
I've only once met an extreme supporter of gay rights who wasn't emotionally unstable
Elaborate
They're positively viewed in Hungary but are viewed as oppressive tyrants in Croatia
So we decided it would be so fun to find the dumbest song, the one with zero chance to win, and call and vote for that song
* Slavonija: hardworking people, empty fields, tons of emigration
There are always morons, but as I said, because of our history with Italy fascists aren't that popular.
Croatia used to be called Horvatska before we dropped the O. The Horvat surname to us is what "Smith" is to the anglosphere
also, čvarci, pancerota, prikle, off the top of my head
The last woman who did this was raped and killed in Turkey.
"No rakije, rakije, rakije, amo
Even our current president is publicly crying how Yugoslavia was "behind the Iron curtain" and that communism was endless darkness while in reality as a teenager she went to high school in the USA
Rest of the world: Yeah, we had some minor skirmishes and fought over this regions/resource, it was horrible, hope it never happens again
Which
There are still poets and artists that have been born in the region claimed by Italians as theirs
too casual
Hahahahahah I also had no idea that "trudna" is tired in slovenian, until now
Christmas In The Czech Republic: Santa Claus VS.
/r/mahnitimomci
If religion is the only thing seperating all these people then how do you explain that Croats and Slovenes are different ethnicities?
I think you forgot one large Asian country
Can you give me a link
ONE-TIME" flyer
And now we have the Trump-Brexit mixture, it almost makes me stop interneting.
The Wikipedia data shows we're the tallest.
Zagreb, the largest city in Croatia
000
Slovenia -ič
Vers vert verre ver
I've always heard only "rock, paper, scissors" (kamen, papir, škare), "diamond" would be to long to say
/r/theydidthemath
Huh, wikipedia states that bogoris is Iranian in origin;
There's a pretty good list of evidence and what we know here:
It was on one or two movies and then people told them thats fucking retarded and you are insulting us.
Because during the time the mass killings and atrocities were happening Congo was not a Belgian colony and the Belgian government had no control of it
For comparison, it's what an Italian will tell you about Venice.
Lmao Croatian party got like 0,1%
Kind of a metaphor, isn't it
A new square is also in the process of building
mjesec (moon and month) is male, though
Just remember us in cooler times after we're all gone
Commander: "Tank be serious"
(joke)
Seljacine
Probably Americans brate
And C) i had no idea may 9th is europe day, it is not celebrated in any way so there will be no extra EU flags anywhere
I don't see a gelato in this photo
[Battle of Krbava Field in 1493] we lost a lot of our nobility that day and it kinda reduced our standing compared to the Hungarians
Also around a fifth of the population speak pure Bosnian doe they never admit it
Romania, Bulgaria, Greece, Croatia and so on ...
Do you even read what people are telling you
I know maybe a handfull of them, and all of them are 70+.
S.A.R.S.
Significantly smaller, and significantly poorer than the capital
But if the hiking trail is too busy, it can become boring
I'm sure it's a thing for a lot of people, but I personally never met a non native that spoke English like a native
I didn't know that it's well know in Serbia as well, that is very cool
In slovenian they do not have this problem as they use only "č" and Serbs have clear distinction in the pronounciation between those two, so they make less mistakes
Promaja AKA propuh AKA widowmaker
When was the last time you saw some actual updates on the Baltics, Ukraine or Turkey?
I don't eat bread
Norsemen came on Iceland 1000 years ago and instead of being part of Denmark or Norway they are Iceland now.
Also, a lot of times children live close by so they go to school together
You're being arogant
Lol Italy and Croatia, what are those two anyways
But ethnically speaking we're not bosnians either
our politicians literally forgot to fill the paperwork on time, even after EU sent a notice to remind them to do it
It was where Western culture originated and where it was reborn during the Renesanse
That was not so good, so we decided to tear it all down, install nationalistic pro-nazi oligarchies of greedy imbeciles, install idiotic priests that preach hatred and crime, introduce corruption, theft, hatred, and greed as the highest virtues on all levels, bring back all the ghosts of the past that we had once defeated and giggle in that sewer of pride with our "democracy" and "capitalism" and especially the new-found "freedom". Since we are never happy with our achievements, now we move away and emigrate in large numbers from that pot of shit
I mean there's the occasional dog or cat, but not muxh
Wat
I've seen it, but I don't follow it as I don't know much about Schulz or why he became a meme so I don't think I would get the jokes.
And our laws clearly state that there are jurisdictional borders that the legislative and judiciary bodies can't cross, but the executive can.
The delegation simply threw the paper out during their trip and said we're joining without preconditions
Tito was sort of a Croat, in Dalmatia partisans were overwhelmingly Croats from the day one, but in other parts of Croatia only command cadre was mostly Croatian in the first few years, while most of the fighters were Serbs.
Slovenians have the German system of 20s and so on
I was curious how would Damir Kedžo do since he's a really solid vocalist, but, well, corona
Here is explained how is each letter in Croatian pronounced.
Yes
Also the oldest  national theatre is here in Osijek too
I don't expect foreign schools to teach about Croatian history
Say in biology, do you have textbooks and reports in both scripts or is any preferred
We share a lot
Btw, does anyone have any sort of data on how much money each country will get
You'd be surprised how much croatians want to consider themselves close to Italy
Just to note here, in the past the languages were much more diverse than today
Drinking at work, straight up uncool
because even countries that were occupied by Russia like Slovakia and hungary are becoming pro-russia because they identify with traditional values.
If you keep the religions freedom we maybe be cool with it
• as - ace
I'm not wine expert so here is [link] to Wikipedia.
But most schools are enforcing students to learn at least 2 foreign languages, so in a few years hopefully situation will change on better.
I mean Croatia is usually just the coatline, national parks and the capital Zagreb so the "videk" here is usually the east part of the country(Slavonia)
So when I woke up I legit thought I was still dreaming
Bulgarian -ov
Love from Croatia
Also I'd feel angry if i were to find out it was not an accident
Isnt that an anthems job
The bucket he took was previously used to feed pigs
So you're telling me i wont be able to open my own hotel with 5 cents
We're not talking abstract morality here.
Slovenia : NO
The dalmatian, although they are quite wild apparently - so just like the human Dalmatians :P
Most of Serbian scene are males looking like the biggest hillbillies seen, or females that have so much silicones and botox in themselves and sing crappy songs
*insert conspiracy theory* confirmed !
Since that's an actual word in Slovene, I guess that's why we call it like that.
He's basically the epitome of corruption and money laundering
-Listen you, band of serbian volunteer guerillas,
Obviously this is another case such as transnistria and abkhazia...
To be fair, the peace is more do to NATO than the EU
EU is Germany's attempted to run Europe,
[Tamo Daleko, (Far, far away)] - Very emotional, detailing the nostalgia for their occupied fatherland of the Serbian army-in-exile on Corfu
**Slovenia and Hungary** \- I always respected how, in terms of politics, they seemed to have their stuff together way more than us
Locusts
But they were always there since the beginning of south slavic history and so were the Croats in Vojvodina
Solvenia are u alright
Well
I dont discrimate people for being different
Not specific enough :)
> Second, I guess my lesbian parents count as married in your eyes, and that’s nice
Well they had to suffer because of the Nazis and their own regime ...
They can only consume goods if they can pay for them, which they can't because they have no money, because they have no jobs.
As a nation, no, not really
Your mistake was giving them that choice by losing the war
Osijek has an old town Tvrđa which is currently on the might be UNESCO heritage list
Social rights are very important in Europe and most of the republican standings are unaccaptable here.
Love you all
Kosovo would stay frozen as it is for the time being
There's just the issue with the term "marriage" being used as the term for the same-sex relationships being embodied in the legal sense
Used as cooking ingredient, but not that much
Then mostly Greece with short interlude about persians
- *Boli me kurac - My dick hurts*
We also have a lot of Italian names for coastal towns in Croatia which sound very Mediterranean to me and nice
Any updates on the injured fireman
Used as cooking ingredient, but not that much
Curing the symptoms not the disease.
how can I know that the exact same shit isn't being shoved down my throat from western media?
By digging a pit followed by swift shooting
Hydro energy, Wind energy and Solar energy
No humanity - no problems
Most often localised names are used, sometimes are not
And do something about it
times, we were a kingdom within an empire.
It is hilarious that they really put 3 languages on everything ...
Well personally, i thing that something big is gonna happen i future in Balkans again
EDIT: Seriously you don't know how many times I've been tried to sold the new Dormeo mattress, or the super good Delimano pan and some walkmaxx shoes for my aching feet
That's how it works in Croatian
In Bosnia for example, the plates are made random on purpose, because some cantons over there are basically *in war* and having clear identifier visible on your car could lead to some bad situations
Though, you can expect pretty much any european to say this about their language
Either way, welcome to Europe :)
50 thousand bikes get stolen every year in Amsterdam alone
Historical determinism is BS
Personally I dislike Italians much more than the Brits, I'm just telling you what the public opinion is like throughout the country
Tko se nije skril, magarac je bil
not sure if joking
Germans and French: "Thanks, we'll pass this time
Same in Croatia
Wow, of course the worst statistics are in black
Theres a lot of theories going around for where the word comes from or what it means but there's a lot of disagreement going on
Pro-tip
No Slovenia and Czechia were in the same union . It included parts of Poland, Ukraine, Czechia, Slovakia, Slovenia, Croatia, Bosnia, Romania, Italy, and Hungary
And then there is also the poem Horvatska domovina, which later became the national hymn
Our building shook so fucking hard, it was literally going like 10 degrees in every direction
A train from my city to other city around 20 ish km is 15 kuna or around 2 euro
>The fact that Bosnia existed before Ottomans has nothing to do with the borders of todays Croatia and BiH
We call the meals ''gablec'' if you are from mainland or ''marenda'' if you are on the coast
Its not funny mocking a disabled person
"Mr Putin has pledged to defend ethnic Russians wherever they live."
Yes
Well like half of the population of Croatia has either emigrated to Ireland or is planning to, so yes, Ireland is Balkan
**Vienna secession**
No, it was a knightly order within the Teutonic state until 1435, it is only after 1435 that they become a separate political entity.
Cameron didn't stake his position on the outcome.
If you can't afford, sometimes a local priest pays for it
This is more of a generalized Balkan stereotype, but I hate it when people think we all hate each other, like nah, most people here are normal regular human beings and have nothing against other regular people from other countries
I miss snow
He is from bosnia and herzegovina, he moved to zagreb in his early 20s.
Croatian MIGs are Bis/D, similar to your LanceR
The country itself is only 25 years old
The lads do that thing in the UK thinking that dressing up as a woman is some sort of hilarious joke no one ever thought of before
QED
This submission and most of the thread is so wrong on so many levels.
Someone needs to send them this.
One of the biggest fuck you is when you attempted to make Hungarian our (Croatian) official language
Ngl croatian politics could be turned into a sitcom
It would be less depressing
The most recent case is Zdravko Mamic, it's even become a meme now that whenever there is some laege sentencing against someone (happens every few weeks) we joke how there might be some traffic jams on Bosnian border
The fact that there is a backlash against the EU has nothing to do with Bannon.
Haha, oh man, you would be hard pressed to find anybody in Croatia who likes the way people in Zagreb speak.
The French haven't started a referendum to stick it to their closest allies in the first place
Austria then and austria now are 2 different countries tho
I was surprised too that Molly didn't do better in 2014, but we cannot be blamed for not giving points to Electro Velvet or [this]
The word, yes, but the concept originates from Dubrovnik, the Venetians just elongated it from 30 to 40 days
meanwhile in Croatia I saw that somebody wrote "SEIG HEIL"[sic] on the side of a building....
000 jobs and half of economy connected to Agrokor (biggest retailer in the country, distributor of Croatian agriculture products, food sector etc
In a TL;DR, it's the shedding of the uterine lining.
Technically, he just kidnap her.
that an article pops up saying there is no evidence whatsoever.
Well Austria had is fits and could act like a bitch, but what did Germany or Bulgaria do to hurt the feelings of Italy?
- no, cro-a-sha
It's a tired old joke, and it's stupid because the same situation exists in Scandinavia and nobody is making a big deal out of it and then typing comments like "welcome to Scandinavia".
Um, there are 13 000 Chupniks in Chukotka along with 2-3000 of other tribes and their numbers are growing.
Honestly I never thought of English as a hard language
You mean after they started showing Le Pen leading them?
> people who are more than happy to defend these assholes
When I was a kid, a volleyball and a football anime were by far my favorite cartoons.
Following your logic, do you think that water and food should be criminalized
I thought the question implied why it's popular in our respective countries
Can, can people ice skate on in?
I really don't like hearing croatian when i go somewhere
Also, Stjepan’s wife was called Hicela and there is a queen Domaslava mentioned somewhere
Yeah, I hate when that happens
They have nothing to do with other religious institutions and so on.
The far left blames the ones responsible; large corporations (for the most part).
* 10^15 -> Bilijarda
Even if it is, I don't think anyone would abide by it
My theory that could be wrong is it's popular because most people in western europe or good percentage of it is renting their flat
even people from the south (where the standardized language comes from) and the capital have things to nake fun of about their accents
Furnace = Peć
Oh, well
Now, before you start with the "well it's their own fault
Or Istanbul
Ceca has her own problems
Most Serbs came here during the Ottoman conquests and became border guards
Noone knows if NATO would intervene in a conflict in central europe maybe they would just let it go like the UN sometimes
i recently moved to åland, finland and cant wait for summer for the first time in my life, not dealing with temperatures i had back in Rab, Croatia from 35-40c on average is gonna be fantastic
At least according to it's inhabitants
Well my zero evidence theory is that he really liked his hussar battalions
>often end with -ev, -ov, -ski
That's very close to what I heard, but in Croatian, kurva means whore.
Warcry that calls for defending your homes are you OK ..?
I've never heard someone hating turks over here
“Die Hard” became “Die Manly” (Umri muški)
Except in this situation there are actual issues that cannot be worked around.
Yes, but with Trump it's terribly great
Check our sous le ciel de paris as well, i love that one
You said it's geographically correct, not me.
It depends, regionally, where I live (Dalmatia, Croatia) people (men) drink wine after lunch
Pelješki most here
I've already seen it, but thank you
My dad incorporated for tax reasons while still basically being an employee and he gets to keep a bit more than he makes, but regrets the move
This
Given that pretty much no one else understands you Hungarians even a bit (unlike the roman family or slavene family), I would expect some foreign language to be there.
I must say, as a Croat, it's easier to understand Slovaks than Czechs
You live in the Vukovar water tower?
Almost all elvish in modern fantasy is inspired or outright stolen from welsh and Irish
Visited Vienna with a few friends, came to our hotel
i saw some text written in Lithuanian the other day.
How Finland solved homelessness?
i'd go fucking crazy if i lived there
Time-Time album is great
It's probably one of the reasons why I can't see myself living here after finishing my studies
It is something different compared to traditional museums
When DotA became a meme I decided to listen to all gis stuff
It was an F117A, if I remember correctly, and Serbs were good sports about it, they apologized for not knowing it was supposed to be invisible
You're right
Its likely someone at the city office where you register your child would talk to you if you wanted to use some inappropriate name, but AFAIK, you could name your child anything
Great, can't wait to watch all the explosions on liveleak.
Are people even aware they have abandoned Kemalism
We have Krampii as well
Sometimes, but I do not really care
It's more of a fun fact
Zagreb, it's most likely a dedication to Gotovac's performance.
Also, I understand Slav English better than native speakers
Lock screen -
Ali naposljetku je ministar zdravstva, na pitanje tko je odgovoran za smrt velikog broja članova staračkog doma u Splitu, gdje je bilo puno sumnjivih radnji, rekao "meni se čini da je kriv virus". A ravnatelj doma na poziciju postavljen po stranačkoj liniji
What else could it be
Well, read the contract better then, because Croatia will need to take care of 50% of waste and bear 50% of decommissioning costs
Samo ti daj, uvijek nam fali fun factova
Too many townships, too many useless workplaces in statehood jobs etc
But this year we had an occurence  while I was at sea, where it didnt rain but it was thundering
For most of people, yes
And millions of Muslims want to live in Hungary, nowhere else
Each class section has around 30 students at the beginning of the 1st HS grade (so 9th grade in German and English system)
Restoration 100
Slovenia, Croatia, Serbia, BaH, Montenegro and Macedonia all in Croatia
A lot of homeless/poor people make a living out of collection bottles on the street
I catch a fish or two and just as I'm about to start packing, stupid birds attack me and empty me of my catch
The Serbs already declared themselves to the aggressor by attacking Croatia and Bosnia.
> just as a portion of Croats support Gotovina
Yay my country Croatia is getting popularrrrr
It is scaring the entire world.
Yes because Serbia is not and will not be in NATO
In Croatia i would be mostly seen as a homosexual (cuz why would i support them if im not logic), in western europe i would be seen as mildy homophobic.
Our President, Milanović, is from Social Democratic Party (SDP), which is centre-left, and our PM, Plenkoivić, is from the Croatian Democratic Union (HDZ), which is centre-right
Well i personally wouldn't leave Europe except for few places like Japan,USA,etc.
ups meant 3 m/s, for the rest it would depend on the person and their preferences.
Which is totally absurd
We didn’t use to do that until a couple of years ago when some random man walked into our house
a lot of people can die before someone can actually do something in those situations.
Miklós IV Zrínyi holding out against the Ottomans at the siege of Szigetvár long enough for Suleiman to die of old age
I am more afraid od stray dogs or wild animals than people
The most scariest thing I felt in my life
We must seize the means of purrduction!
Some are pretty much nonexistent in modern times (Trpimir, Vojnomir etc
You've just demonastrated my point
Along the river you can walk throughout the whole length of the city and also Trams which are the first ones in Croatia and still go through the whole city
I'm loving all this crying about hating UK while saying they wish EU to burn.
Please don't go exploring our mountain region in flip-flops and a bathing suit.
Northern Europe, I know about vikings and that's it
Throwing people in holes
"Gore gore gore gore"
There's too many to list them all, so here's a few:
Croatian has an extremely fixed pronunciation as well.
F1 fans know it
>  It may even illegal by international law, which in contrast to military type services clearly forbid mandatory citizen work
Afraid of how many innocent people just trying to live their lives and having no connection to him, or the US, that would suffer if this happened
It is sad to see it like this :/
Bosnia is just a mess but culturally I don't feel any connection with it, especially not as I am Zagorje born and Istria raised
An accountant doing his books would negate most if not all of the gains so he now essentially has a part time job on top of his full time job
Especially here in Dalmatia I mostly just call everyone (except my ancestors and siblings) either teta, barba (those two go for non-blood related people too, especially if I knew them from childhood and also as a generic term for unknown adult) or rođak
Cockta is so fricking good
I am more afraid od stray dogs or wild animals than people
You might have a cold then
Hercegovina is perpetually on the brink of saying fuck it and everyone moving to Croatia and the Muslim population is slowly being radicalized.
Croatia has free universities but idk if they have classes in english
Have at least 600ml every day
Is Turkey capable for such a war.
That he doesn't believe in conspiracies (chemtrails, vaccination...); or that believing in those things doesn't make you a conspiracy theorist?
Open them up and taste them only to find the German one is tasty but the eastern european version made in Poland tastes not so good compared to the German version.
000
Jag ocksa lärde mig svenska med duolingo, kanske ska jag arbeta där.
We migrated to the Balkans, destroyed/subjugated the Avars and became a Duchy.
He's not a head of state per se but is our capital's mayor and has been for 15 years
Donec id nisi placerat ipsum scelerisque hendrerit
And that leader would naturally favour certain things closer to their own culture" - no it wouldn't. Look at Balkans- Slovenia, Croatia, Bulgaria, Greece and other parts -  Estonia, Latvia, and Lithuania, Hungary, Romanian, Czech republic and Slovakia, Ireland and to some degree Denmark, All small countries and leaders are easily influenced by promise of monetary help for support in EU parliament, so they can present it back home in their favor for more votes next election
Okay I really wanna know how French people pronounce Panzerkampfwagen lmao
That example of Black Americans being more prone to heart conditions comes across as something that's not *that* affected by the more psychological side of the equation.
It takes a lot of energy to overcome air resistance at those speeds
They are dangerous animals and should be treated that way
Also sometimes Habsburška monarhija (Habsburg monarchy)
Around 2010 the local film and animation fans club set up a video projector in my favorite rock bar and showed episodes of this cartoon.
so no spanish
I would rether use Itallian "Croazia". It sound much nicer
Do you call [this] Burek sa sirom or Sirnica
I don't have a lot of experience, but a common tradition in shift work jobs here is, if you work the late/night shift, to take regular smoke breaks and stay at work an hour longer to make sure the morning shift (aka me) has to do every fucking thing you didn't do
EDIT: Thx u/carrottossy for the reminder
Doesn't matter if you're not great at the game,even the worst players are better than AI.
For a Croatian alternative visit the bay of river Krka from Šibenik to Skradin and visit Krka national park
Don't forget that commissars shoot any retreating soldier
Considering how active those people are, I'm surprised we don't have any big ones here
I’ve been a massive fan ever since it came out and wish more people appreciated the masterpiece it is
Fuck, I'm laughing so hard
But spending money on refugees is an economic stimulus.
It's not universally thought as a third language what are you talking about?
lolol about the dump wow
For christ sake, went several times to paris, walked the northern parts
It’s used when you want to say you have absolutely no clue about the topic
I know why italy is there, it's mainly because i find italians too loud, i think there's a lot of corruption in the country and other things which i wrote elsewhere
Maybe, it is probably just personal opinion but Russian Cyrillic is different from the Serbian one
Heard he dosn't have the money for internet these days.
Also, on my senior trip to Czechia we went to a Becherovka factory in Karlovy vary
Wouldn't be able to give specific examples of places, I haven't been in a couple years, but literally everything I ate was great.
There is one near my town
This depends on the culture of a smoker, i've had many fuckers taking a seat next to me(trainstation) with a smoke.
Nezz, kod mene tu je Ludi Dan, i u mom gradu, i u Sisku i cijeloj okolici
We go over all of the authors listed as well, some being read in full (Zola, Moliere, Voltaire, Camus, Balzac, Flaubert, Corneille) and learn about some of them and read excerpts of texts :)
The whole world is slowly going towards legalizing weed but you guys want to go in the opposite direction and ban everything that's bad for you
I think ours is ok
What are Russian or American media if not enormous propaganda machines for the elites of their countries?
[Hajduk Split]
Important to note here is that I moved cause of work and school
For anyone who is confused:
We don't really have a country-romance like there is between Poland and Hungary, for example.
In this photo taken from the International Space Station, the European Space Agency's Automated Transfer Vehicle-3 (ATV-3) is seen on approach for docking.
[That's just a special treatment I have for you, Joko11.]
swear words
I feel a massive divide between myself and the americans, while I have no problem at all talking with fellow Europeans
We call them "marelice", probably from Austrian term "marille"
fucking up badly
Also, stats say most old people vote for these two corrupt parties
Really
There is no Leave package that won't piss off the majority of Leave voters and make them decry the evil Conservatives for betraying them.
Most of my family freaks out without bread
Also sometimes Habsburška monarhija (Habsburg monarchy)
i don't know man, drywall isn't that reliable as well
Drinking coffee on a nearby terrace during work hours
Everyone or basically everyone is fine.
Same experience here
Also I though Murcia wasn't nearly as big
Thanky you Orban for sticking up for your own people and culture and being anti PC and now you even try to help others truly no country in europe has a better leader.
I live in Germany and the local Bäckerei Haferkamp which seems to have a monopoly there is shit and super expensive
[Yup
But some remains can be found in almost every coastal city
Same here
Donji Miholjac-Croatian/Alsomiholjac-Hungarian/Unter-Miholtz-German
EDIT: Seriously you don't know how many times I've been tried to sold the new Dormeo mattress, or the super good Delimano pan and some walkmaxx shoes for my aching feet
But they did not keep the podium and debate format, instead they turned it into 1 on 1 extended interview with the candidate
It always puts me in a good mood when I listen to it
We don't really know why we run zoom calls so much, but we do know we will stop July 30
It's a bit suspicious that you would get about as many Czechs as you would Brits.
for consumption for the rest of the year, and this is something that was once done in every household but now is more and more dead
People are similar, they speak similar (a lot of people in Rijeka have adopted parts of Zagreb slang as well northern dialectal words and the pronunciation, to some extent, this would be unimaginable in Split)
Hey now, there's plenty AIs and infidels to beat for all of us!
It wasn't built with the US of the 21st century in mind, or the 20th or the latter half of the 19th for that matter.
I dont really care since i work in stem research so we dont follow 7 day schedule anyway
Coastal Croatia (Primorje, Dalmatia, Istria) was historically under huge Roman/Venetian/Italian influence and you can say that by architecture in any city
Croatian word for castle is dvorac or zamak.
Older people like him more, younger don’t.
It just makes me more patriotic and willing to fight for my country
Cynical would definitely be the right word for it
Because here in the Balkans we are mostly against things based on how they look or how we're supposed to react to them, as you already know
I get it now
I have pizza cutter somewhere in the dusty drawer
To my stupefied surprise, both are half-half...
There is realy no need for Russian propaganda and questionable nazi insignia, the sole fact that Croatia exists is enogh for Serb nationalists and their sentiments.
Hate cruiser tourist
Apparently they say that if a man can carry his wife down every step, the marriage will last/be happy.
As for getting married and double standards, greatly depends on the family
Mostly grammar I'd say, but I really don't know
Ill say rijeka from the bigger ones (ex-industrial, port town with a mishmash of every style possible)
Or when entering the bus
We also say our vows in front of our bishop
I'm actually surprised that Croatia is that low on the list
Zagreb was capital city since then
In Croatia we don't have segregation of religion from state so yeah the TV is full of Catholic stuff.
This debate has been going for a very long time and we're no closer to an answer
but what law allow him to conquer the Duchy ?
"lest you entertain the thought"? literally it is "(you) may think"
We should all be more like Lithuania
Germany *alone* is 11.4% of our exports and 15.5% of our imports...
Puši kao Turčin - to smoke like a Turk, just means someone smokes alot
“You are a Balkan country” will trigger half and half not :)
Spain, but in a weird way
With younger kids and parties at someones home, usually parents stay and socialize
[anyone up for some green grass with acid milk?]
really friendly while they're still half conscious but that must be the drugs
I'd thought that only americans have that
So people just have a general feel for Slavonia being the poor part looked down on even tho it is the best part of the country but I'm biased here since I live here
Are you thinking of a hedgehog
Guys who installed that plauque could have find much more appropriate way to honor their fallen comrades.
Ah yes
Then again, maybe people here don't go into Porn because we get fucked by out governments on a regular basis
Write it as two seperate thigns, please and thank you very much our dear neighbour
Here, some liken calamari to circumcision leftovers.
I can't find the info
I despise this book and find it boring af
Or even better, Die Like a Man
He could have lost the vote by another 10 million votes and he still might have won.
So true
But fuck that, let us rather focus on Iran.
I mean Magyar hussars are kind of a no brainer, but I was trying to connect the dots on that Napoleon quote
Everyone kept telling me French people are rude and refuse to speak english
You're part of the dregs of English society
Just don't mention the war
South American countries, Japan, Korea
Also, living in the far eastern parts I can actually see the entire mountain and at the edge of my neighbourhood you can really have a wonderful view of it
We are not sure if Tomislav was ever crowned as king, but he was for sure recognised as one
That's so crazy to hear
Add "conservatism is the new punk".
Let's go Cockta
How can you write about Croatian government collapses and forget about Orešković. I still can't believe we had a Canadian prime minister
or we will just keep dodging that problem because no one wants nuclear waste near them.
It could go both ways tbh
Huh oh boy, we suck up to turkey everytime we can, along with that we also suck up to israel and usavall the time also and all decisions they make we support, and lately we are starting to suck up to china
We have a bunch of candidates but I'm not really fond of either of them.
As someone who lives on an Island where we got a lot of tourists, dealing with Italians I'd say is the 2nd worst, number one being Hungarians who are somewhat worse then the Italians due them not refusing to speak English but simply flat out not knowing any other language.
This is due to HDZ's fame after winning the Independence War, and SDP's for Yugocentrics
Yes definitely, Rijeka was just built on a cliff and it got big because Austria-Hungary needed a port somewhere
Here, it’s generally accepted you say “Bok” (a greeting) to someone if you’re passing them, with not many other people in sight
Some got them from serving in the military, some for licesend hunting etc but in most cases they are not used to hurt another civilian
EU secret headquarters, hidden somewhere in the Bruxelles underworld
I would be very reserved about Middle eastern Muslims, not because of religion but vastly different cultures
Now my body hurts
) And when they find out I'm not it's  "ugh, stupid rich internationals thinking they can pay their way in here"
Nobody knows why, not even those who send them
should be taking in the young men and women and give them weapons and training and send them back
Fucking assholes
Telling me I was wrong about my country, where it was, or what the language was like
The people in the comment section used to be very sceptical and he got busted pretty fast.
Aleksa Veliki
She was a singer before she became famous
We're one of the leading countries in the world regarding organ transplants
You would be surprised but the lettering the Sun uses are black with a white rim.
It's the same in Croatia but we had our lunch break after the 3rd period
Any you keep your right hand because ...
Now i can properly insult an estonian
Seriously FB can fuck off
If you're willing to scale back consumption and pick what you're going to blow your money on more carefully, you'd have more time off
Can someone TL;DR what's going on with Netherlands?
I'm jealous of you
I thought he was French
Eu forces are actually pretty big, but not integrated and that's the biggest problem right now.
Well I'm gonna go here and only talk about standard Croatian accents not the dialects
It seems you have mistaken me for someone else.
A lot of our "blondes" that are born blonde(ish) turn light/medium brown by the time they come to 20's.
'Tis the tent of Aga, Hasan Aga;” - Asanaginica, by Ivan Mažuranić
Edit: You can put any verb instead of "jebe" on that place and it will translate to the: "I feel like *insert the verb*"
As if you would take an interest if you weren't exposed to that bs
Everything is homogenous
From a Croat point of view (how I was taught in primary school), we include Slovenia and southern parts of Romania around the Danube as Balkans as well
It's a rap song
You are speaking as if we were in contact with Russia
*Cries in not included*
- Ante Pavelić (leader of the Nazi puppet state during WW2, probably the most infamous one)
Europe heavily relies on immigration.
Russia may take over Croatia's biggest private company
But I payed a couple of times with my dad's debit card
edit: however this is why I always have a soft spot for brits, they invented best sport ever
It is extremely sad
I find this scenario very plausible
Do Italian tourists do
You forget the amount of international violence - that's also a factor.
Well, why don't the c h a n g e i t.
* Split: Croatia's Florida, but with a lot more thugs 'n' drugs
[Rest in Peace] - About a prison cemetery and a journalist who explores it.
I was expecting the Hungarian one to be lower, speaking from experience with Hungarian tourists, I've not met a single one IRL that could understand and speak English or any other language, it often made dealing with Hungarian tourists problematic for all of us living and working in the tourist heavy zones such as the coast line and islands since almost no one knows Hungarian
Tbh I don't get how so many can say that EU made Europe weaker.
In general the ex-Yougoslavian states are pretty tolerant of other races its other balkan people that prople here can't stand
I think, they had their reasons to kick nazis out of the Netherlands
And it's the media mostly that makes it that big of a deal tbf
Our hallways looked like [this] in High School
I meant various reasons why some regions vote for Le Pen, some for Macron, some for Fillon?
I know because I literally went through there that summer
Bills would get paid by the money i have saved since i said "if i didnt have to worry about the money". If i get sick of it i'd just fly back home during the summer
First thing out new president did was visit Slovenia
Some of our neighbors flooded, too.
You think that is medieval border gore?
If I have classes: wake up about hour and a half before class, smoke a fag and check Facebook, get out of bed into the bathroom to brush my teeth/shave/wash my face, dress, go to uni.
Bok, moje ime je Ivan, drago mi je upoznati te
IIRC there was some whining about the Walk of Shame segment (nekkid woman, church, omg!), then GOT started filming for Dorne in Spain at the same time because *Alcázar*, I heard there was also some extra bureaucratic tape, so they ended up moving the rest of the King's Landing&co production to Spain.
We have some border disputes but other then that we are pretty good.
And they can save as much as possible
He was offered leadership of Croatia under Ottoman influence, but he refused.
Wish you all the best !
there's also the word for bandaid (hanzaplast) however it's become less common, mosr people use "flaster" which to my knowledge has no brand
How much rice Portuguese people eat, compared to us Croatians
But it's odd that *anyone* is pretty universally loved.
Pula: Northernmost big-ish coastal city, presiding over the Istrian peninsula
- King Dmitar Zvonimir (last king of the Trpimirović dynasty, whose death resulted in dynasty wars, which ended with Croatia and Hungary joined in a personal union)
Or just put the ones that arent vetted in there, or those who are to be deported aswell.
White bread with ragu
Literally tens of thousands of Italians served with Yugoslav Partisans, including fighting in some of the harshest battles like the Syrmian front in Western Serbia where they served alongside Soviets as well.
It also kind of depends how good do you know the person
Tko se nije skrio, magarac je bio
I continued sleeping, we aren't even near the place where earthquake took place, Hungary is closer to the eartquake than I am
Wow
In my experience, the easiest way to rob the people you're supposed to govern is to wave the national flag with one hand, while the other rifles through their pockets.
Just one more terrorist attack in Germany would wake the people up
Yes, Croatia does issue ID cards which are compulsory after the age of 18, but it is possible to get them earlier
Considering I never saw any good adaptation from Hollywood in general, I would say any
Is this harald the same dude as harald hadrada
Hungary is buying guns and they probably want a coastline
Maybe it's used more often outside the capital?
They are originally mostly names of kings or other rulers since those are the names that were perserved (Im not sure if we know any common folk names from 10th century or so - I know there was a monk named Držiha though)
On the other hand Germany did rather poor job in preventing fundamentalists from gathering influence, but they handle consequences rather well.
fine for the future, but what about existing areas.
It makes it harder to get guns, but not impossible.
This is why we love Italians
Considering any serious alternative is worse then Erdogan, I think it will take a long while.
The only balkan country whose sheer existence doesn't trigger another balkan country :D
Aside from technical jargon, english is not really used in everyday talk (even if english words are introduced, they are "croatized" and adapted eg we created frend for male and frendica as female friend from original english unisex friend)
Sometimes it's 'je/ije' sometimes 'i' and sometimes 'e' depending on the word itself
The dog has a home and hopefully, a family that loves it
I just googled Bangladesh a bit.
But what kind of an important significance does Istria have to your country's history?
The party that's currently running congress lost the last congressional election by a lot.
Block 100
Part of Austria-Hungary
All to many however feel like it should be a game where you can employ a clever strategy and win because the opposition is split.
Altho, there were talks for years about them giving that land to the town so we could actually do something useful with all of that
Baljenac island in Croatia looks like a fingerprint
Nunc risus elit, rutrum a magna nec, egestas viverra justo
Greece the country is having money issues, but in a normal country, that should have such a profound effect on so many people.
Well, the name of tbe country and one of the most popular names are enough for start - Hrvatska and Hrvoje
You won't see flags hanging outside people's homes, and if you do, it's likely a holiday or a football match
Also I really like the culture and the atmosphere of the place
the 48976th largest ____ city is a month old thing, France why you still doing these?
The language was Dutch
It was a long time ago but i'd say it was mostly neutral
>especially since Paris has fewer inhabitants than Berlin
Moscow, Russia
Yeah, but none of those you mentioned ever made a cross Oceanic voyage, so you can throw all that overboard.
The fact that corruption is not only a regular occurence, it is often justified and in some extreme cases, glorified
Yes
My town in Croatia turned from successful industrial one into the darkness-after-7-in-the-evening town
Regulations, too many regulations about food and drink
No, they’re never shifted in Croatia
Albanian radicals would have burned them all to a crisp by now if it wasn't for KFOR.
- King Dmitar Zvonimir (last king of the Trpimirović dynasty, whose death resulted in dynasty wars, which ended with Croatia and Hungary joined in a personal union)
Hahaha, yeah, Russians supposedly hacking them is the issue, not the rampant corruption, cronyism and the lies, those werent the problem.
President Bush was also very different from Candidate Bush.
He's joking, Montenegro is obviously a part of northern Africa
EU defense is very much a joke if we exclude Norway and maybe Poland + the Baltics.
Million = milijun
I can't understand how their employees justify writing this bs with themselves.
Plitvice lakes, Croatia
What do i get here
Otherwise it is closed after 10 I think, so it wouldn't get vandalized at night
> How are France and Germany egoistical if they're the biggest net contributors
Hmm, yours are kinda similar to ours
wants transit-zones on the borders
Women: Jelena
my flair, you're right, for you I'm poor Eastern European, but I have cousin working in CH so awfully rich (w/o any special reason, except working for awfully rich pharma company) that stupidities such as "let's go on gletcher by a chopper to have a ski" or "let's 12 of us go around the Bali on a ship doing yoga" are completely normal
Ireland re-invents word "poor quality" when it comes to Europe
I don't if this counts but south slavs have Hajduks and Uskoks that fought against Turks
He's coming back to reclaim the territory that slipped away oh so many years ago 👀
sag - rug;
Ut facilisis ut velit at accumsan
As a medical student on CCU rotation at Zagreb university hospital, you're quite wrong in your assumptions.
Heck, even I didn't know it was from croatia until just a few weeks ago
[I would say this one] it shows a tank of JNA going over a red Fiat 500 when the Serbian army was entering Osijek
Yes, there's this guy who was born like 2000 years ago
If you check his post history you'll see that he is a brainwashed serb that denies the scale of serbian war crimes in the 90's.
Northern Germany is like a very large Netherlands.
May specifically ruled out a deal like the one Norway and Switzerland has so no, that's not really an option.
Zar se to ne zove Ludi Dan
And Romania isn't a Slavic country
Due to snow falling, citizens were asked to remain indoors.
It's fantastic
More than 3billion people depond on these rivers in India, China and south-east asia
You do not consider tens of thousands of dead through purposeful ethnically targeted murders genocide?
You can ask that in /r/Croatia.
It's yours
Not so much because of the migrants but due to the rapid rise of right-wing populism and to be honest, it worries me quite a lot
Croatia does exist, actually.
Nobody is my favourite "European" movie.
Its not that important
In Croatian, when saying "the two ^(or ^any ^other ^quantity) of you" , we can specify wether the people we're referring to are all male, female or mixed
Please Germany for your sake don't reelect this hypocrite, save the union...
The imperial court was also the most benevolent of foreign rulers we had, so thanks for that too
Madness
> I also loathe the kind of people, most commonly found in Dalmatia unfortunately, who have this know-it-all attitude
this is some serial killer stuff
To the dismay of students worldwide ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Everyone always talks how much they loved it and how cool and *quirky* it is
For some reason many Americans think Eastern Europeans in general are swarthy.
Same
He did good thing and he did bad things.
It'd be more accurate to compare the greater Paris which is 814km2 and has 7
But it sucked more for gay people
sounds like he was driven by derangement and not religion
im sad that this is getting downvoted
The Marshall plan would never have been implemented and Europe would experience a massive economic depression and would likely never recover
I know, I lived in Denmark :D Jeg kan også snakker dansk.
Also, Walls of Dubrovnik
The fact that Russia was mistrusted by the Poles, due to then currently unstable political climate, was no reason to start a second great war.
They only commute to B&H. Though, there is still a proper border check and you could end up waiting even for an hour at the border, people still cross daily no matter
Now daily almost becuse of buying new planes but usually not so much
He was explaining it as having syncope, rare medical condition where you pass ~~away~~ out from having too much blood in your brain
They are, for real, [everywhere] protecting everything from [a zebra] to a [traffic sign] and even  [a tree
New Now = Novi Sad
Well if you know Cyrillic I recommend Cyrillic because more slavs use Cyrillic but Serbian Cyrillic has the same sounds as Croatian Latin so for serbo-croatian it is the same but in Serbia and Bosnia they use both while in Croatia only the Latin
As the host said,noone would mind it really.
Nice, I think
Bosnia may indeed crumble in the next few years, that is a reality people need to understand.
You use that as a compliment, not an insult.
Where were you in '91 ?
More or less, everybody in Croatia doesn't understand two of them, some three
Seeing as the mainstream media, along with reddit, forgot about Ukraine, I'm wondering if there's a source on this conflict with at least semi regular updates.
lucy us that this was only 5
Well, Croatia almost completely exterminated its Jews in the WW2 so that's probably where the assumption for Croatia comes from.
People
In any other case: ex-YU countries, Poland or Ireland
Tell that to Swiss(45/100), Scandinavians, Germans and French with their 30guns/100ppl.
Your argument is just mocking its look, wjo would have taught
In the UK, tree cover was down to about 10% by the late middle ages
I think we all know that he is not an great example for the average Slovene ...
Article 1
“Što se bijeli u gori zelenoj
The Dalmatian accent is used with characters that inhabit or are close to the sea or another body of water (for example in Finding Nemo or Spongebob; the fish and sea creatures have a Dalmatian accent)
Otherwise, it's a sign of failed integration.
Edit; source was wrong, he was captured in 1944
dank je wel, onze nederlandse vriend :(
Most of the coast is very touristy, with addition of Plitvice Lakes
[This one] .
Also, politicians are corrupt, we can't change anything because of the parliamentarian type of government without a straight up massive riot
If Europe was a true friend of the USA they'd have sent hundreds of thousands to Iraq and Afghanistan.
bread goes with a sandwich
- *Ma zaboli me - It hurts me*
Scandinavia should be his giant penis
He was born in Croatia and his father (I think his name was Franjo)
Passing the group is expected, everything else is a bonus, especially with our current form and game
Because there is a civil debate about a political subject
We do stand behind you
Next up would be a harmonization of taxes and economic regulation to ease the inequalities between richer and poorer states
We have the same jokes about bosnians
That isn't the type of buildings we are talking about....
My father yelled at me and I got a slap in the face.
Also, if I’m alone at home and need to take a shower, for instance, I would lock the door
Oh my god, i found one in the wild
You're not going to trump all that by buying a few more guns.
I don't see how Google or any other company you stated profits from current president's potential economic war with the EU.
Look, [this] happened in Paris yesterday.
But there's just so much about you
Also for Split: Croatian Florida
Beer-loving Czechs approve smoking ban in pubs, restaurants
It got the status of a ''Free Royal City'' in 1242.
It is a shameyou guys don't really have highways and railroads for what I heard but I really wanna go to Transylvania because you know caatles and stuff
Bosnia: Watching horrors with my cousin
I am in the area, and I have melted, and I am currently dead
"Boli me kurac" or "Boli me kita" Both mean "My [reproductive organ] hurts
Like if you have a Lika accent or a harecore Kajkavian accent you're most likely a village boi, etc
Not really
A lot of people are against Serbia because Serbian paramilitary forces committed atrocities during the Yugoslav wars, such as the [Srebrenica massacre] but the thing is, you can't blame a whole country/nation for what a part of their people did, a thing a lot of people forget when they blame Serbia or when the blame the US for, for example, invading Iraq.
I don't get why this version and many other maps put whole countries in the same region
I don't agree with some things going on there, and I was unfortunately living in a very stereotypical conservative town where I was constantly shit on for not being American
Many products in Lidl and Aldi are basically the same (they just have different names) and so are the prices
Because we say it like that in croatia as well
" XD
And another article says that it's a factory with 20% of Croats and 60% of Hungarians employed in Subotica.
Also Spanish (not so frequent lately, but maybe next year) and Austrian
I guess all I heard on TV was the standard.
We said fuck you multiple times
No, we istrians hate tourists
It's a relativley small "continent" holding a relativley large amount of people
otherwise, a lot of sarcasm, hyperbole, and dry delivery humor
Worse still, “humiliating” media content has been criminalized since 2013
This is like a mix between zserbo and dobos torta.
Either Serbia, Bosnia, Slovenia
Anything colder than 20 is already too cold
A bombing of a field hospital has coverage on reddit.
That too lol
Of bigger cities i would sadly say Rijeka
Do you freeze to death when you get out of a shower
Yes, but the original Scots are a tribe from Ireland that migrated to Scotland and overtook the Picts, to my knowledge.
Then uhm, the 90-ies were interesting to say the least, so Serbia as no
In High School we could wear the shoes inside and coats as well, though we did have a changing room where we could hang our coats if we wanted to
so why not just use reinforced concrete then and be done with it
It's also better than the Serbian standard because we write foreign names like they're originally spelled
Houses seem too high for Croatia at first because I'd say it's closer to 60-40, but then I remembered that 50% of Croatians live in villages which are all houses, and over half of the people in cities live in houses.
Stalin didn't care about his soldiers dying.
You cannot escape this no matter the country
It's hardly going to come up unless they talking with actual people from Ireland because that's where they have something to prove.
There is word that got extremely popular in last decade
Stay careful
How about seizing and extradating perpetrators to interested party, for instance Montenegro?
Then we should perhaps shoot the soldiers as well, as they are far more likely to get shot or blown up than captured and raped.
I actually found Istrian čakavian to be more similar to kajkavian than I expected, so I'd probably kinda manage if I know kajkavian
On the other hand nice chunk of our GDP is based on tourism.
Croatia became a kingdom in the 10th century and the crown switched between different dynasties with varying degrees of autonomy
I wager you're either 3rd or 4th generation immigrant
We don't have Polish amount of churches
This is actually a great way to motivate people to go out and vote.
Yea I can't really understand the example of Donald.
hoho, Mlinar in Zagreb is making burek with orange and its fucking amazing
If they try, regardless of who wins, we lose.
Slovakia and Luxembourg are ignoring us
Why, you find Plenković anything but resolute and wise?
But what about tariffs for other EU states on your own stuff
Da su snijezi, već bi okopnuli
* it was one of the first states to [ban slavery in modern times]
Can confirm, yesterday had to do it at home
Which one requires you don't waste their time on chit-chat, which one is amendable to bribery via fancy liquor?
Nulla semper sollicitudin erat, ut dapibus est efficitur vitae
*Here's to hoping they notice our...
You are wrong on all claims
Aren't most Serbs in Kosovo located in ethnic enclaves outside northern Kosovo?
He did WHAT
Honey, we all stole it from Poland :P
Before Croats come here and post this.
But wouldn't it help them if Kosovo were able to get stable as a country ?
In Zagreb, a common scam is a person approaching you pretending to be deaf and mute with a leaflet asking for donations
I've never even been to mount vesuvius
Been in Belgrade 3 times, mostly normal people, just don't talk about war, that's it
I would say that applies to the country in general because I had no bad experiences in the capital either
Let's leave white papers alone and be practical for a moment.
Breaking News: Croatia invented weapon of mass destruction.
Thats what she said
Also, hasn't the "pay gap" been debunked for ye
We did it EU
So is Germany but they use a smart system and still manage to keep the gang together.
For example, return flight to Greece with Aegean cost me around 200€ (give or take)
This is sort of a stupid question for Europe
They would continue to speak French to me nonetheless but with a much more annoyed tone of voice
Can you explain what is that
(Atleast in Dalmatian region)
Sterted im kindergarten when I was 3
Yeah, with all right wing politics and anti immigrant hate?
(5,5 km long)
Slovenia is not Austria or Germany but the quality of life is much better than in Albania or Serbia.
I was disagreeing with the second comment, not agreeing with the initial one, though, it is my fault, I should have made that clearer.
&#x200B;
I like learning languages but I'd run away from Hungarian like the devil runs from frankincense...
bolje sad
Well those things should go side by side, not be mutualy exclusible.
Just imagine what would the mongolians say.
We have elementary school (osnovna škola) which has 8 grades.
A new square is also in the process of building
+ the number of people capable of understanding those scientific papers isnt that high no wonder the publishers don't give big money
He is wrong
Any recommendations
They can just release them dubbed or with subtitles
As a Croatian, I am very saddened by this thread
I stayed after that in the company for another year and finally I decided to quit and move one to something better I found
Ribisel - ribiz(l)
We'll still keep celebrating the [Anti-Fascist Struggle Day] as a national holiday and it's clear [who the liberators were] It would be absurd to ban their symbols.
Had a lot of fun looking at it
Oh that's cool
I also loathe the kind of people, most commonly found in Dalmatia unfortunately, who have this know-it-all attitude
5 metres tables to my workshop
In most places yes but I believe some places have pretty bad infrastructure so tap water isn't exactly drinking water
Also beatiful towns and cities and I'm pretty close too like a 5h drive to Timisoara which is not in Transylvania but still a nice city too
5) is always forgotten
The world calls it "Yugoslav wars", we call it "Patriotic War",l and "Independace War". Also we do not agree with the Serbs as they say they were the victims and were chased out of their homes, and we say they raised a rebellion, slaughter their neighbours and friends and cut off one part of the country from the rest and occupied it for 5 years
It's not like it's a case of ethnic oppression, ethnic Catalans are a minority in Catalonia due to decades of migration from other regions of Spain, it's just a case of uppity rich people not wanting to give money to the rest of the country
She was in neither NATO or Warsaw pact, though.
that's heresy
Nice username was just a statement
All while still putting all the blame on whatever they first perceived as the reason the game will be lost
But I believe it should be possible for large swaths of Lika/Dinara/Velebit are
610 - 1102 (duchy to kingdom until PU with Hungary and later Austria)
However, the worst thing is that he is a religious fanatic and is poisoning every college (Faculty) 1 by 1 by installing his people there
Quite a few Dutch people have summer homes in northern Sweden.
Remove Kebab (Baja Mali Knindža Original Remix)
It absolutely matters, because we are now talking about EU disintegrating.
I live in a moderate continental climate, but I am only about 2 hours away from a Mediterranean climate and I pass through a cold mountain climate on the way there.
How come it's still light outside but snow on the hills
In Dalmatia lot of words have Italian roots so i guess its similar with Montenegro.
Well people saw they can exploit some retards in west and earn lots of money doing it, no wonder so many popped up, might even start one myself.
Someone that uses guns for his job, like a hunter for example should still he able to aquire a hunting rifle easily
IE doctors, they could earn quite some money here, since there is a lack of doctors, but they usually earn much more with better conditions abroad.
It's just overpriced restaurants and cafes now surrounded by an amazing-looking fortress and walls
Why do I have to live in a corrupt shitty country?
Otto von Habsburg settled in the US after France fell, and lobbied vigorously on behalf of Austria with the Allied leaders
I read about EU and EU member states politics almost as much as domestic ones
On the other hand, when russians tried to do the same on Cuba, americans were ready to go to war.
Can confirm
Tbh as far as empires go, Austro-Hungarian one was *relatively* decent
It helps when you don't set their cars on fire all the time
Josip Broz Tito is badly viewed in Croatia and Serbia but the Bosnians think he was a good man the other ex yugoslav countries are neutral of him
I don't really see the purpose/use of this visualization.
-I would add Ante Pavelic,who established Croatia in WW2 after 800 years of foreign rule and Josip Broz Tito who established Yugoslavia and gained territory from Italy but these two were faschist and communist so yeah
I'd remove the permit after some time, 10-15 years or so.
That's sad, but that was the way our National bank played from the start.
Its coast vs inland, "lazy appartment owners who get their money from tourists during three months in summer" vs "hard working continentals", sea vs skiing, italy vs germany
Well, if the nazis are going to do something about the immigrants abusing EU laws and raping and murdering people, then i would rather stand with them than have to listen to minarets play their songs 5 times a day and have to avoid dark alleys at night.
Lucia(December 13th) we plant our [Christmas wheat] which is meant to be fully grown for Christmas.
My hometown's barracks got taken over by a bunch of local rascals during Yugoslav Wars and repurposed as a concert hall for punk rockers lol
In your dreams
Many dead, tens of thousands with no place to live
Love it of hate it it is the odd one out in many aspects
You can Google "new affair" and find a few Google pages worth of different affairs just for the last week
I'm about as pro Europe as it get's but I don't think it's that simple.
The south on the other hand, not so much
My god, such a badass language and badass names
I'm using maybe the wrong example since we'd actually spell it Bordeaux because it is a name
Etiam facilisis nisi ut lectus ultricies, nec consequat nulla viverra
Like, after da I'd half expect "koj kurac hoces
I thought they're gonna collapse.
I personally dont use anything for thousands (maybe space if its illegible)
It's not authentic swedish meal
I have read reports saying that generation Z is becoming very socially conservative which would be very contrary to this poll.
We take coffee brakes with friends for at least 3 hours and our work time is maybe one of the best in the world but I haven't checked(heard some rumors) . Quality of life is something that Croats like more than money
That's what I dont understand
I just from time to time get tax return and I have no idea why
Yea they were a surprise to me.
Maybe [Klepetan and Malena]
Selling pirated content is strictly forbidden.
lol, I don't like that guy either, but that is such a pathetic hit peace.
Aparently, most Slavs and some Baltic people have a similar tradition
That is the power of media for you.
Also hats down to crete people
Why is this surprising
Disobedience is shown in desire for the rights for equality which erases differences, in that a woman doesn't want to accept that she was made of Adam, and not Adam of her, that she is secondmost, and a man foremost.
Never heard of any Malaysians in Croatia during the war.
Slavonski Brod (Croatia) and Brod (B&H)
, where the Croato-Serbian coalition allied with Hungarians against Habsburgs
Formet communist countries be like: I can't do it, I can't let go that sweet censoring
Absolutely amazing if you used up all of your full speed 4g.
Ja nikada nisam cuo za "Ludi dan". Odakle si uopce, s obale negdje
Wait till you learn about Croatian coast
You do know Europe is a continent...You are thinking about EU THE EVIL SUPRA STATE
This is an important question, it's like the difference between regular men and The Red Pill.
Citizens of some countries percieve "Muslim" as an racial category, while in the former-Yugoslavia it is a concept that has almost nothing to do with race and everything to do with ethnicity
Then they label you as a Stalinist communist
Nam ullamcorper tellus in risus aliquam, ac ullamcorper arcu lobortis
No it doesn’t. It’s much deeper and more complex than that
Some places still pronounce č and ć like you, but on the far extreme of the spectrum are some Dalmatian islands which pronounce ć as tj, č as ć, and č as you know it doesn't even exist
Eh, maybe in terms of history, and our various stats are good.
But the rest of your point stands
Ivana Brlić Mažuranić- Croatian tales of long ago
Closing the Strait of Hormuz looks like a logical answer and it would cause the price of fuel to skyrocket
not from the uk but that nigel guy seems like a dick
We had a guy run for president who wanted to declare Croatia a corrupt zone and make corruption available to everyone (obviously a joke)
edit - Also small islands
Also it's closer to Magyòrszag so it makes more sense
That's actually true when you think about it
That's a bit morbid
Male name in Slovenia is Janez
It's because of the food, right?
Croatia
Im afraid to
Czech: Eh, was drunk most of my 7 day stay there, but I really loved Škoda factory and museum, had a unique opportunity to actually translate for a whole tour from English to Croatian there
It is one of the largest and most important publishers of books and magazines in Croatia
Source of the Cetina river in Croatia, more than 150 meters deep
Same, I get that haha
Sorry for the long post, I got really excited
Edit: And how could I forget our dear neighbours, Slovenia
University students demand philosophers such as Plato and Kant are removed from syllabus because they are white
during which 26,000 of them were deported to Central Asia
It has the Croatian pronunciation yet it's Czech words.
I mean if you count Croatia + Bosnia + Serbia, 16 million people is reasonably big
Belarus has 8% Russians compared to 18% in Ukraine, now it would depend on the reaction the people show to the Russians, but Russia can't have another Donbas conflict.
I think the state flag is so much better than what you have
The one who misses has to stand at the goal and lean over
Sram means "shame" in Croatian.
-Fire your Tompson, Kalashnikov and Zbrojovka
Split's city walls are ancient, though.
Mutual assured destruction only means you can't use nukes.
Ugh tastes so bad
Yes same here
They were motives in art and literature a lot
I said 1998
You know you have weak arguments when you start calling names.
Especially those who don't live in the capital, but come here to study, most of them find jobs and permanently remain here
It really could have been much more
They aren't really annoying they just speak but Herzegovian Croatian is fucked up, they talk very annoyingly, somehow speaking very fast but still lengthening words and putting accents in the front and then when speaking poundering the first part of the word with the accents (krAva-standard, krAAAva-Herzegovian alsonthe word means cow)
She has cried a lot but has not been able to see her, just talk to her, from thousands of kilometers away
Pršut
Croatia
On second image, text says figs.
s=with
stilski obiljezena rijec, ne koristi se vise u govornom jeziku no jos je uvijek dio standardnog hrvatskog jezika
Yeah that's the phrasing I was looking for.
That's so crazy to hear
Not being in denial of it is already a massive step in the right direction
Edit: Also [this] I have just found this and think it is an interesting read
I probably missed half of those blessing due to being hangover as hell
Nulla semper sollicitudin erat, ut dapibus est efficitur vitae
He means western Bosnia, it was a part of Croatia until the Ottoman conquest.
In Croatia we do have 'religious education' but it is strictly Catholic and curriculum is mandated by the Vatican
hahahh
Tell that Greece and Turkey
Personally Croatia should be split in three parts
That is the saddest part
guess Austrians have influenced Slovenia A LOT
All the advanced civilizations of the Americas were in Central and South America, not north
I know what Constitution says
A lot of people study there as well, but they still keep on living in Croatia
Slavery in Europe at its greatest extent.
\*looks at country flair\* ah of course
Stupid example, but  "okrenuti" (to turn around) means something different in Montenegrin than it does in Croatian
moš' mislit = im not sure this is even translateable
[Adam Driver is apparently part German]
Is the place Voralberg
*cries in Croatia*
Throwing people in holes
[Heck yeah this design should have stuck.] (albeit more refined ofc)
Letting a Russian Trojan horse into the union might not be very popular, specially the way things are going right now.
She's Croatian, but is fluent in Slovenian.
We have *maestral* and it's usually followed by good weather.
I think it considers people reading it not stupid enough to come to conclusions "I can only eat microwave burgers for the rest of my life and I'll be fine" and considers people as smart enough to have balanced diet.
Marriage is not between people of the same sex
The peninsula that is, it just doesn't meet the **geographical criteria**.
a) you are grossly underestimating the power of spite
Yes, we have Christmas beer, but mulled wine is far more popular in the festive season
Maybe you'd like a [Croatian take on the Africa theme]
ok, then the reddit is opposite of what you just claim
>Look, having nuclear
Foxes and čagljevi(idk the translation but it is a dog-fox mix animal, basically a doggy fox) roam around all the time along with other smaller mammals
Everyone that I’ve had ties with that got diagnosed with cancer in Croatia was told, “You’ve had a good, long enough life, so no point in trying to treat you
If I wasn't so poor I'd gold you.
i kinda wanna know
1 question why do you have so much airaoft guns in san marino
Also [Ladislaus of Naples] who sold Dalmatia to Venice.
Also in such a small country there are lot of temperament and 'lifestyle' differences between different regions
I recently looked at some stats and it turns out I'm in the top 1% of income in the country, yet the only thing I own is my 10 year old car(which I like, to be honest), and to get a nice apartment I'd have to get a huge loan at extortionate interest like 3
Not as bad as it looks, they were merely drunk supporters after the party won the election, those aren't actual politicians.
So you're telling me i wont be able to open my own hotel with 5 cents
We had few examples in croatia because our government is so happy when they need to give our citizenship to people like eduardo da silva and sammir (both brazilians, both played football for our NT and both speak very broken croatian)
But round looking
And you guys here can sit and talk about it like it was yesterdays afternoon show.
Well there are still some people who consider themselves as Ustaše(Croatian nazis during ww2 who had a puppet state by the Germans) but generally yes people are called Ustaše as an insult for being too bossy sometimes and komunjara(Commie) is also used as an insult
sva srebra, sva zlata, svi ljudcki životi
Vice city
business
I am pretty much blond but I have brown eyes
Fingers crossed, I could use some new clogs
Kosovo speaks Albanian so
The same thing happened before WW2(democracies crumbling not a pendemic) so the world may enter some conflicts soon but maybe not
Map men wisdom
How come Hungary is the most reasonable and has to push such plans instead of France and Germany is it because of the history of those two countries ?
Mothers in their night dresses and slippers where outside holding their newborns
Animals have more soul than most of people
But both of them just said to call her retarded in her face if she tried to argue for something like that
More is not required friend
They are usually right by the sea, and 90% of them are monstrosities that should have never been built
Afterwards, her mansion got the name "Catmother" and nowadays, the whole district of the city where the mansion is is called like that.
d) one of the first states to [have officially recognised the US]
The "Purger" accent has really bad intonation as opposed to standard Croatian
Now you know this guy is not sane
Yes, when other countries start migrating to Mars we might reach the development index Switzerland had in 2019 haha
Western countries have stronger economies so they can export more goods to the east, Eastern countries have cheaper labor so they export that to the west.
Di si bio 91’?
Croatia isn't shown so much in movies as much as it is talked about as some 3rd world country somewhere far away
Yeah and they planned on moving it back but I guess they never bothered and Zagreb is definitely in a better location unlike Dubrovnik lmao
Blackface is not controversial topic at all, and it's commonly seen in carnival season and in nativity plays (Caspar)
Sorry i missread your comment
Yes, but its not just an accent, it's the whole different dialects
You must be living in a village if that incident "was of gigantic proportion".
I rly don’t know
The Angel of Death taking firstborns
You forgot about nightly towel invasion of beaches
don't worry, we are all gonna become poor soon enough
Nah we croats love you because our people are leaving our country to go live in yours (money)
And more democracy is the solution
Osiijek-Croatian/Esseg-German/Essek-Hungarian/Ocek-Serbian
I've never heard anyone say *prosto* and *ne komplikovano* in Croatia.
Not many Europeans know exactly how to act in every other part of Europe
Hmmm, what would be the murder rate for just the south
The problem with europe is that all the "good" countries to live in have shitty weather
Lol
That's the only issue I have
laka ti noc
Same language, pretty much the same culture (there are differences, but they're more on a regional level, rather than on a national one), a lot of shared history
I'm shocked about Ireland, I would've expected Americans to be the most numerous group
[Google images for Zlatni rat]
You lose some social cohesion, have to have arguments about free speech, secularism, womens rights and gay rights all over again and for what
And a lot of Croats speaks in various dialects on daily bases which are far from standard form
Burgenland Croatian is surprisingly similar to modern Croatian, I expected it would be incomprehensible after almost 600 years.
As I understood it, the legend came to be because a lot of people would drown in the lake
northern and southern Čakavian).
The word "Prede" for it is the same in croatian
Fun weeks ahead for the chronically ill
Shvacam, cuo sam "so" prije ali nikad "vo" pa me malo zbunilo
People from bigger countries not in Europe always try to compare Croatia to bigger countries they know in Europe because they don't know who/where the fuck we are
Here and there one tries like when Saddam invaded Kuwait and US showed up.
Example: they where campaigning for our army to buy unarmed planes because they are cheaper then armed ones
Max price has been set to 12 kn per mask, and there were shortages for about 2 months (March and April)
The drivers are in their closed cabin, they wouldn't hear it.
Mind you Schengen can be delayed a lot...
To me personally not but to the majority it means everything
Also Niko Belić from GTA IV
But you could
i think Ireland would fall apart, like litteraly a fall apart in 30-is different countries and everyone would become separate island and drift off to Atlantic that would be known as ocean of sadness
But, that leaves the question of why did the previous coat of arms start with first white field then
Supermarkets, schools, streets, people's backyards, on the buildings, windows
Russia: one of them is not like the other
Yes, the whole affair is just surreal
Life is boring and I used to be unemployed for 3 months even tho my mom and sad took care of me and I had video games and went to lakes with them it was boring
I guess the Irish, Welsh and Scottish were also surveyed, but I assume most were English
I want to thank Italy for their cultural influence on our coastal regions
If you didn't then whatever you wrote wasn't taken into account
We usually do in fact blame Serbia for pretty much everything, but as far as I know they had nothing to do with the earthquake :)
>someone give this guy a medal, i'm poor lol
That was genuinely my first thought
Oh please
Ante Pavelić , fascist leader of the independent state of Croatia ,lead the Ustaše
Erdogan be like "release the refugees"
Croatia will be the perfect counter balance
, the new years day
They did so through military conquests though, as Ottoman sultans, not through the religious right of having caliph as a title.
Croatia always has a soft spot for San Marino since the guy who made your country comes from one of our islands
croatia, i dont think there's any single accent that's posh unless you are talking in a painfully standardized manner
lol, why the hell is Kithira in Attica?
I feel like this is a decent sub for what you need, i'm not sure but i feel like i've encountered a couple of questions which werent connected to europe that much or at all
Well, then you haven't seen everything
He uses multiple accounts as he regularly ends up banned.
If NATO haven't gone Yugoslavia on Serbia, Serbia might still be this ultra weird semi criminal state isolated from rest of the Europe.
Cough cough, Kosovo, cough cough
That's true, it does
Many people have quit from this company due to boss screaming at them, terrorizing them for small mistakes, having social hierarchy in the company, massive gossips and dramas, everyday crying by the female coleagues cause someone yelled at them
Woof
You'd just get 5 years of torture, for what
Like a Swiss watch
Croatia is a great example of that
We have him in Croatia also, although that makes sense
Also, raj = paradise
They finally started to try and limit cruisers allowed in the port so that should help in the future, as well the people allowed in the main centre so that you can actually enjoy the visit and not just be annoyed at the crowds
It shows one set of voters as stupid and behind the other voters who are smarter and who live in more developed areas
Bosnia was there before the ottomans came
When WW2 ended, it started with killing thousands of unarmed NDH soldiers, their families and even entire villages.
In croatian several words for different sized hammers are čekić (chekich) and bat
>I'm not quite sure why it has to be mentioned: There is no sign of a terrorist attack
Yes
The necktie was made in Croatia and the guinness world record for the larggest necktie was made by Zoran Stankovic 18 October 2003 it was 808 metre(s), and the dalmatian dog's are from Dalmacija Croatia
We have makovnjača in Dalmatia too, I heard it was brought during Austria-Hungary
Please look at my flair
Or American, but then you’re gonna get both Serbs and Croatians on your ass
First name + Last name
as much as Serbs hate NATO troops in Kosovo they gotta give it to KFOR for protecting the monasteries.
I would go with Arabic because of the beautiful complexity; Spanish because it's widely used and finally Irish because when i heard it it doesn't sound like any familiar language to me
>but I wonder how meaningful that distinction would be to a Congolese person
The worst attempts at rip-offs were in the tourist knick-knack shops, cause the shopkeepers usually tried to haggle with us.
Per seay
They are popular down south, in Dalmatia.
Just asked my sister, she visisted latvia, lithuania and estonia in 3 separate trips and said that indeed some commie blocks look bad
Uh sto moj stari dobar bakalar napravi.
That would have been just unrealistic.
Check mate
If you think those examples are ugly I got news for you, buddy
I have always lamented that Slavic mythology and folklore is so little known not only across the world but in various Slavic countries as well.
I've never actually had to sit down and study it like I have to with Spanish
"unofficially marking the beginning of the Bosnian civil war" ...
If there were SV there, I'm pretty sure there are SV everywhere across Germany
"I love my own, not hate other's" they like to say, buy is it like that...?
All of us from the former east block have some huge problems we still have to deal with, but because we know how bad things were and we realize how bad they can be again, because no one who lived under actual communism thinks their country is imune from catastrophe and hardship.
IMO Karl Magnus is the most badass name option, even though "der Große" would be used with Karl.
sorry, but who the hell are Marine A and his wife
I meant a disaster that was directly related to your people
Same text displayed twice on the cereal box
There are a lot of words same or similar to Croatian ones.
Jeeej
Make Europe as popular as NASA
I mean it's been 25 years, both serbs and croats marry again among each other
Bilijun       - 1
It's just overpriced restaurants and cafes now surrounded by an amazing-looking fortress and walls
Tfw flying across the continent is cheaper than flying domestic.
If for whatever reason I became interested in Spanish I could learn to speak fluently just like that, no problem
Fućkaj se, sjetio sam se Tarare i sad gledam da nisam jedini koji se toga sjetio :D Budem samo ekipu iz Punta Arenasa pustio
So you really want a PR campaign to change the meaning of the world nationalism.
Can confirm
But I feel like any narrative could be sold in the US under the guise of "they stealin ur freedom" which is why they shreek at government trying to limit their corporate overlords
Lol But Slovenia can still into Slav
khem, English people, khem
Oh wow I feel the Mediterran out of that song
Exactly, I hate whenever the verb in German is placed in the end of the sentence because the sentence can sometimes be a mile long and you won't be able to connect half of the words before reading the predicate which is u pički materini
I personally have always used space and a decimal dot whenever writing
Edited: city corrected, Thanks u/usecereni_kupus
The EU doesn't really care about your system of government as long as your country more or less follows the EU's strategic goals
Exactly
Life goes on
It is not a sovereign nation it it is a failed state.
Usually averaged over a day, or certain part of the day
It truly can and should, go fuck itself
To think that there was an actual realistic chance of Istanbul becoming a city state is bizarre.
That's not the part that people have objections too.
oh, I thought it was hard since google translate has a seizure when you ask it to pronounce it in French (it says something like "kheyerka")
Yes, this is a reproduction of a warship, or longship;
I think he was an asshole and that we would fared much better with someone else as president, me preferring Gotovac, but that’s what would be if
I don't know what you are talking about tbh.
And part of my neighborhood is olde commie part
yeah, those statistics are wrong about Croatia
Some are more understandable, but in many cases it is almost a different language
Sed interdum, lorem a efficitur convallis, dolor ipsum eleifend arcu, sodales dapibus lacus urna eu urna
&#x200B;
- Franjo Tuđman + all presidents of Croatia since 1991
>Some old fashioned nickname was "Bundeshauptstadt ohne nennenswertes Nachtleben" (Federal capital without noteworthy night life)
if you mean specifically hide-and-seek, "Tko se nije skrio, magarac je bio
Interdum et malesuada fames ac ante ipsum primis in faucibus
All 5 of them every year
i was always wondering why people in tornado alley don't build stronger houses
Source: Dalmatian living in Zagreb
Curabitur finibus justo quis risus fermentum elementum
Ok, sure, why
When it comes to transport no other city is close
It can mean either, depending if it's said as a question or statement
Why is that what kind of agenda are they playing ?
And I say that as someone who's gay and Indian.
> First off, it’s super fucked up to believe that everyone that gets married needs to have “getting kids” as the end goal
That is not breaking news material, at least not to me
Various foreign powers held the cities at some point
Abortion should only be legal if girl was raped or if someones life is on the line
The letters and numbers are all random for the fact that there are still unsettled issues after the war in the 90s where the country was torn apart between Bosniaks, Serbs and Croats
"Looking (at something) like a lamb (looks) at a colorfoul door", means staring,looking surprised/dumb
in croatian cura means girlfriend and in polish daughter if I'm not mistake čn. or is it cora
We have actually a lot of channels on TV due to geography of our country.
Drinking beer-12 years in max security prison, smoking a cigarette-life sentence without the possibility of parole
Except if we are to go with that analogy, you did not cancel your subscription/leave the apartment YET.
Then you also have Stalin who didn't use his stockpile and Churchill who only ever considered using chemical weapons after full air superiority was achieved and retaliation was no longer an issue.
Living in Zagreb, our city is situated on the plain that slopes down from the Medvednica mountains
Who could have foreseen it
well, roma and romanians sound the same...
Soviet also had fuel shortage after they destroyed oil fields in Caucasus region
In my high school you can write any way you want in book but on tests you must write in cursive
Little does he know the water is poisoned
If we want to provoke/tease Bosnians, we start talking about burek with apples/cherries :) Coup de grace is "burek with potatoes". :P
Morbi sit amet libero tortor
The single market isn't a trade agreement.
It tells the legend of the curse that king Zvonimir (last croatian king from the middle ages) allegedly throwed upon his subjects and murderers who betrayed him
you are the only decoration of this Dubrava
oh shit, is it the Vandersexxx
Is this other thing a table with broken legs
But do not despair, you just might be the one fullfiling their goal because shadow is but a passing thing, when the sun shines it will shine out the clerarer
2015 - 52%
How is it pronounced
It's a silly example because they weren't even Serbs at that point.
A few
And after WW1 it had just been Serbia,in Yugoslavia Serbs were dominant and it always bothered us Croats which resulted in Homeland war in the 90s.
My country isn't secular so yeah, it's harder to find a party that isn't religious than one that is.
not all of us coastal ppl are shitting in the garbage
Jam, I forget the difference every time
Already capitalist countries need immigrants to sustain the current economic growth.
Support is for common sense
What are good neighbors for
[Found the screenshot] if you're interested
Vis - Issa
4) have a language that everyone else kind of understands but not really
Not sure about the ethimology
But now that the GDP per capita is higher
Puna je kapi pa ih njiše.
Some law saying only the parliament can change it on their own accord
means "Up there the mountains are burning worse"
Man the video on the toplap should've been the one where the guy says "If my grandmother had wheels she would have been a bike"
is that bad
Republic of Kosovo isn't Serbia anymore.
It is nice to have a peace agreement but it means nothing if the next step is to wait and do nothing.
You fought well enough, but you lost and you would have been annexed if it weren't for the larger context of WW2.
and a disaster because we were one of the countries experiencing a population decline long before EU, and trying to keep the country going in 40 years will be...
Spotify is European
- russia
Hellz yah, lets circle some eurojerks,
If you however decide to force equality in any unequal field you will be denying more qualified candidates because they don't fir in to a specific demographic, aka one of the big reason people didn't like the concept of aristocracy, because what you're born as was more important than what you could do
Right-wing political agenda is to persuade us how the era of socialism and Yugoslavia was horrible, literally concentration camp and how they brought the light of capitalism and ended that inhumane system
Sorry bald eagles
Travelling is for the off season
Isn't Texas bigger than whole Europe?
Both N. Ireland and Scotland voted to stay in the EU and Scotland had previously voted to stay in the UK
Also [Serbian newspapers reported] after their national team biggest defeat in Lviv, that there was an Ukrainian-Croatian brotherhood march prior to the match through the streets of the city
In Croatian, “Despicable Me” was translated as “How Gru stole the Moon” (Kako je Gru ukrao Mjesec)
Oh my god Switzerland sounds like a paradise
The accent is completely different and, like Panceltic said, they pronounce č an ć with a bigger contrast, while Croats pronounce both č and ć like something in between those two letters.
You might have a cold then
Is Uroš an archaic name ?
Why is different matter though.
are in the same vain (digit name) + desetNon whole tens are pretty simple as well
Thank god everything is left in history now and we're not as bitter towards you as we were 150 years ago :)
Yes, it exists
Protip: Bosnian stuff is cheap af,but they will ussually have huge exchange rates (from my experience).
I'd go for less than 5% as I can't remember when I last saw a woman sunbathe topless
Remember, diversity is our strength.
No one seems smart when speaking in Slovenian
I've seen these before in Croatia, but rarely
No chewing gum
Lol if you just took a picture of any Croatian city (apart from those on the coast) from 2012 and 2020 you wouldn’t see any difference
PR stunt to appease the EU
And of course:
We went to war with them during 1848 revolution
It looks depressed and sad
(And the house basically needs no renovations at all, that's why I said it's a "good big house".) Idk, we had so many people work in/move to Germany in 60's and 70's, and they all built themselves nice big houses back home, it got to the point where our colloquial word for ex-patriot is "Gastarbajter".
As to why
Get the Scousers in as well, they voted to remain and are basically Irish
Except in Split after a heavy rain
No articles, but we do have gendered words and declensions depend on the word gender
Well after googling *mistral*, I found out it's a wind in Provence, France, so I don't know, could be.
it looked different then
Wasn't the guy actually competent ruler, so much that Montenegrins didn't want him to leave when they discovered he was a liar ?
But how would you research that?
Nice and cozy in our big land of Europe
I assume your media, like most medias, are very biased and you think that everyone who is friends with Russia is your enemy
It is basically around the corner ...
Probably the Slavonia region, people left the area during the war, most of them never came back
That is tiny amount of knowledge we have.
There is rugby field behind my building
In Croatian pronoun 'on' is referring to a noun *dušmanin*, not to a male person.
-  -
That is why you make a deal with either Turkey or Egypt/Libya.
O look Romania a corrupt country lecturing others ;)
But of course, in the daily use of the language you don't always use "this", so it's common sense
But hey when you have a friend that's a fire marshal I guess you don't need to have fire sprinklers
We have a ton of places with three letters, though
Most of the countries above you are Slavic,you stood no real chance.
Croatia is a country full of various foreign influences so its hard to pick one
This will heavily affect the Internet as a whole, not just the EU countries though we'll suffer the most
Željka Markić - anti-abortion, anti-lgbt rights, very manipulative and mean, extremely catholic but lives in [this villa] extremely catholic but has a pharmacy company which makes and tests contraception pills, has a [punchable face]
And [The Black Queen] from Plitivce Lakes who made the lakes
[Have a cute map here,] but no Macedonia on it, and even saying "well they should be similar to Serbs/Greeks/Bulgarians" would trigger some people.
And together we can push for the change
My aunt lives in Zagreb and she had to flee the building
Problem is there isn't much info about it online, and what exists is mostly a product of this shitstorm, so pretty unreliable.
Terrorist attack
Right/left wing doesn't really work anywhere besides the US.
Had very unfortunate incident involving a kiss, a finger and an eye
> it pains me that homophobia is so widespread
But the truth is that Al Saud family is actually liberal element in that region **compared** to those who would replace them in potential coup.
And I can find similarities between them and 14 year olds in my League games
I hope we buy Dassault Raffale at the end
But as a simple pleb, I just think the Kuna is more practical
Later in life I realised that [this] is absolutely not normal
No, no, we use the [salami tactics]
Why not greece or france
Woa, woa
I think it's a pretty ok topic to talk about in Croatia, but I'm also a bit biased as my mother is the most open person I've ever seen, and no topic is off the table for her
As soon as you left the AI cancelled all but 1 of your aliances.
Just look at the fucking prohibition and all the gangsters that rose to power because they could smuggle alcohol
You seem to have some problem, but if you fail to communicate I just can't do anything for you.
How so they keep the paint on the walls so clean white
Couple of years ago, someone naimed their son Diego Armando Maradona + last name
No, Europe without EU is just a bunch of fairly small countries that don't affect other European countries in any substantial way.
nobody in the US tell people what language to speak
But to be more accurate and official, people sometimes add Njemačkog naroda (of the German Nation) *or* Njemačke narodnosti (of German nationality)
Roma language
All the infrastructure was built during the communist era, so most buildings are just big cubes with people
It's simple reciprocity in international law
First tell our far right wing parties that Croats are Slavs, not Goths.
Regarding the 24 hour day, no problem for me since i'm used to going to sleep after the sunrise
Loving the new motto of the EU
Suspendisse semper justo mattis enim euismod tempor
So can anyone tell me a shortened version
• on - he
Lol, it's trying to be women empowerment, but fails as most parts have no connections
I can always recognize foriegners and in many cases guess where there from easily
It was wildly popular across exYU too
We are ready to be part of alliance with /r/de as long as the pasta-eaters from /r/italy don't join.
I think you never heard of a place called Balkans
(For example that sentence when in english is missing couple of layers, about the subject and object of the sentence
England, France and Germany are not situated at area that could be called crossroads of civilizations, Balkans are.
You guys always tend to isolate from everything
I would really love to see this.
[but I think this looks awesome in Milan]
— but when you look at what’s going on with the four prisoners — now it used to be three, now it’s four — but when it was three and even now, I would have said it’s all in the messenger; fellas, and it is fellas because, you know, they don’t, they haven’t figured that the women are smarter right now than the men, so, you know, it’s gonna take them about another 150 years — but the Persians are great negotiators, the Iranians are great negotiators, so, and they, they just killed, they just killed us, this is horrible
"Pas" means dog and waist
5% if I'm lucky
Duis quis risus a justo pretium vestibulum
Losing friends, losing family
Why is Croatia left out on most of the maps
Nice
svejedno će komentari na indexu blebetat o Sorošu koji upravlja Bruxellesom i uništava nacionalne identitete, ne možeš našim ljudima objasnit...
(Who has not hidden, he is a donkey)
Good luck
Also, Latin and Ancient Greek, it that counts (it shouldn't).
There are more examples, but this has to be the worst
Even though there is everything in the supermarkets that there is at the market, people prefer to buy products directly from the farmers.
I don't think Yalta affected us much, especially since we split off from the Soviets and did our own thing in '48
That "platform" is not a platform, it's an artificial island which is a part of the shipyard uljanik, another big stone which is pulling us down since they're leaking money for years now
Mind you, I don't see it happening until the troubles with Russia and the break-away regions are resolved.
like we don't have enough problems on our own
, the new years day
They call out "Germany, China, Japan".
People in western Europe who are racist towards Poles, they're racist towards anyone from eastern Europe.
but based on age, the fellow may have emigrated from Yuga?
Eiffel tower, Paris
We have almost no historical connections to that country nor a valid enough reason to be learning French en masse
I can't even recite my own nations anthem let alone other nations anthems
You made a misstake live with it man up
In Zagreb's lake Jarun there is something like a Loch Ness, it is called " catfish Jura" which is a 300kg heavy catfish
It's 25€ for up to "50mbps" (in reality it's around 4-10mbps) here in Croatia
Most people can't actually tell the difference between rugby and american football
>(Looks at the new mod candidates)
Everyone pretty much speaks standard but let's say I as a Shtokavian go to a village in god knows where and they speak Kaykavian there.
Others won't understand why it's kinda funny
People from bigger countries not in Europe always try to compare Croatia to bigger countries they know in Europe because they don't know who/where the fuck we are
Vienna is Beč in Croatian
Yes glad everyone got their credits in the end that is nice
Agree
In Croatia it's most of the cash grab condos and appartment complexes for rent to tourists during the summer
Someone correct me if I am wrong
Worst are the periods 7-8, 12-14, and 18-20 hours, those ferry all the high school kids.
I knew it from the start that fake stories didn't won the elections for anyone and probably won't ever.
Why the fuck is Myanmar using imperial system
He talked about a slap nothing else.
(I realize that to some this might sound like I'm a huge douchebag, which is possible
[Palace of the roman emperor Diocletian AD 305 in Split]
Nobody knows when actually but we're all celebrating his imaginary birthday which was a pagan celebration to begin with
Ok maybe Macedonians are positive, I was pleasantly surprised when I visited
They're 100% related, coming from the same word in Proto-Slavic [*ùtro]
Some regions in Croatia also use the words farba (from german) and pitura (from italian)
Not most beautiful one, far from it, but [Bosnia and Herzegovina plates] have practical reason behind it
That woman on 1:14 is my soul mate XD
The Croatian name for platypus is čudnovati kljunaš, which translates to _strange beaker_.
The Christmas constitution from 1990
I already stated once my very controversial opinion on Poland (I dislike the country) and I was very much downvoted
I mean, it's not just barbaric, it's plane stupid.
You are welcome
5 km which is pretty shallow, which means that it was felt a lot more
Russia is an important friend to Serbia, maybe more than the EU since they fiercely don't recognise Kosovo, losing such an important ally isn't in our interests
Can you be more christian than italy
[Pope Leo IV rolling in his grave]
Then we got into an even bigger country and continued to get fucked by the Austrians
I think recently someone posted something on r/politicalhumour which was about European politics (Brexit I think) and the mods deleted it on the grounds that politicalhumour is supposed to be jokes about American politics and no other country
Yeah they were loyal, but not by choice.
Yeah we have something like that, but we dont have name for that kind of places
Same here
I'm not from Split, but they literally live inside a Roman palace.
Nobody wants to live in a Mad Max wasteland
My grandma says the cold war has never even ended, it is just a bit less visible now.
Imagine Croatia city Like Zagreb or Split
Why cant we be normal like the rest of europe
And by that I obviously mean come closer to what I think is reasonable
Hahahahahaha
Towers are built from very porous stone that gets dissolved in water and they get destroyed pretty quickly
There were other crises before the July Crisis, and they ended up being contained and calmed down
Especially the really long ones, no one has that
You are right, but still I mean a McDonalds worker in Verona
But this won’t stop until something changes
We go over all of the authors listed as well, some being read in full (Zola, Moliere, Voltaire, Camus, Balzac, Flaubert, Corneille) and learn about some of them and read excerpts of texts :)
Why not be one of the first ones
Oh wow am in third place NICE
Poland mulls F-35, F-16A/B fighters acquisition
Actually I just checked it out and it seems that the Constitutional court of Bosnia and Herzegovina finally came around to officially insist on banning the death penalty in RS
Debate most of the time is who was ustasha, partizan, domobran or chetnik
If there were SV there, I'm pretty sure there are SV everywhere across Germany
In Croatia we say "ptičica" which means "little bird"
i kinda wanna know
This is just one of dozens other stories like this, no wonder young people are fleeing the country
Asians and German language are a hilarious combination to me for some reason
[Film - Sjećam se prvog poljupca]
If I dont like your service and think you were rude, I sure as hell am not giving you shit let alone 15-20%.
People going to the city centre will spend a lot more time for shorter distanced than my route
My dad still has a belt buckle with a GDR coat of arms on it
Anyways, we can't shower together because the water i use burns her while i don't even feel it, she can't hold her hand under it while i can easily wash my face, balls, whatever
"in 10 operations in waters **off the coast of Libya** " - Jesus Christ.
how should i put it
Sretan Dan nezavisnosti, Litva
Luxurious places are also added here, but anything will do
Poles, Croatians, Belarusians and Ukrainians are the most Slavic nations.
Croatia confirmed Western
Slovenian coastline finally expands from 2 km into 3
Also, if you break down her argument, it sounds like it comes from an English person's perspective rather than a Scottish person's considering Scotland voted in favour of remaining in the EU
But your question ''Are we really fighting on a piece of chocolate now?'' was ignorant of possible future chocolate crisis, you take it for granted.
Just dont tell me you're istrian because everything i believe in will fall apart
The opening was attended by the president of Serbia and by the president of the Serbs in Bosnia.
I agree mere difference of opinion doesn't warrant that but this isn't just difference of opinion; this is either extreme ineptitude or corruption/bribery
You see bosnia espacially is a very spicy situation
You are correct, but that still does not change that Croatia was a kingdom, meaning, unlike the other parts, a separate political entity from Hungary, regardless of its subservient status.
Do you even sleep then
Glava, ramena, koljena i stopala
maybe even put the old, proposed [flag] there
It could go both ways tbh
that's heresy
I understand why, but Poland is with every new story only lower and lower in my eyes
You either need something that can cut through the door (i.e. plasma cutter), or has enough force to crack through the concrete walls
Croatia
Which country does the city now belong to?
Woohooo ours is low
If the poll asked “other than English” the number would be far lower for everyone
Not only on a roadside, you can go hiking somewhere random and you'll find one.
Only the northeastern Prekmurje region, I believe, and that's really small
He's not that rare to meet, *Hrvoje* Horvat would be his name.
also, the UK isn't a big enough global player to affect me in any way
I just think that people are overreacting
For 10 you can get an ice cream thats pretty good
I’ve met 2 or 3 people who watched it, but AFAIK its’s practically unheard of in Croatia
burek sa sirom, burek sa krumpirom, burek sa zeljem i pita od mesa
• kite - dicks
You actually can see many of her e-mails on Wikileaks.
All police officers that are on patrol carry a sidearm (either HS2000, CZ 75 or Glock 19), but in certain situations (usually after some incidents) they can be seen carrying Ero submachine gun or M70 rifle
If it's in person, far away from europe then it usually ended with them saying "aaa, davor suker, really good". In the last 10ish years davor šuker was changed for luka modrić.
Yes I am :)
It's affecting local population big time and destroying famous landmarks
Yeah, right here; they replied to my comment.
I discussed it with my friends what a beatiful fuck you to government that was
The cost is already too big to pay
He spent a large part of the funds previously reserved for disasters into funding churches in Bosnia and Herzegovina
Hahah
Yeah
Well thats what it's written there.
Do Kalambaka and Athens count as special corners?
Maybe not everybody knows all of these, but anyone who knows just a bit about our history has heard of them:
Dobre ceste, odličan glavni grad
nope we were part of communist yugoslavia, nothing really changed its just people were less likely to portray themselves as christians back then
The moment I saw the name I thought "hey, look it's a mošnja", but then I thought sz isn't really š and n isn't nj, so no one will get it.
Add the fact that they're foreigners backing nationalists and you might see the problems they're about to face.
Isn't that hypocritical
The coat of arms on our parliment building has first white field
I see zero appeal in deserts and heat, generally, I don't get the popularity
Oh well
This seems more like Europe according to religious Americans who know very little about Europe
It's still the best one of us though
There is a theory that Britain killed more than billion people in India with capitalism
for me it stayed the same
leaders, their first question was, Gardner said, “What country is about to leave next after the U.K.?”.
sure, there's a bunch of illegal war leftovers but i'm talking about regular citizens, not criminals or ptsd veterans
We call it šalabahter, sometimes shortened to šalić. Apparently the word comes from the German word Scharteke, and that word comes from the French word charte
Because there are freaking photos of Russian soldiers on VK.
Slovenes - actually Bosnians, land stealers
Mmh, she and her fiance plan to return after 10 years or so.
3D reconstruction of Diocletian's Palace
• most - bridge
It's simple reciprocity in international law
The war ended 24 years ago
I find it odd that in Europe, cousin marriage is [legal in most countries] whilst America is more restrictive, and maybe in a bit of odd way - [in Texas out of all states it's a criminal offense, but in California (which on the other hand is more restrictive on other issues), New York and New Jersey, it's perfectly legal (go figure).]
000
In Croatia we've got two, always one of them wins and then there's smaller parties who just get absorbed and do drama if possible (eg one party not getting enough votes and all so then mini parties go all patriotic and shit just to turn out to be a bunch of money hungry retards who do complete opposite of they promised the people to do etc, we even had one "new" party one elections, upon realizing they have actual chance to influence the outcome of elections their dumbfuck leader went to sign a public document stating they aren't going to be bought by croatian democratic party and that they will do everything that interests Croatia as a country only, to form a government with said party a week later, the same government that turned out to be the most embarrassing group of retards Croatia has ever saw, and trust me, we get out yearly dose of retards in bulk)
Want to go back to brexit, refugees and greek crisis?
So, does this cover Google Maps navigation
Most of us said similar things about Kosovo until it happened.
Slovene a little bit less but people from northern regions understand them much better
(Domobrani were the regular army of the ww2 nazi puppet state, and were generally considered useless in combat
Holy hell the first performer was a cringefest
These things are taught as being correct, but very few native English speakers actually talk like that
There is a Stalinist party
Nisam ti ćaća da te vređam
I'd say Dubrovnik's Old Town is so dense with people in summer it beats any other place on Earth lol
Can confirm
And IIRC some high schools don't take German as 2nd, but French/Italian/Spanish (I think).
In Croatia 8 doctors have corona some of them were going skiing in austria they got corona there and did not tell anyone where they were
I can also see reaching out to the salvageable ones.
From now on every time I go skiing I'm gonna have [an avalanche beacon transceiver] with me at all times.
Just wait 10-20 years, people will stop aging and dying by then so problem solved.
Yes, I learned when I was 3
Yup, it's not stopping just yet apparently
More or less, everybody in Croatia doesn't understand two of them, some three
Didn't know you use points
just like balkans stayed during 90s?
I live in Zagreb, and I think that [this song] would fit perfectly as a silent backing track for it, and the bonus is that the people who wrote the sing are from Zagreb as well
It's a medical textbook, so I wouldn't say it's "simply wrong".
This is the same as germans claiming they "never knew".
This is really in response to [this thread]
They are spreading, *one burek at the time.*
I get it now
Noone really knows why but there is an old legend about it.
And Stefan uses something similar to parachute, so
those great days when South Slavs ruled the world...
>is Balkan
I really don’t mind if a foreigner just says hello in my language and even if they do only that, I’ll know by pronounciation they’re not native Croatian speakers
Football > Life
Its so much quicker and it can look good (although mine doesnt)
If you actually wanted to dodge paying taxes you would never, ever take your money out of your company anywhere in the EU
That one is for sljivovica still oper8ors.
This is an agreement between Republic of Slovenia and Republic of Croatia, and is much stronger than owning some shares.
Croatia
People who are capable of deeming an entire nation worth of people to be barbarians just because of their experience with a few people
Niko is a popular Crotian name
[How the Russians will spin this]
More than 3billion people depond on these rivers in India, China and south-east asia
First and last k are pronounced the same
Live stream on Periscope:
Tbh it doesn't make us *anything* much, here.
Jasenovac i Gradiška stara
Yoyoyoyo
and in coastal croatia
It's not authentic swedish meal
If anything this march is doing the opposite
Small, cosy, beautiful and you can feel the history in the air
So you could publish five papers in low ranking journals or you could go for one Immunity paper for example
Money
I've never been more offended
I love this sub's banner
The subject and predicate can go wherever in the sentence and the meaning will not be lost
Hungary is the only exception of our neighbours because the law is different
One of them is the believed story that the territory of modern day Ukraine was home of a tribe called White Croats
'round 'ere we just call 'em friends :D
Then there's some confusion in regards to Bosnia too, maybe not that much in terms of accepted scientific history, but more like "it is known" general knowledge that depends on whom you ask.
I LOVE milk, but haven’t drunk it since February
This video in particular is older part of my neighborhood, english subs are available
Do more
Also Niko Belić from GTA IV
Get up at 07:30 rush to get to school till 08:00, I did not much like to go to school
He could be from just about any *continent* and his most important description would still be "a paranoid schizophrenic on meds".
but my sister is a Croat and her husband is a Serb.
There were stories about the ss officers visiting croatia and writing back home how cruel ustasas are
After peactice :D
They did in fact manage to field extremely impressive armies against the Arabs but still lose.
Everyone knows the beautiful Croatian coast and Zagreb with the best European advent but noone knows about Osijek
Its true, Italians and Brits, but the main difference is that Italian teens can handle alcohol better so the Brits are the worst guests there
So again, you aren't living with your parents, you are living with one of your parents
In the US there are only two major parties and you have to adjust your preferences to one of them.[Here] are the parties of the European Parliament.
I'd say most younger people smoke it every now and then
Ah wonderful
And didn’t feel it maybe I am strong sleeper I only woke up because my sister screamed
Iž is (i think) the only two letter
We sing it very often, and Serbs dont like it
Can you refer to the sea as water
The only time "fairness" is even mentioned is when they need to turn on their propaganda machines for the masses
Well we can all agree we like burek
It doesnt make sense to you because you are being ruled by fear of having guns or allowing others to do so..
I'd kill her right then and there
It's not super common to hear in a normal conversation but not really weird.
(Correct me if I'm wrong, this is just the stuff I heard.
Just like I never liked him
I just explained myself
france doing the good ol' fascist stuff cause germany would have put some isulting stuff
Ah yes, those colonial Swedes, Swiss, Finns, Danes, Austrians, Norwegians, Irish and their brutal exploitative empires...
Samo daj
The elections and the anti-lukashenko protests were mentioned, along with short background on him and how results are questionable
Zadar: sea organ
What I'd love to see is someone combining elements from all of the coats of arms to create a completely new one.
And that's how dictatorships are born.
Yep, he was Slobodan's favourite quisling when Montenegro was considered staunch Serbian ally.
Let's hope that troubles avoid all of us next time, so that we can work together on uniting Africa to one true faith!
Well not popular at all but sometimes we like to pretend we know rugby and play but never seriously
**Contemporary**
dank je wel, onze nederlandse vriend :(
I thought that narječje = dialect , dijalekt = subdialect in English
Probably not but we have mountains which are really sparsely populated and I think you can easily get lost there but to live like in total isolation I think not because it is too small
I don't know what part of this sentence can be interpreted differently.
The relationship between us has always been pretty chill (except briefly during the 90-s siege of Dubrovnik, but I think we can move on from that)
So cool, nice work
"You are going to live under a bridge" or "If you don't get an education you are gonna work in agriculture" this one is one of the reasons why Croatian agriculture is failing
I just start eating my burek and than this shit happened
>Ok, well, it's time to go back to the drawing board and come up with new protocols and systems which circumvent this bullshit
We hava a lot of diversity in Kajkavian dialect
How is this so hard to understand!?
But aren't we supposed to argue about borders in otherwise boring times?
Money and crime are the answers
Then look at the tweet, the language he uses:
Most of us are subscribed to r/pics, r/videos and similar, all of those subreddits are full of stupid halloween costumes, 9/11 posts, donald ~~duck~~ trump, etc
shock humor is also popular
It's written in the way it's said
To add to all thing mentioned before, in many places local ground doesnt allow tall buildings to be built easily
Acusing everyone of racism even though we have a completely different understanding of race and racial relationships from them
Yeah rest of slavonia, kordun, banija are pretty ok these days
Handguns are part of standard uniform
[Museum of Croatian Naïve art] a surprising number of tourists in Zagreb told me that they really liked it, so I always recommend it
You can encounter inches(Zoll) when buying electronics with screens(computer, tablet, TV...) or car rims.
What is your actual population?
Ah, the good old days of religious wars.
Sed tristique nisl quis felis convallis mattis
But there really aren't so many such cases.
Sweden and every eastern blocc country
School for theory
That's actually how people think of you
It is a historical fact that they may have been Turkic before they even entered Eastern Europe proper.
So you mentioned projects but list one example....
And how would you split it up ?
He doesn't live in Vienna, it's just very well decorated - so it looks like Santa's home.
Vast majority of people use both names interchangeably.
Now I can't wait to go back to DE
I love this sub's banner
I'd say northern Croatian coast has way too many tourists for its capacity at normal years
Actually what is weird, in start we had pretty good relations with Serbs, we even helped (saved) them with their war against Simeon I, at that time we also had alliance with Byzantines
Like hpapwdyggh kwartghaws aerthgddwkw.
Not according to our deal with Franz Ferdinand and his crew;
Paradeiser - paradajz
Although we favour Asians a bit
Seriously though, what is the Austrian monarchist platform anyway, aside from wanting a Habsburg restoration
No, Prime minister has far more power then president in Croatia
You better not do it 3 times
We weren't the top but only one of three countries that share the first place but yeah still bad.
It felt like someone was shuffling my bed in the room
They have first past the post and winner take all in congressional elections as well.
On the other hand, whenever they decide to have a child women do their part, so maybe it's OK for them not to be drafted, I don't know.
Because religion is only a small part of the conflict.
Do you just keep these handy in case you need to use them?
Yup, OP and this /u/2a95 reek of faschism
From the first word I knew it was gonna be Zagreb
Henry Kissinger has 'advised Donald Trump to accept' Crimea as part of Russia
Redditor for 11 months, no posts or post karma, -2 comment karma, and this is the single comment visible in your history.
Well, Italy (though we do share a maritime border) and Austria
But the lodgings are not exactly luxurious and the money isn't great.
Branimir and Miroslav are two well-known names in Croatia
Then write in \[the\] naturalest order for your language
Why does my country get nothing like this
Haha hope not a nuclear WW3 and this is not confirmed to be clear I said maybe
Anything from [Medvedgrad Brewery]
There were only my parents and I, we all just called each other "you" and "him/her".
Well if families of the victims get some closure then I guess it can never be to late, but this kind of stuff always has some political background unfortunately.
He threatened an idea of the unelect bureaucracy and for that he has my sympathies
Like this:
Central Europe is Austra-Hungary & Germany
It's weird in our language and it's word for word translation from English
That's a yikes
It's yours
He is directly responsible for deaths of hundreds of thousands of POW and civilians
Monaco
>Here's the thing, I don't see why Serbia would need to recognize Kosovo
"The Islamic calendar is quite different from the one we use in the West.
The British do not have a monopoly on stupid, short sighted ideas.
— but when you look at what’s going on with the four prisoners — now it used to be three, now it’s four — but when it was three and even now, I would have said it’s all in the messenger; fellas, and it is fellas because, you know, they don’t, they haven’t figured that the women are smarter right now than the men, so, you know, it’s gonna take them about another 150 years — but the Persians are great negotiators, the Iranians are great negotiators, so, and they, they just killed, they just killed us, this is horrible
I remember this exact map being posted probably on the same day last year, because I remember commenting something about Ožujsko beer.
Especially Odbrana i Poslednji dana by Idoli (Defense and Last Days)
So to combat the far-right, you have to become them.
half of Croatia should be Serbian (before 1995)
Never seen anything like that tbh.
all ruza/ruzica, jagoda, visnja, malina etc are old women in their 60s at least
[Film - Sjećam se prvog poljupca]
This is a very rough estimate
I guess the mandatory balkan shitfest is happening under this comment.
And if you've visited Zagreb, on the center square/plaza
I hate that they named Zagreb's airport after him
Then we got fucked in the 1st Yugoslavia, like a huge amount of state funds just went to Serbia and the eastern parts
Right, that's why I said not solar/hydro.
Yes exactly, he claimed the title of the king of Serbs through his dynastic ancestry, not through the fact that he was a Serbian ruler.
She is pretty though
There was no systematic ethnic cleansing happening in Operation Storm.
I'll be the one to ask
Quite an impressive version and I've heard quite a few.
North Africa was conquered the same way the Balkans or Levant were
We love to tell lame jokes about how small Slovenia is, over and over again, but we laugh every time.
Having regular blue passports makes sense.
The situation here regarding fascist and communist regimes is so polarised that bringing the crimes of one group automatically labels you as a supporter of the other regime
the same prime minister talking about european bank:
I even heard the comparison that bavaria is germany's texas
A mistake which all our parents made as well
Slovenia is a former part of Austria which means it has higher standard of living.
Or says burek wit cheese
have become a common occurrence
No lockers are really rare actually but last year lockers were brought for the 1st to 4th grade but not the others
That doesn't change the fact that the initial loses of around 1/3 of the Croatian territory wouldn't have been as bad if we weren't almost defenseless in the beginning.
You are, without doubt, a part of the worst thing about England
Recognition of Youthpass depends on countries and employers, in some countries you can get even extra credits for universities.
Some interesting trivia is sure to be skipped
>an addiction to building castles
After Brexit, young Australians looking for a new London have found it in Berlin
Yeah i realised that when I typed it but I posted anyways because in english people can only say it that way (or it's the most common way)
The rest is kind of up for debate
I'm right as far as 90% of the developed world goes population wise.
It would be horrible for the Russians.
Edit: Apparently the fall of the spire spread the fire to the entire interior
I think Zagreb had potential to become like it however 20 years of systematic neglecting and criminal activites has destroyed the city on top with recent earthquakes
That's why they will never go to war with each other again.
And right, more pupils
They are product of Habsburg/Ottoman empires
Zar nije u boj u boj mač iz toka braćo?
School for theory
He has no voice left
In the Republic of Croatia, power comes from the people and belongs to the people as a community of free and equal citizens
Basically new Yugoslavia including Hungary and excluding North Macedonia
It's Plavac Mali, good choice :)
Phasellus dignissim nunc ut lacinia placerat
So,if you can,exchange your currency for KM in your own country.
Honestly, it varies a lot from person to person
A is always pronounced the same, as in a in car, or (first) e in eye, I (without the y fadeout)
Then it becomes rich and presto, now it's a poster child of Western culture
So - here's a crazy suggestion - instead of destroying SME in this insane quest to get at Facebook, Google, etc - how about the EU actually push for a single digital market
They wanted to build an older Dubrovnik.
There really isn't IMO, a couple of locally produced ones, but I like them even less than I do the knock-off Nutella.
Looks like a woman being thrown of a chair into the sea, and as she is falling she's praying
We hold grudges for centuries, nah millennium
Austrians are nothing, if not pragmatic
oh god yes please
At the moment though EU has enough troubles creating a simple task force, I think nuclear weapons is unreachable goal.
And USA needs to start adhering to rules of Austria, Belgium, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany,
Same thing with me, I'm from croatia
That's all we got :)
Ah, my mistake, I have the attention span of a fruit fly
Ali evo, imas tri sina, sva 3 se isele i ozene, sva 3 preuzmu slavu na sebe i niti jedan od te 3 ne dodje tebi, njihovom tati, na slavu jer sva trojica organiziraju slavu doma
This way flat owner doesn't care for the quallity of furniture and people moving in also don't care since it's not their place
> but I remember
>What if we just want to be happy enjoying our marriage to each other
.. am i doing it right
I am just here trying to talk about my point of view, calm down
German/Austrian/Swiss Alps, few central European Slavic countries + Hungary, Italian/French villages, Adriatic sea and its islands in Croatia
The second image depicts an elementary school class from the Netherlands
This is why I do not support LGBT and cringe by anything and all by it
u forgot the pasta
Now they will go into the offensive and collect signatures to force our government to buckle and change the constitution again.
Sam nastavite
Would unironically be pretty cool tbh, can you imagine travelling across wetlands on raised causeways and then there's an island with a big-ass cathedral over the horizon
Same here
Unfortunately, I agree with you on everything...
Barcelona to feed pigeons contraceptives in bid to slash numbers
Also tri manje kvarat vs petanest do tri (3 minus quarter vs fifteen until 3)
evidence for that is extremely weak
Most Serbians online bashing EU are Serbs living outside Serbia, and usually somewhere richer like Germany or the US so it's easy for them to trash talk and be proud nationalists when living far away.
Dude, Epic History is run by a couple Scots.
The most problematic would be finding out if someone has a j in the name or not, eg Mija or Mia, Andreja or Andrea, Marijo or Mario
Women, children, local stray cats and dogs, a confused tourist, everyone
Pretty much the weather inversly correlates with covid
"i" means "and", "nj" (nj is one letter) means "(for) her", "o" means "about" and in some cases can mean "by", "u" means "in", "k" means "to" and we also have "a" which is a form of "and" and my dialect also has "z" which means "from"
Bok, moje ime je Ivan, drago mi je upoznati te
I was thinking more along the lines of wealth redistribution - why isn't anybody suggesting we redistribute wealth from "rich" Europe to Africa
I was actually very good at this, I would fill up my entire album very quickly without buying new stickers very often
India and China are gaining in power and influence, so you think to your selves: "Let's split this in half"
Every year i see that picture of that dog who is getting saluted on his way to euthanasia, every year the same pictures
Not for Croatia and Slovenia
I MADE A MISTAKE SRY
Not just Europe, the world itself, there are too many massive protests catching the eye of the public and interest of milions and then just dying out without any sort of actual change being made
Borovniča is the shit, I love it
How high is the public support for this
War isn't so romantic like in movies or exciting like in WoT, DoD, MoH.
In most dialects yes
I would say slightly less prevelant
"That place is far away" = "Ma to ti je tamo negdje u pički materini"
Sweden launches campaign to host EU drugs agency instead of UK after Brexit
So far I've always stumbled upon György Dózsa, never Dózsa György .
They're monsters
Why is it a problem, or why is it relevant?
Lebowski
I don't drink alcohol and I don't enjoy summer or swimming in the sea
I "dug" through his history for about 7 seconds because I knew exactly what I was going to find.
For all of you not familiar with the fact, Zagreb has a high number of people from Herzegovina
" :D
That is the only kind of source there is, since the project is still mostly secretive.
But this argument is also something that can be used by shitty people that want (e.g.) Nazi stuff in public
Also, they get mentioned quite often here as a country we should look up to
I mean there are hours of video material just on youtube from the period.
>Republika Hrvatska jedinstvena je i nedjeljiva demokratska i socijalna država
My cousin Viktor works for the secret service as a spy.
Illegals come by themselves and overstay their visas, or by other illegal means.
My country lacks so many good things but nature aint one of that
That's ''kuda ideš'', saying ''gdje ideš'' is incorrect, but everyone says it
However, we should always give people the right to do these things, because if you take it away who gets to decide what can and can't be criticizes and satirized
I'd love to live in iceland or denmark or norway but i don't want to spend my winters in below freezing temperatures and dark
Just because official data suggests one thing, it doesn’t mean we should relax too much
Слава Україні and love from Croatia
But I gave it the benefit of the doubt since a lot of my friends actually like Split so I guess I either went to the wrong places or I was just too distracted from seeing the dump
Then I went to France (Orleans and nearby area) for a year and had to take a day off every time i needed to go to the bank or post office because their hours matched mine perfectly
In Croatia, standard is to have just FIRST NAME + LAST NAME
They're torn between living in glorious city or breathtaking Alps
Your brain knows the rules and applies them without having to think about it
Neither is Trump yet, but another example would be that people genuinely believed she would start ww3
Dem Brits are THICC
Split, I know it has the palace and very nice sea and a lot more but when I came tourists were everywhere and the palace it self wasn't special at all and stores were everywhere even in the palace
[Ivan Musić] of the Herzegovina uprising in western Herzegovian and a Catholic priest
[shrug] I definitely wasn't subscribed, and don't remember it ever showing up in my r/front.
Yes, children from very young age walk alone to school (8-9 years old)
European history animated, battle of Hastings
[Better, stronger, faster, catter.]
To clarify I can tell if it's english, scottish, irish
My parents grew up in Yugoslavia with the policy of state atheism, even though they still practiced Catholicism
I reside close to the center of Zagreb in an old building waiting to be destroyed by an earthquake, so I felt it pretty strongly (once I woke up of course)
I speak Serbocroatian and English, and am able to understand Macedonian and Slovenian (most of the time).
Yeah and they planned on moving it back but I guess they never bothered and Zagreb is definitely in a better location unlike Dubrovnik lmao
Btw Sombor has great food and cheap shoes and Pecs is just beatiful itself
Like the purplish pink lighting being pincired by deep dark blue clouds
# *nationalism intensifies*
**Gothic, Renaissance**
Geographically, Europe is quite clearly defined, Anatolia is not part of it, Thrace is
you forgot to mention a draft
The clashes between Ukraine's military and the pro-Russian separatists coincide with U.S.
We also own a little island some kilometers of the coast of Šibenik where we spend 2 weeks every summer, which i prefer over going to the coastline with my family
The way our language works is that the way you pronounce each letter of an alphabet is the same when you pronounce it within a word
Well it would be a better reason than last time :I
I'm truly sorry
Hunt for "srbocetniks" and "ustasa" is a neverending task that keeps on the fog while they are stealing, pillaging and robbing
This is stupid
I mean if you count Croatia + Bosnia + Serbia, 16 million people is reasonably big
Serbia is surrounded by NATO, impossible for Russia to do much.
Agram, tak imam te rad
Thanks bro, you’re kind
Others won't understand why it's kinda funny
And crucially for your argument - aren't trying to get EU funds and use them to improve their country
Megoslav
Wild boar and horned viper, I guess
If the Croatian prime minister tried to pull this shit, our President would never stop talking about it
Amazing :D Thanks
Funny, I'm not from the NW Croatia so I didn't have much contact with those dialects, but I managed to understand a good bit
&#x200B;
Can you refer to the sea as water
Oh my dear Franz, [what could have been if you just did not get shot...]
I took itnfrom here:
Slovenia- no more border disputes, the only reasons why they dislike us
I'd feel very cool saying "Idem po vasaru"
Thank you RJ45
It used to be the same here, until people realized it's so practical
Secondly, Ireland is a victim of history - just because they chose not to act doesn't make them less of one
"Croats eate children"
So that his/her further acts include things that are important for reducing the effects of global warming, instead of increasing them.
Nice to see Mogherini being fluent in Croatian...
And also they started a war in Bosnia
Leave your back uncovered at night and you'll get a kidney infection XD
There are no rules about population numbers in linguistics.
Also you can see how the Caucasus wasn't considered Europe back then
Well we arrived here and established 2 duchies in 7th century but after 1102 we had a shit ton of foreign leaders up until 25 June 1991 when we became independent
Jur fakin ded kid
Except Polish had no one to help them and nowhere to flee.
"Overencumbered". As you might imagine, I saw it in a video game
I dont think were that good
I wouldnt be surprised if it was paied by politicians like many times before.
And i think there's more of them than men, a lot more but i'm not sure if that's correct
A Croatian who doesn't like football
Would they all grow a brain cell?
Yeah I know
They are originally mostly names of kings or other rulers since those are the names that were perserved (Im not sure if we know any common folk names from 10th century or so - I know there was a monk named Držiha though)
Epic sax guy is back and ready for Eurovision 2017
Not great, not terrible
50 You sent 50 troops to Estonia.
We learn a whole lot about Hungary in the Habsburg monarchy
I had no idea you guys use soft sounds so much haha
Interesting to see building itself from architectural point of view alone but c'mon...using TW assets (copyright issues?) and then whining why Tourist Board of Split does not wan't to have any part in this...
Nagel Eisen
In croatian:
Rvatine
"Austrian identity" existed but it wasn't any less German than Prussian or Bavarian identity at the time
I'm truly interested, can Serbians (or any other nationality from Balkan) understand Dalmatian dialect something like [this] Or something from Međimurje like [this] tho I guess some Slovenians can understand Međimurski better than some Croatians
With 2-3 maybe even 4 times smaller salary in comparison to the Netherlands
And to all the people crying under me, i read what he's cutting, and none of the programs made anything noteworty, none of them.
You seem to be under impression that Yugoslavia was some kind of real and old country
Slovenia: Singing and hanging with friends is a bus
No, it will be France again, vs Germany, with Charles the Great.
Kind of stupid and idealistic, but balls of steel
I can kinda see why she wouldn't accept the U.S. as an answer because, while it does indeed contain a metric fuckton of ethnicities, a person's ethnicity isn't really *that* relevant
Huh, I guess you do learn something new every day
Yes we should force asylum seekers to break a tenet of their religion to prove they respect our tolerant values
Something is wrong here
There are still 11 UN member states which haven't formally recognised Croatia or established diplomatic relations with Croatia
I mean, technically, [at least the boat part is correct...]
Don't know, actually came here for the same thing as you.
I read that today in Alemko Gluhak's Etymological dictionary.
Back from the 30-year long protestant war in Germany
Shouldn't you be begging for Istria instead
Though, they can be overwhelmingly manipulative when they want views
7m people
sure, you'll probably need to patch the roof and few windows but the house would be standing, right
I also just go with halo
Austrian as a national identity distinct from German was only born post WW2 when everyone wanted to distance themselves from Germany and it's Nazi reputation
If anything they jump to any opportunity they can to call out the government, it’s what gets clicks after all
For anyone who is confused:
"Aha game of thrones right
Hungary monarch came to the Croatian throne, about 11th century, we haven't had a sovereign country since then
I have to say, I always knew Romanian was super interesting because of the Romance Slavic blend, but seeing it this way, I love it even more
Indoctrination is not a mental illness, per se.
And all that in the biology class :)
The reason being that at the time overwhelming majority of Austrians absolutely felt German
kebab maker
OK this has gotten pretty long and philosophical...
Not to the point of adoring him, but thinking his positives overule his negatives
I don't know about Poland, but our electra runs a monopole charging way too much for electircity, but I have also tried electric cooked food and its a no for me
Portuguese, i like the specific  expressiveness mixed with the calm of the language
> Why should their opinion matter to anyone
Or france just for the fun of it and make europe an archipelago
Erdogan criticizes Germany over treatment of Turkish lawmaker at Cologne airport
Ngl I hate the design
Though, granted, Zagreb is probably the largest center of geekdom in the country
They aren’t sanctioning France, they are calling for boycotts on French products
Even if the EU decided that open borders meant open borders for everyone, which they most certainly did not, the UK still would have retained full control.
My dad calls me "bebo" (kinda like "little baby") and žabo (frog)
pet - five;
Still salty about that bit of sea we won't give you,eh?
Most just leave their pets outside and letting them run around the neighbourhood only giving them water and food.
For example, Kiribati that someone linked here as an example of a too complicated flag, looks awesome, who cares if a child can't draw it
You would probably block our entry (even if Slovenia did a complete 180)
They are not natural but still interesting
There are other latinos other than mexicans though.
If you're someone back home with a job that hits 1k Euros a month or very close to that, you're pretty much a rich person in the eyes of many country folk
I was reading this and was confused about crete
Did you have to say it for the love of christ??
I wouldn't have such an optimistic view
5€. An intercity ticket for a 250 km trip is 15€.
I don't mean stuff like turbofolk (I still can't stand that), but stuff like dalmatian singers that sang about the sea, pop dancing music and the stuff you'd usually hear at weddings or big parties
It is however possible that in some German dialect the aforementioned is indeed preserved.
Not really popular fpr us but it's a tradition for the Czech tourists visiting us
You would not be a good parent if you didnt let your children watch the hood classics
What is the cost of lies
I mean the reputation in Vienna.
I was reading this and was confused about crete
not swans, not snow it is you see there,
Even the best maintained cities aren't filmed outside of center because there's nothing to see there except endless streets of exactly the same houses and apartment block.
more money into the hands of corrupted government makes it even worst
There is word only for urban and rural settlements.
I think this is incorrect because in some dialects there were other form attested, such as ['lažak', 'lžujak', or 'lažujak']žujak), and each of this forms points to the word for lie.
Pretty sad
This is
I start with socialist bailouts
In new Croatian translation of Tolkien's Lord of the Rings, "Baggins" will be literally translated as "Torbar" (one who makes and/or sells bags)
Hold my beer
We just skip the middle and move to either USA or Germany
Yea I don't expect that Trump and his cronies will cooperate on this.
The Brits, even though in lesser numbers and to a lesser extent, are similarly guilty of the same crime of assuming everyone lives/should live like them
Oh, I thought you were talking about us since we're still looking what to buy and Gripen seems to be first choice for now.
All in all, it's very similar
The NATO started their offensive because the peace talks failed and to stop the flow of Albanian refugees and warcrimes.
Spending money on me going 3 months to learn how to use a rifle is a bit stupid to me too.
Be it the hospital waiting list, politicians, police, getting a job etc
Remeber me
Now that's an inventive name if I ever saw one.
Can you make a good steak
*Bhutan, Burundi, Central African Republic, Eswatini (Swaziland), Liberia, Marshal Islands, Niger, Somalia, South Sudan, Tonga and Tuvalu
25 % of Croats today live abroad
Lol you should check the Zagreb Cathedral
Western Europe has gathered so much wealth over the colonial centuries from various places in the world, it was the greatest pillage in human history.
1) delusions of grandeur
Eh, I personally don't like it, it's too slow and boring - I feel like "U boj, u boj
Which lake is it
Rijeka; Third largest, or just about, known for a very cool mix of mediterrannean and central european architecture
>It's the anxiety, frustration, lack of opportunities and defeatist attitude that pushes them into these radical beliefs, inceldom or similar and all as a result of the way modernization changed human interaction for the worse
Bojna Čavoglave
Sir is cheese on Croatian so it's always funny to hear that the Queen proclaimed some person a cheese
Droning of a general and important political figurehead of a regional power and rival of an ally who is at the time in another country under diplomatic immunity
Well, it is not really rewriting, just ignoring the inconvenient iteration of the ideology he supports.
I'm pretty sure on the coast we use Italian more for Briškule and Trešete
Plus the other two foreign languages (English  + another one) that are mandatory
Just read Katzung's Pharmacology.
Like one big, happy, disfunctional family
The Turkish and the Serbian girl are spot on, not enough sampling from my side to evaluate the rest.
Ne kontam zadnji
The Sorrows of Young Werther, Old Goriot, and there's a whole lot more than I can remember
Maybe I am biased but I really expected everyone to know
You're the one complaining about this place for months so its obvious whos [salty here ]
I am being serious now, with all the propaganda happening in Russia, China..
I also learned recently that you guys say Becs for Vienna, we say Beč and I never knew we borrowed the name from you
Ser-
While showing boobs - for goodness sake, these teenagers might figure out it's OK to go out and fondle some real ones :O
You be the judge of what you read and find
people really like to show off their german made cars around here but phones, yeah, nobody cares
It's not a problem
Boy oh boy here we go:
Awesome
Dalmatia, for the most part, was never part of the Ottoman Bosnian Eyelet and switches rulers more than any region in that part of Europe
The joke would not work well if I used another word :)
These planes helped with fires in Bosnia, Greece, Montenegro ...
Don't forget water polo
I had already had high expectations upon coming, but it's inexplicable with words how beautiful it was.
Yeah, they should simply beat them up with batons, killing someone is a permanent solution, police beating them up is more educational and deterring.
It's kind of funny how inequality is only ever mentioned in the context of domestic policies
Don't mess with FC Shalke 04 supporters
We need to make sure trying never even comes to mind and as things stand, we are doing a piss poor job at that.
Kim can’t afford them
We were taught that there were Mayans, Aztecs, Incas and Inuits, and we had to know where they lived.
But I really dont know the official rule
Just asked my sister, she visisted latvia, lithuania and estonia in 3 separate trips and said that indeed some commie blocks look bad
I think he was an asshole and that we would fared much better with someone else as president, me preferring Gotovac, but that’s what would be if
As someone who is afraid of both heights (well, ledges) and excessive depths, I woud only be comfortable seeing this beautiful wonder of nature in person from the safety of that church, while being tethered to its walls
What does Croatia have to do with anything?
Building a central European terminal on an island.
Russia is not in really good shape either.
No, that was Tsar Joseph the Man of Steel, also known as the Terrible.
Unfortunately, a lot of these are sometimes based around one or few villages, and are dying out
Well can you blame him ethnic tensions are now more important then ever in a world til recently dominated with a multicultural idea
And that led to a town that soon developed there
Which means that the historical relationship we had with people of colour is vastly different to those of the US
The union can be purely on paper, leaving both parties as nothing more than two neighbouring EU members
When a principal reason leave voters give is immigration and then clarify that yes, they do understand that the UK had control of immigration from outside the EU, it's really hard not to take it personally.
Same in Croatia, I haven't missed a single Christmas without watching at least one of the Home Alone movies
Jesus, the paperwork looks like you are ordering uranium, not pet food
>Putin still does karate, plays hockey
Byzantium, walled and defended.
Mmmmyeah, every summer we're reminded of how good idea _that_ is...
It's half-half wherever you go in ex-Yu
When Germany invaded Soviet Union, Soviets practically didn't have anything
In Croatian you are supposed to have space as the thousands separator (but only 10 000 and above, 9999 would not have a space) and comma as the decimal
Cursive
So you didn’t learn it in school
The same can be said for scandinavian countries, they also all understand each other
Same
If you sit on the cold floor, you will get a bladder infection...
IIRC sometime between 2009 and 2013, it's like they started sprouting like mushrooms everywhere.
i know the difference i just frankly think the distinction is stupid and i just don't bother w it
Plus, I was suprised and pleased to hear how many people speak Croatian in Slovenia
Aside from that, I also think there were people who were more deserving for this airport to be named after them(Herman Bolle, Slavoljub Penkala), but Zoki pushed this in desperate efforts to gain some votes from the right.
Ah you are like the fifth person asking this
Yeah, I've heard it's amazing
Literally everybody here owns a house, I always found it weird not to own something where you live.
Coco T is not our president, I wish she was.
Yeah, duck and turkey being the most common, goose perhaps if someone has its own
Yeah, in Dalmatia you can find peaceful places you can actually rest in, unlike places like Dubrovnik, Rovinj, Plitvice Lakes which are overcrowded with people, and imo, there should be regulations in Dubrovnik for Old Town entry (Stradun area) since it is so overcrowded you can barely walk there
A present
Most of our academics are morally bankrupt and the rector of the Zagreb University, the most important one, Boras is an insult to the entire education system
Douglas Murray is in my humble opinion one of the best debaters one can find in the political arena.
I would put you guys as our potential best friend (if we aren't right now)
I also like the tune of the Spanish one, I wish it had lyrics because I would love to sing to it
... and so on
USA has done 25M tests in total, which is around 77k tests/1M people
We'll see, but it's not good, not at all.
That might or might not be the best for me lol
Mind you our coast is a bit different, it was more influenced by Venice, and what I see there fits more with Italy :)
Do you consider only hot spice as spice
“Is you father a glazier” when you stand infront of a TV
I would love the adf to win but even as someone who considers himself far right i see little possibility of such outcome, although you can trust very little about eu opposition news on this sub reddit as they tend to be an echo chamber due to all the strict rules
This is where our interests align my Bohemian friend
I thought you guys were joking around up to this comment :/
As in, yes there's too much government spending etc etc, but if they had their own currency (devaluing it, I think?), they'd have more breathing room when it comes to fixing their economy and similar.
Well first of all the political and especially social situation in Croatia is extremely complex
Culturally most distinct from the rest of the country, with strong Italian influences
Of course the victory in the 90s war with Serbia, and thats cool I guess
I dont think thats it .I dont wanna be that guy but hard to swallow pill for you would be that Kosovo will never be what it was again
Usually the ones showing off (with branded clothes, big houses and expensive cars) have some sort of complex
It's like saying people in a country aren't free because they have to live by the rules their democratically elected government sets.
you let people police one type of speech => you allow others to do the same on topics you don't agree with and you have eastern germany in a nutshell
usually having fun and coming in groups of 5 to 10 people
Georgia is especially impressive when you look at where they started - 100th in 2006.
South Ossetia has no Russians, but it does have Ossetians, and considering that the majority of Ossetians live in North Ossetia and are Russian citizens, they claim they're defending them.
One of the biggest fuck you is when you attempted to make Hungarian our (Croatian) official language
If you are looking for something a bit more conventional here's Atomsko [Skolinšte] and  [Parni Valjak]
/r/hailcorporate
He's not a head of state per se but is our capital's mayor and has been for 15 years
That thing is on another level
Since he has now gone international with his "art", might as well go to Poland and visit the PiS party.
And please don't say something like "all around you"
Which schocked me cause I thought they don't give a rat's a*s about any of the slavic nations
My lock wallpaper is a lovley picture of the sky I took yesterday and my home screen wallpaper is a lovley picture of the countryside just outside Zagreb
Make no mistake, considering the amount of easily seducible people and the fact that our centre-right government would want nothing more than to pander to them, expect this to go through in the next year or two.
Nowdays it looks even better because of tall trees
That would make Swedes the majority
Removekebabinator; Judgement Day
If you find a pit, there is a reasonable chance there is a mass grave inside
i don't know man, i'd rather pay more for a sturdy house so i don't have to worry about it
The kind of unions that can be proposed varies drastically though
And lived in one of the commie flats in Uherske Hradiste.
If you put someone from coastal region next to the person from northern Croatia, they would have hard time understanding each other
The borders in that shape are older than ottoman invasion
And right in the longest night time of year.
wait a minute
Meh, to complicted for me to get into it but intresting never the less
Could have put the other (nonEU) countries up there as well
He is wrong
Trebali bi se zvati kradu sve a ne HDZ
We have three distinctive regions
The only one that comes to mind is the french one and thats it
...and the wholesale extermination of the natives.
” No they will not
We will bottle his tears and sell them!
It's the kind of thing that come biting you in the ass when it starts making the rounds on talk radio and suddenly you have a very hostile business environment in the US.
On the other hand, I really love old German, Austrian and Swiss plates, with each region having their coat of arms on it
I wonder if the lunacy will ever get toned down and I end up seeing an actual leftist in the White House
Also for Split: Croatian Florida
My guess is that Montana is full of them
Yes because backward Incas(to Europeans) were the same to modern armies of HRE.
Not impressed
Yep, that is a Pictish looking male.
Bandić is the sole reason I miss death penalty
Because a lot of people are against abortion even in cases such as these, because they are retarded.
People need time, wounds caused by atrocities of war dont heal that fast
i lose my shit when i see something like that
Do you at least use electric heaters
I'd say the golden age is the present for Romania
Not wanting a federation and more centralisation.
the real fighting forces were sipahi
Example: James(Croatian) Đejms(Serbian)
Describe closest; it should probably be Bosnia, not so really
What a peaceful century awaits us.
IN this confrontation, Russians are the reasonable ones
He was Polish as well, right
they just went half-arsed thinking nobody is going to dare to do anything
it's funny that this thread has turned mostly into "what americans thought about my country that was wrong" ://
I don't think it was held against him
Not sure about other areas, aside from German cars (plus East Asia) mostly dominating their field.
I'm in a member country of the EU and I'm not pro EU, if the sub was called EU I wouldn't be here but its called Europe so I am here
If you however decide to force equality in any unequal field you will be denying more qualified candidates because they don't fir in to a specific demographic, aka one of the big reason people didn't like the concept of aristocracy, because what you're born as was more important than what you could do
Zagreb pronunciation is definitely not "perfect standard" Croatian
Also, those are all male names, women usually don't get a nickname via their surname, don't know why tho
Happy bulldog
We were dying laughing the whole evening until the winner was announced
Does anyone know someone called ganja
Yes, in first semester of first grade, maybe the entire first year depending how close to the school they live, they get escorted by parent, but then you're on your own
I'm sure people would have been saying the same today had the Cuban Missile Crisis turned the Cold War into WWIII
Remember when you thought Bush was bad
[meanwhile a bit lower mountain over Zagreb]
[Museum of Croatian Naïve art] a surprising number of tourists in Zagreb told me that they really liked it, so I always recommend it
The western borders are kinda exaggerated, this one projects a more accurate image;
well, if there are catholic priests around...
I'd say Soviets count as part of the allies just for ww2 though
Concerning the topic in question, I've never heard Croatian media referring to Middle-Easterners as Asian.
Isnt that an idependent show that rt picked up and streamed.
In the old times, they would work, mostly in Germany, but would build their family house in Yugoslavia
Zagreb accent is normally perceived as very pretentious by people who are not from there.
I wish I couldve taken a picture
And all in same neighborhood...?
Wait did Americans not have them
Almost fun fact: Monacum is Latin for Munich, while Monoecus is the Latin name of Monaco.
[Meanwhile, T-14, the first fifth generation tank on the Planet, enters mass production in 2017]
I don't know, off the top of my head it might have been smart not to hand over even more power to the very institutions that created the mess they wanted solved?
I know, I was watching and cheering for Raiven last year.
She ate all of them
For me most germans are like robots, until you come here for your vacation and go crazy
Pecs itself is on a mountain basin and has the usual Austro-Hungarian architecture with the town hall being very beautiful and the old town is self is charming with parks,squares and statues everywhere
[God I love Italy] Beautiful landscape, beautiful women, beautiful language, gorgonzola, pasta, wine...
Zoom at the holes at the middle part
:) hahah
It's very interesting and exciting actually
Of course :)
Never thought so much butthurt would result from this.
* Capital is Moscow, I think St.
That is why I'm opposed to her, Europe can't take millions od undocumented immigrants any more.
well there ARE street view data for Germany
But my grandma wants me to eat too much food, that's true
But yeah, this sucks
Entrenched economic disadvantages will likely stop many young Muslims from gaining the full benefits of modern European societies.
As i said, that's one of the main reasons i'm staying here and now, since we're in the EU more and more people are coming from abroad which i really like
My great-grandpa ended up in a concetration camp
Let's make it a century of rule, and the bureks are out
They think they're the smartest, they talk the most and interrupt others, but in reality they're pretty dumb
century)
Touching photo but you don't need to post it multiple times a month
standard: Ivan Horvat
I have no idea how and why, cause to me that was always the easiest task in the test, but it happens often
WW2 Nazi puppet and Ustaše movement
Coffee shops are open
I don't see any wrong if it's true after all they have entered the country illegaly no papers
Also, when someone comes they immediately notice the swastikas and Nazi chants written on the walls, especially near football stadiums
Greetings from Croatia
The borders send shivers down my spine
P.S. Meanwhile, Serbia asking the real questions: "How do I build a Hydralisk
I'm not an art student but I thought I'd chip in as a computing one since we got a similar thing about creating software
I guess Croatians would use the made up village name "Vukojebina" for that, which roughly translates to a place where wolves fuck
Chernosjek
yeah they are literally sub-dialects.
Hungary is like 10km from my town so we go there pretty often and Serbia is not far either if I need some new shoes
(silent pause while they’re looking at the map) Not that side, that’s Africa; the other side”.
LOL irrelevant and relevant part
Rare, but it exists
So the Croats in and around Zagreb mostly have an accent on the end of words rather than in the first part
Yeah, that's right, look at them, definitely not at me, the newest mod
Masterpiece
(It was probably not called that through it's whole history
But in the last week, no hits on such an article (within the first page of results) when searching with either "EU" or "Visa".
[Here's an example]
man, you're right
Croatia
It takes some time to learn how things work, and some things by memory because they seemingly have no rules, but I personally love it
Literally never heard the term, is it a regional thing
a) built one of the oldest European pharmacies and [orphanages] and 15
The sea and coast are magic
They only care about filling public coffers
East of the iron curtain was not a prosperous place to live in the 1980s.
>often end with -ev, -ov, -ski
I don't know if it's generally pleasing melodies, meaningful and catchy lyrics, or just hearing a beautiful harmony of a klapa, but I did a complete 180 on that subject
(We are not talking about provinces here or regions, but republics
Didn't she fall from a building or something?
Green, high mountains around you and fresh, cold air.
Deautomatization is economic suicide.
Some of the lyrics:
So the same thing as in Croatia: "životno partnerstvo".
You overestimate average european
As /u/mil_cord points out, it goes "where do you think you are between the best and worst possible life for you?" People here don't often think about Africa/Middle East aside from "death, destruction, hunger" etc, while for example Ukraine will probably spend a lot of time looking at Russia, the rest of Europe etc.
Istina, istina
Isn't that what everyone is doing on this sub?
when hand shaking the party that put his hand on top of other party palm shows dominance and is subdueing other in a way
Here's some more footage from yesterday, Velebit channel (this is where Bura is usually the strongest):
Thanks for being voice of reason
Smallest town on earth is called Hum (less then 20 population)
You're part of the dregs of English society
And Serbian is much more easier for Anglophones than Croatian
Many people in Croatia definitely have sympathies, because of that
i know the difference i just frankly think the distinction is stupid and i just don't bother w it
The jobs would be lost in ares where the British make a better or cheaper product than it's American counterpart.
And what's even sadder, all those generals, politicians etc
Also, jebes hladetinu koj kurac
Whole fucking building moving under my feet
Ne znam, ali stavljam to na watch listu
I am really glad you are prepared.
Careful that Serbs don't hear you, Vojvodina is all they have left
To whoever insults our Czech bros: be careful, we know places where not even Croatian Mountain Service can find you :)
Supermarkets, schools, streets, people's backyards, on the buildings, windows
Their thinking or my writeup
One of them is the believed story that the territory of modern day Ukraine was home of a tribe called White Croats
Russia, because I have absolutely zero interest in visiting.
And being impressed how that mighty tower is still proudly standing, after everything it has gone through
Whereas the Adriatic sea in Croatia now has -25°C...
You or me
If we really want to integrate these people.
It technically has a checkerboard, although only 4 fields.
Its not for everyone
Obviously, like everything that's millenia old, it's an estimate, so take it with a grain of salt
Beautiful
I'll be moving to Bremen in a few days and would greatly benefit from this information
You said none of them are used actually but you must be using "tura lits" if nothing else, right
But just try to picture how much of a mess he can cause on a global scale, and this insane, greedy behavior is what we all fear
Excluding that, there's nothing wrong with discussing a country other than one's own.
Imagine living with them your whole life
Since no Croatians here, let me introduce Zagreb's ~~mayor~~ lifelong dictator [Milan Bandic]
I would highly recommend you watch it, it's acutally kind of "deep".
in Croatia there is ljubomoran (jealous) and zavidan (envious) and they are used completely diferently
Borders are a geographic boundaries of political entities, no matter how those political entities are structured.
The wars of the 90's were ethnic, not religious.
Straight people
In croatian officially it is kćer but kćerka is widely used
Smaller countries, Baltic states, seem cold and depressive to me
For the clueless: Our President and our PM are from opposing political parties
In Croatia Šibenik is one of 15 major cities and a county seat.
because
Appatently it's Gornje Mrzlo Polje Mrežničko, which means Upper Cold Mrežnica Field
You gotta stop and think about shit you're doing if even the germans were appalled by your actions
The EU does a good job, first time hearing about robocalls
I admit, I have no problem saying it.
I went for the largest land masses by area, but sure, those too
Suddenly, Croatia’s population decline makes sense
There is no reason to assume that had the Archduke not been killed by a Bosnian Serb with ties to Belgrade, a war would erupt anyway
We were forced to write in cursive
Croatia
so what happens with the Irish border now
Edit: spelling
Look each hole closely
ArcelorMittal - world biggest steel producer
I beleve its only happened twice so far
Hate cruiser tourist
plenty of European countries joined him
And now Serbia is literally encircled
You two should move to saudi arabia, you'll like it there
And when you ask that, you will see that this isnt tragic but spectacular comapred to any alternative
The people who got circumcised to masturbate less are saying how someone is backward, the irony...
It seems that you're very proud of your heritage
In general it's not looked at as ups we did something wrong as much as damn then they did it to us.
Denial of global warming is also not very progressive...
i dislike any gun culture, i don't think civilians should own firearms without a proper reason, especially not carry them around
And sometimes Croats call you Psići (mean doggies but sure not derogatory) fot the same reason
No problems with a naked guy
And here Motorola turned into an eponim meaning any kind of walkie talkie or also bastardized to Voki Toki
You'll have everything your heart desires
Usually for the underdog
Sometimes when whatching british series, white people look the same stereotip is noticable for me, LOL
There are numerous reasons why we speak a second language
I believe it could mainly be an issue of government policy more so than a countries wealth, as certain less wealthy countries like Croatia heavily outperform certain top brass countries.
The political parties have been successfully infiltrating their people everywhere , that with time have become corrupt and now they all want to maintain that status quo (because they live a decent life out of public money and what they get under the table to actually do their jobs)
Holy hell, was that taken out of context or is she really that disgusting?
It would have cost me double if I choose Croatia airlines
just go irish and say t
Shame on you for there being someone you haven't invaded...
Also Italy seems to be pretty on top of testing now
a few years ago a couple of them went to scale mt.
And Zagreb is, unfortunately, still metro-less
Those silver poles around the pool, are they dangerous
[Thread here.] I'm still kinda confused in regards to "tomato sauce on mi box" - is it mafia/blood?
I would change the name for Croatia because it is not even close to the Croatian name for Croatia which is Hrvatska but I don't know if people would easily pronounce Hrvatska so I would stay with the name Croatia
Nullam nec sapien nec orci finibus auctor vulputate at quam
The same goes for the rest of the country
Other disaster is the Dubrovnik earthquake in the  16th century maybe, which as earthquakes do destroyed a bunch of stuff and killed some people
On that list I might put Ante Starčević. Although influential in developing Croatian national identity,  his writing can come of as really primitive and xenophobic
Seeing how I live in one (33000) and I'm quite fond of it, I'd say my [Vinkovci]
Islands are somewhat touristy, and in the end, Dubrovnik is way too overcrowded and needs more regulations imo
Im not sure what i would call it
Person who most of Slovenians consider as clown.
What you told me sounds like just another way to wash more money and make the supreme leader feel even more comfortable and established
In Dalmatia we do have the term "vlaj" (comes from the Vlach peoples/historical term AFAIK) that refers to people not from the coast/cites, usually from Dalmatian Hinterland
We need jump at cloning development asap.
Yes, it is
Since we have to replace our own vintage airplanes, this is interesting read as we are probably going the same path as Romania.
We have 1246 islands, isles and imlets
I thought we were friends :(
So, sin has entered the world from a woman's disobedience.
Its industrial/port town with lots of derelict and abandoned industrial sites in the centre and right by the coast
But mines are less of a problem here than say Bosnia
and nepotism, and clientelism
How else do you meet people outside school/job
We still have high influence of Mediterranean food which is one of the healthiest if not the healthiest in world
I'd say the problem here is prevention, SMOKING, and unwillingness to make lifestyle changes.
Well true but I already see it ending with us arguing there's a billion of us living around the world or smth
Education, quality of life and expensive stuff here are all nonexistent
Consonants make so much more sense than vowels, they are easier to remember.
I think we understand eachother the best
Their music works similarly to what I wrote about B&H, except it's more intense, fiery
Thatcher in the Rye
I remember that mine was crazily obsessed with Arpad Dynasty (We call them Arpadović lol), so much so that she would ask us in exams In which Croatian monastery did King Bella IV hid his royal treasures
At that point you must order army to shoot or tear-gas the crowd.
If you want, I can spell it in German: Sch-Tsch-i
In Croatia it went the **opposite** way.
I'm pretty sure on the coast we use Italian more for Briškule and Trešete
Shot 'em if we could catch 'em
Forcing such agenda has caused issues afterwards
so relax and keep this post up
Well, you can always look at Croatia and think.
There is a reason that US media market has consolidated so badly in the last 50 years.
A jury trial exists to make sure the government doesn't punish random inocent people, but there isn't any risk of that here.
Not every Uni probably
"Come on kill us already"
Do you have any examples of Serbian dialects?
My little home island of Rab would easily get outnumbered by Germans and Austrians during the summer season, you hear more German than Croatian during that period
the trick is then to clap your other hand on top of dominant hand and reverse effect
Well you're forced to write in cursive until you graduate so it makes sense that most people here keep writing in cursive
October is *listopad*(*leaf-fall*) in Croatian but in Czech *listopad* is November.
Ummmmm
Ganja means cannabis everywhere in the world
Although I am from the continent, I very strongly associate that salty air smell you get from the sea with Croatia
That, and also that the war (ended 25 years ago) and socialism and Yugoslavia (ended 30 years ago) and Tito (died 40 years ago) are to blame for everything bad that is going on today
It is terrible
It's probably Albanian dumped by smugglers on their way to Italy.
It is a reference to Sabaton's song "Winged Hussars".
Experiments cant be put into timetables, especially for PhD and postdocs who work unpaid overtimes and weekends anyway
Also clock my flair but Serbo-Croatian is also very easy to learn how to pronounce (but harder to master because of the consonant clusters)
They ended up being called Uskoci, and after a good run they were disbanded by Imperial authorities for being more trouble than they were worth (once the Emperor wished for peace with Venice)
In my university (in Scotland undergrad) the code/programs we write belong to the student not the university, although we don't really need to pay for supplies the university does supply us with some of the fancier pay for programs
Juvenile, but I can't live without calamari!
The "opposite" of the term is "bodul", someone from the islands, but I've never heard it used as an insult, almost always proudly with self-identification, except a few people who insinuated that all islanders are communists, which, uh
The mods marked the thread as "in 1994" and the comment section had a pretty fair discussion with many sources.
This might be a bit too far but in dalmatian dialetct you can almost have a conversation with only a,e,i,o,u.
Or to just keep it as before, "Pleso". Oh well
if its any consolation, hungarian is also very hard for us non-hungarians
Exactly, my city was hit by earthquake in second week of lockdown, which frightened a lot of people so many (who have weekend houses or family willing to accomodate them) simply moved for a few months, and it made amazing difference for the city (especially in regards to traffic)
We used to like them before you guys turned them into angry Turks.
Tea became popular in England not because of climate but because they had access to it through trade
Turns out you couldn't replicate the curing process in the north because you need the salty air from the Adriatic sea for it to cure properly.
10-12, I love colder weather, cant stand summer, if its above 25 its like my energy is being drained faster
> just as a portion of Croats support Gotovina
It's politics and claims are just, very weird
Thats why saying that croatia is either balkan or central european or mediterranean doesnt make any sense, because its all of those things, depending on the region
We have similar for a face but without a wind
I reckon 27 other EU countries agree to disagree
2020 - 55%
ljubomoran/jealous is for romantic relationships mostly and zavidan/envious is more general and used more often
It's a permanent state of picking a scab and yelling "See they are still hurting me
He's typical Croatian rich idiot who does whatever he wants while government steers the looks on the other side
Dunno, but it really adds to the pic
It's not as simple as that
Is omicron read oh-mi-cron or oh-mee-cron (in Croatia we use the latter)
Yeah, same here
business
Wow, just amazing
Well, western Istria was never Croatian until 1945.
But, I won't. Cause I actually like England
It is old dating from the 16th century with the old wall looking at the river
The US feral honey bees are practically extinct, and our Euro bees aren't doing well either, because of the winning combo of habitat loss, mite parasites, and pesticides.
Yes, definetly
Actually, EU army wouldn't have to cost more than what we already spend, EU is outspending Russia 3 to 1 already.
But we went with traditional flag with panslavic colours and coat of arms, which is okay i guess but it has a horrible crown element (literary made up by the first president and flag's designer) above the coat of arms, which is just tragically bad design, neither historical nor modern
The two towers' tops are gone and one tower is under scaffolidng
Different cultures seem odd to other countries, nothing new
Why is Bulgaria also there, what does it represent
But at least here they have consensus that they deny requests for striping immunity made by private individuals and grant those made by state attorney's office.
It's not that I **want** them to correct me, but I sure won't mind if they do.
You voted for him and then you voted to keep the God awful election system that let the Tories win with 37% of the vote.
Won't last too long, we're all on a highway to hell (on Earth)
Damn cool history it is
Definetly in Croatia cars are faster than trains lmao it takes around 6 and a half hours to get from the easternmost point to Zagreb and it takes 3
Snow perhaps it is or swans assembled
We need to figure out why this is happening
Reminds me of that nuke scene from Terminator 2, with Sarah's skeleton holding the fence.
First half of 1st grade you do print and then you learn cursive
That's our brat
It's just a restaurant
I don't think you can talk...oooor us,
Nunc suscipit sagittis lectus, vitae pretium mauris semper ac
Lets say the normal limit is 50ish km, everything above that is rare
Nikad nisam čula za naziv "Norijada" niti da je to parada
I went to buy cigarette paper once I was 14(for other purposes) and noone asked a thing
Suspendisse cursus libero ac pharetra malesuada
Aren't you more German, Dutch, Danish etc.?
Life is long and you might decide on having children one day, you might not
Just like Paris with la defense, you should move out any modern highrises away from historic centre (we will ignore that black tower monstrosity in paris)
more often than not, there isn;t a person present with a gun, let alone dozens.
If it hadn't been started because of this, it would have been started because of something else.
Complaining about everyone and everything; which also includes complaining about the fact that we're complaining about everyone and everything all the time.
It's also called gothic revival architecture:
*Side-note: you (accidentally, I assume) posted this comment 3 times.
There are more and more atheists, and I’d say that in my school more than half of the people are atheists, or are going to become one
As you can guess, Zagreb has all the same stereotypes as other disproportionately larger cities get (think London and Paris), coupled with specifically northern Croatian stereotypes (cold, introverted, stingy, arrogant etc), even though well over half of Zagreb isn't even originally from northern Croatia
I remember in 2008 being drunk in the middle of vienna and singing "osterreich, osterreich, alles ist vorbei" after we won that football game
Wouldn't the pineapple on pizza piss off Italians even more
[[Ode in Latin, in related videos sidebar intensifies]]
Bosnian Water is way cleaner than Any of these county's, and Croatian is drinkable
I will add that catholics upon baptism get baptismal name that is derived from the day you're born and saint or same as your godfather or godmother
>*Jet-black sinister architecture*
Same in Croatian
Actually if you look at the stockpiles of resources, geographical distribution of population, military assets, and manufacturing capabilities, you'll see that Russia will probably leave any nuclear conflict with an upper hand
I don't think it will last very long.
I'm not convinced the EU (vs the EC) has anything to do with it.
Sed eu posuere elit
Yes, you saved a lot of money and time.
So they only have one place to go, Europe.
> In Romania it is considered rude to ask your guest to take them off
Vestibulum sed lacinia felis
and in my experience, Paris is quite high in this regard, I huess because of all the tourists.
Like GTA SA
Bigger countries, Poland
I know when my sister played volleyball there and i went to pick her up she warned me that under no circumstances i was to say "porco dio" even as a joke because you italians dont porco your dio and people might get angry
I'm expecting him to be an even bigger idiot than Bush was.
For example, "least noisy housing", "most slavery" wtf?
I was an enormous baby, my mom barely gave birth to me
>We all really like that 'badass' culture, guns, weapons, etc
Looks like some traditional garments
Other people would include our first president Franjo Tuđman and the leader of the interwar Croatian Peasant Party (in the 1930s at least) - Vlatko Maček
Highways have fences
I don't think the law recognizes Middle names at all
And as for Portugese - I love the language, it's so, so beautiful
Also a mechanical pen and first solid ink fountain pen - Slavoljub Penkala
Tho the bosniaks are most likely to refer to themselves as bosnians
My dad was a huge fan and used to tell me how he used to read *In desert and wilderness* during the siege of Sarajevo when he had the time
France’s Le Pen says Putin embodies ‘new vision’ of world
in some cases it will simply be thrown out immediately
Yeah
Benis :DDDDDD
Minor nitpicking: it seems strange that he spends most of the time looking at the paper.
It's just not gonna end well, Russia's influence there is too high and the country it self has next to no allies, it's pretty much free real a state for Putin to use any excuse, even the weakest to take the country when Lukashenko completely fails to hold onto his power
dunno man
I feel like basque language would like to have a few words with you ;)
If you're not Catholic, you're not Croatian - that's the default view for most people
bro, I went to a restaurant and ordered a pizza
Basically: "I disapprove of what you say, but I will defend to the death your right to say it
I have idea, why doesn't Poland and Romania replace its government with European commission so that we see how far will that experiment go
Didn't know that, thanks for the info.
The ESA buget right now is 5.25 billion EUR, The European Union spends around €59 billion a year on farm subsidies.
And yeah, having the same currency as most of Europe is sensibly the better choice
I love how she gives them no power.
That's impressive in an out of itself
(studied German for 12 years in school, so I know)
Even with several different national backgrounds, from germany to italy and hungary to slavic names
America - for better or for worse - has fighting in its DNA.
I know that he is trolling around I already looked through his comment history.
You abused the memory of the victims of vukovar and jasenovac for a little bit shitposting.
Food is more important than space, and you're still under assumption that we should be paying this.
But we do have a tradion at the end of the 4th year (12th grade) where students who graduated high school take part in a huge graduation parade and party, called "Norijada". The parade has caused controversies over the past few years because incidents such as causing fires, getting arrested, vadalising properties etc
In developed countries, they are looking for things to sell for the most part
You care deeply about your family, and you want to improve your connection with your relatives still living in the  motherland
I think we now have about 27% in renewables and basically we have fulfilled already next stage, unless they put us higher goal like for Sweden.
Improved by reading, watching movies, reddit and videogames
\-ić is actually not that common for diminutives (the only one i can think of is cvjetić), it's more common fro surnames
To build more, it's easier to go to the outskirts and do as you wish (like they did at paris, madrid or moscow), rather thsn cram huge buildings into streets that cant fit or support them
It may be true in general terms but Vukovar and its surroundings before the agression was one of the most developed and rich parts of the entire former Yugoslavia.
Though even today there is the question of Kosovo
Morbi lectus dolor, luctus vel turpis ut, fringilla mollis elit
It wasn’t. It was communist country 45 years old, under one-party system made by unification of nations which became federal republics
Croatian Disney Princess is the daughter of a war veteran (likely a fake one) turned politician, has access to everything for free, her companion is a marten, and her magical power is making the tax payers' money disappear
I'd feel very cool saying "Idem po vasaru"
But he was able to work small jobs while in an Italian prison, and sent money home.
I'm talking about the beginning of the war, meaning 91/92.
It's like germany saying the dumbest thing is joining in with the austro hungary on the war because if it werent for world war 1 hitler would never rose to power
3 earthquake minutes ago, Zagreb cathedral seriously damaged
but i'm guessing the tornados which completely destroy houses aren't that common otherwise people wouldn't live there
Betray an ""ally"" is a better idea than fight whit them ?
The whole flag is ugly but it is also revered
It's totally normal for us Dalmatians to say "reka" tho and nobody cares
**ARTICLE I.**
an exaggeration at best, and Jelačić was just a reactionary monarchist who also helped crush the revolutionary movement in Vienna and install the neo-absolutist government later on
Kosovo albanians
What
I have a cousin in 9th and an uncle in 19th, the latter one looks pretty cool for living
it's not like I was surprised by your president
I will go "Nocturno" by Oliver Dragojevic, a really dear song to me, its really sad too
If my uncle called me a "sinovac" I would get really irritated
Her case is complicated - she could (and did) find a job here, but her fiance doesn't have college education, so his pickings here are pretty slim, and also a lot of it is related to the paycheck (why work for way less money if you don't have to?).
Cringe title
Wtf
But you don't have to pay child support forever
Even though they somehow morphed into a quasi symbol of US style capitalism, they're a restaurant
This guy is right
Not sure if this was posted in the comments, but [this] made me feel ashamed of coming from a country that allowed her to represent us in the EU parliament
>But also no vote
So our situation is a bit complicated.
True, but progressive agenda simply can't be passed under iron fist dictatorship either.
There are good arguments against dividends in some cases
Depends from the situation
I mean some countries are really diverse
The notorious [Museum of Broken Relationships] in Zagreb
- Ban Josip Jelačić (leader of the revolution against the Hungarians in the 19th century)
Almost 7 % of population was killed either in battles with nazis or in prisons.
Zagreb is also close to the border
You really think you'll get affected by a short wiff of someone's cigarette
I don't know exactly why but he really hates Serbia for some reason.
" "Must suck to be from a third world country, you must be so poor here"
• to - that
sexy
Considering how many drivers use Google maps and Waze for turn-by-turn navigation, can it be considered "manipulating human behavior using AI" if it tries to decongest the traffic by rerouting a large amount of people
Some people don't like where the western civilization is headed.
nah, if anything it's universal I'd dare to say across europe
Hungary to detain all migrants in border camps, despite UN warnings of 'terrible physical and psychological impact'
You can argue that it could have been spent differently, fine, but it's not wasted.
Aorist and imperfect are alive in Croatian only when you have to learn their conjugation for an exam.
unless it is a satirical "news"
Deutschland 83 but the Yugoslav secret service sends someone to spy on our political emigrés.
Tank: "No I am foliage"
Police/secret service will never be capable of stopping every attack.
Its not something that will happen in 20 years but in 200 we will ask our self where did all that people go since then we will have like 200m of Germans, Italians and french and Spanish but no Estonians or Slovakians
You can fault them for a lot of things, but opening up locations in places where people could realllly use some comfort food is absolutely not one of them
at the time I was working in the middle east for a major IT corporation from the USA, 90%+ of employees that were muslims were actually supportive and/or with the what did they expect (approving tone) attitude for those killings
They should've translated  it
it's ok, we can all have different opinions on the matter
Over here, of those that I met, some are cool people.
It was not only reserved for services but also existed in production
I've heard a russian youtuber (NFKRZ) call the Russian constitution the greatest work of fiction ever written
Like, ever :D
Ukrainian and Estonian is a race
I agree with the party places, don't see the appeal at all
I once watched a documentary on some apes and I saw them snapping banana in half.
You sure this is accurate
The first gulf war gutted them, and the inter bellum rotted them to the core.
We also had a game that we called "prćenje", which is a rude word for "leaning over". We'd line up, and kick the crossbar of a goal with the ball
Those rebels, Chetniks, exercised similiarly brutal reprisals on Croatian population (even though in that area Croats were mostly anti-Axis) so Italian support for them didn't exactly come from the goodness of their hearts
After all, I'm sure Europe could do without cutting edge cancer treatment if it meant Africa got basic health services
Whether you see it or not, Croatia is your brotherly nation
just look at navies, so many frigate / destroyer types across a few nation instead of building more ships of same class.
Racism, sexism, ageism and all that good stuff is perfectly acceptable as long as you aim it at right *kind* of people
the first meme I saw said something about building a guillotine and I thought it was a joke, but this is turning out to be the 2nd French Revolution
You are statistically likely to be greatly behind in the understanding of the sex missing in your household as one of the parents, which is important for the overall success in life
You get all the content in plain text if you don't agree to the terms
Take Alaska, Hawaii, Rocky mountain, central plains, Appalachian mountains, cold nort east, wild north western nature, deserts, aligators and swamps on the south
Imagine if we named it Nikola Tesla just to piss off the Serbs
All the regional dialects here have been summed up in 3 major dialects: Štokavian, Kajkavian and Čakavian.
Perhaps it's because he believes, rightly or wrongly, that this sub has a pro-Scotland and anti-England bias, which is ridiculous
Mediterraneans dont like to work....
Finally someone realistic
It's different in Serbia and Croatia because we are heretics and have ''burek'' with anything.
Edit: spelling
We had overcast and rainy weather for weeks now
I advise anyone interested to read up on the Portugese naval pwnage in the Indian Ocean.
It isn't luckily, other people are doing it m, better than europeans!
A ceasefire was declared a few weeks later
Donald Tusk looks good with that beard.
The last one is chakavian and only spoken in Istria, islands and some of continental Croatia
Oh, those are just scribbles on walls.
The "Purger" accent has really bad intonation as opposed to standard Croatian
You can call it a refugee crisis, I'm just saying you shouldn't because even though they may fit a legal definition of a refugee, it doesn't fit the meaning behind the word.
Warm - 22-30
How do they make sure the same guy isn't comming in twice a month with a new name every time?
Kingdom was established in 925 by our first king Tomislav
In Croatia, nationalists are obsessed with Franjo Tuđman, while most left-oriented old people idolize Josip Broz Tito
Yes, and they sound like they were written by lobbyists because I don't think they actually believe them
There are always old people who never been to the sea, even in countries that have access to the sea
Quite cold, rainy, cloudy
I think its same in all of europe
I know about that statue, they think it's completely normal lol.
A lot of people have seen the movie, as well.
Also, the accent from Zagorje is often used with village folk/hillbilly types of characters, like Tow Matter from Cars
Pumped up kicks
Backwards
Also I feel companies would (justifiably
Just like Germans, most Croats will gladly wait for you at the finish line and speak to your in their mother tongue once you become very proficient, but won't want to help you get there 'cause they'd rather use you to improve their English
Same here
Platforms that host content often take most of the commercial spoils while artists get little
Also, very popular topics are deciding who should and who shouldn't play in a national football team, various local sexual affairs and getting services from various people
after visiting both spain and france I was so hungry that  I ordered half a chicken and pasta on some highway bistro, payed like 21€ but was so happy
You are partially free now congratulations on brexit now if Scotland could be independent you would be 100% free
what
I was very fortunate and agile so he hasn't carried out the act until the end but it is still extremelly traumatising
That's some advanced encryption, although it seems that it malfunctioned right at the and.
Croatia doesn't need military planes
Muslims date everything from that event, usually considered to correspond to September 20th, 622 in the Gregorian calendar.
so true
we dont have African or Asian descent people here though (very small percentage) and you will not see that kind diversity even in the capital
US greenlit JNA's attempt to keep Yugoslavia together.
"We need to first agree facts are a thing"
sta znaci vo
you know denmark, this means war
[2% would be low hanging fruit]
Ether it works and their nukes were useless anyway or more likely, it doesn't work and now whatever is left of you get's to beg for mercy.
One Croatian PM was born in a Nazi concentration camp
And then again ^^^literal ^^^nazis ^^^that ^^^time, ^^^but ^^^bros ^^^still
I don't know any answer besides Zagreb either, Varaždin would be a contender maybe but I haven't been there yet
You don't have a name on your paper but a number so everything is fair and the teacher that corrects it (always from a different school) doesn't know who you are
A Greek baby is dipped in olive oil and can now forever cook or grow magnificent food forever
UKs ia definately not civilaised but croatian isn't much better
Sure, just like Hitler, Chamberlain and Daladie.
The rebel forces were winning until Russia intervened with their airpower.
or would end up dead
It's not so much "giving people free stuff", as it is "dangling the carrot juuuust out of reach".
Of course the Soviet occupation was terrible for Poland socially and economically
So yes, the borders did not matter in that sense.
Serious Sam - classic 90s FPS, a lot of sequels
Jebate pa di to izlaze da ih ne vidim?
There is more people on the European side of Turkey than some European countries have population in total.
Whatever good is created has to be greater than those negatives in order to be justified and I dont see much extra value being produced by multiculturalism of the kind we see in UK, France, Belgium
You misspelled "TV shows in general"
we literally call toothpaste "kalodont" after a brand that was widespread during yugo times
Dave we need more Trump Bashing articles per minute, Dig something up!
not likely but they might have the same roots, ogledalo comes from the verb gledati (look) which comes from russian gljadét
So, maybe combining a bunch of shit air forces together with actual funding we could maybe create one that's not complete garbage :v
which simply isnt correct
Who's gonna be Napoleon 2
iirc Yugoslavia basically borrowed money until its economy imploded?
And a flight of swans would have departed
Pretentious nerds: (eagerly awaiting to blurt out Fenno-Scandia)
No, Serbia and Croatia just can't go together.
Both were genocidal maniacs supporded by the Croats.
Same, mine made one of the first shipyards in Croatia in the 18th century, so I'd probably be a sailor which isnt too far off what I am doing now
I personally didn't watch it today but I love the tradition
Hungary is buying guns and they probably want a coastline
You sit down in a restaurant and comment with your friends about how you're holding in a monster fart, when the waiter asks you "what will you drink" in a perfect Herzegovinian dialect
Now something from (central) Africa, that gets massively distorted by map projections is something else entirely
There are also other interesting characteristics in the Croatian language, but this was the first one to come to my mind
So if Russia captures Latvia tomorrow, Latvians become "native to Russian Federation"?
Pretty please
Holandija is utter heresy
My grandfather and all of his brothers served in WW2 but most of them didn’t see combat
The cost of life would be better
What happens to younger sons
Rijeka
It does, but we all know what disaster that would be
Haha, no, the blunt impact most likely just took the wind out of them.
When i voted to enter the EU, i voted for a trade union, not a federal state!
Better criminalize everything else
It is something different compared to traditional museums
[Darling can't you hear me SOS]
Continental part: ham, cheese, tomatoes, salad, mayo.
Stay safe
Good riddance
>The Republic of Croatia is a unitary and indivisible democratic and social state
OK, I agree there
Did they solve the border triple problem
AFAIK it used to be the Jews, but then WWII happened and, well.
Look at Japan, for example, and their immigrant policy.
I tried to spell it in English
Did you know that at one point he lived in the same city as Trotsky, Tito, Freud and Stalin.
Netherlands has the biggest gas field in Europe, a gas field which could put a dent in Russian profits, but they're shutting it down due to environmental concerns and earthquakes
The meaning is basically the same as "party pooper"
At least they are not bad
Zagreb - only a thousand years, practically a baby
Nam ullamcorper tellus in risus aliquam, ac ullamcorper arcu lobortis
Every single person in these pictures is Croatian, but yet again each one has its own distinctive facial features
TIL that Rusyn =\= Russian, thanks I always thought otherwise
Where are these types of Germans, because working in IT for an American company that has subsidiaries all over the world the only other language used in company wide emails and documents is German
Well, I still have a looong way
This is actually very interesting as we in Croatia when we were studying history we were told that Oliver Cromwell was actually a good figure because he brought back parliamentary monarchism and stopped the absolute monarch Charles I. This might be due to the fact that we learn a very small part of English history
Whats the story behind the printer/handcuffs
The scaffolding is so iconic now, I think it would actually be weird to see it without it
“O liepa, o draga, o slatka slobodo,
Technically a prince consort as it seems
And after WW1 it had just been Serbia,in Yugoslavia Serbs were dominant and it always bothered us Croats which resulted in Homeland war in the 90s.
Btw good job, it’s amazing
Even i, young man from Croatia kbow for event since i was 9
Sorry mate, I see no logical causality in what you are saying
At least that's what happens in Croatia.
Then the crime which happens down south (which is the place i'd like to live in italy), constant murders and shit
Because the right side was built with different kind of stone and is always falling apart, and instead of taking the whole tower down and start anew, the church likes to leech off the money needed for 'renovation' for 50 years now
Belišće Slavonia :D
Ah, my mistake, I have the attention span of a fruit fly
That being saidy the entire iPhone vs Android thing is so childish and ridiculous
Sure, there were plenty of warmongers in all european countries at the time, but the alliance system wasn’t as entrenched or unchanging as we seem to think today (likely influenced by bloc politics of the Cold War), and the warmongers had many, many opponents in government in all countries as well
This is super fascinating, I'm dying to see what else can you come up with
) Also, everything is political
Most of the coast is very touristy, with addition of Plitvice Lakes
But still we make only like 15 days worth of energy in a year.
Well, considering you are like *one Slovenia* larger in size, you have much more forest ;)
But not if im home
I'll go with Poland
Who is they
Mosul will not fall until spring of 2017, even if that.
It is indeed a pity that the organisation seems to be fading away, at least in my area, since it holds a great deal of awesome childhood memories
Used to be common here in 80s/90s, started dissapearing afterwards, except the Niva, I still see those and I don't even live in a rural area
That place just had a feel of emptiness and it didn't even feel like a german city
But I guess KFC is still bigger here than other US fast food chains - Burger King has 5 restaurants, Subway has 2, Domino's has only 1
women were outside of the church and only men were allowed inside...
same goes for other parts of the city
The act is so over-the-top you can't help but like it, just for the sheer silliness of it
Huh, didn't even think to check his post history.
Please, the next time give the photo more meaningful title
We're actually a surprisingly safe region, Croatia and Slovenia being among the safest countries in the EU
Like look at me, i made it
In ultrices rutrum nisi eget iaculis
In this sub it would be nice if we all know all countries, right
As for getting married and double standards, greatly depends on the family
The casualties of the whole campaign equating to individual weeks of individual battles.
Netherlands has the biggest gas field in Europe, a gas field which could put a dent in Russian profits, but they're shutting it down due to environmental concerns and earthquakes
Try cycling in the Mediterranean or Balkan cities
2Cellos
Also maybe Australia, I heard they have a bit of a climate change deniers infestation going on.
i=and
Croatian borders kinda look like a bird stretching it's wings and I love it
Football > Life
Nullam lacinia dolor ut sapien maximus, cursus euismod diam mattis
I only found about this "controversy" when I started using the internet.
I still don't get how Australians ruled over such a huge chunk of Europe in 19th century
A lot of those posts are from people coming from developed countries to the USA.
Domovinski pokret - far right, assembled around famous folk singer, mostly famous for their anti-communist, anti-Serbian, anti-gay rhetoric
War is kind of a tradition in Europe to be honest..
If person A wants to harm anyone he sees becouse hes mentaly ill still atempted murder.
and its not just alcohol, everything goes
The same goes for the rest of the country
Heh
- How the hell is that "rebalancing the genders" lol?
It is essential
[Tamo Daleko, (Far, far away)] - Very emotional, detailing the nostalgia for their occupied fatherland of the Serbian army-in-exile on Corfu
A bit amusing, is how people here are not fond of someone reminding them.
So it's not really an incentive to leave home and go on a risky journey.
How on Earth did you not make meme reference to Asterix & Obelix out of the second picture
By God, I wanted to gauge out both my eyes and go van Gogh on both of my ears
Because we say it like that in croatia as well
Meanwhile, UK is trying to become new Norway/Switzerland
Arenas like one in Pula, palaces like Diocletian's in Split
one is 3:30, the other is 2:30
We were the seperate kingdom, but under the same crown since 1097, joined at the hip for 800 years
Though sometimes youll see just a regular space used
I have no idea how and when people do administrative stuff without needing to miss work
There are three of them on Dugi otok island that I know
Lul trying to summarize ex-yu's cursing in 1 word
Republika Srpska (East Bosnia) is close to secession.
croatia and serbia- name a more iconic duo
Well it did become a Belgian colony later but Belgian government annexed it specifically to end Leopold's atrocities, Belgium didn't do shit
Mark's Square, THANK YOU Venice!
This is incorrect for Croatian.
¿Porque no los dos
Both are children's book movie adaptations but they're both very good
I feel like almost everyone here rides only mountain bikes
It's a mandatory subject throughout the last 4 years of primary school
We also say monkey or "at"
Because here in the Balkans we are mostly against things based on how they look or how we're supposed to react to them, as you already know
What does it mean
"Rat" means war in Croatian, but in local dialect it has different meaning
I'm confused, is frisbee how they call a boomerang in England?
It's never ever meant as just an innocent statement
The previous capital was Varaždin
The only true good man to enter Romanian politics was Alexandru Ioan-Cuza
We did this to the forces of nature, ascribing storms to vengeful God's and we do this to animals, seeing a Dolphins mouth in a position resembling a smile and concluding that it means they're happy even when they're in pain.
it's for the light during the 6-month winter :)
So I guess Croatians coming to Italy like to flex their knowledge of Italian which actually just constitutes of all the Italian loanwords in Dalmatian dialect
Until many years from now when kosovo starts the proccess of joining the union themselves
&#x200B;
You can tell the difference by buying the same product in a local food chain store and then go and buy the same product in Muller shop.
Yes
Well, if you give it to Hungary, without giving them Slovakia as well, it would look like some weird growth on the map.
Fairness doesn't even enter the calculation
That man has no purpose for society
I'd go for less than 5% as I can't remember when I last saw a woman sunbathe topless
I disagree with you
Commander: "Tank you are a machine of colossal destruction"
What’s the fuzz about
But you equating cigarettes with heroin is the same as equating them with water, fucking ridiculous
Can we make this the new first/second/third world division
Those EU bureaucrats have no connection to reality...
There are hundreds of animal based pejoratives you can use that actually fit, but calling us sheep, that's projection.
GB invested (or at least planned to invest) a load of money into refugee camps in Lebanon.
Also the coastline isn't the only part of Croatia if you want better food and wine Slavonia is the way to go
I cannot understand a word of Romanian as well.
Very controversial, you are either the biggest fan or you hate them
I mean there were exceptions, but the vanguard majority were forcibly taken from their homes as part of the devširme or blood tax.
I could go on a lot, there are lots of theoretical benefits, but so far most of them have only truly been exploited by Europe’s wealthiest and most developed nations - I have strong doubts about how useful the introduction of such a model would be in comparatively poorer, more corruption-prone and democratically weaker countries
• brat - brother
I heard they gained some limited political presence
Kebab dude
It needs a yellow inbetween
Who votes for him
Islands are somewhat touristy, and in the end, Dubrovnik is way too overcrowded and needs more regulations imo
Also more police, more security all the way down to the cashier at Aldi or Rewe.
I'm feeling so rich
the further the better, of course
Better that the system has to be halted than if someone was to be hurt.
Oh yeah, I forgot about Orban
Well, most houses are built with reinforced concrete in various parts of the house for structural safety as a measure against earthquakes, and well we don't have tornadoes or hurricanes and etc
Ukraine is beautiful as well, you guys have everything (even a desert if I’m not mistaken)
The people exercise this power through the election of *the same two political parties since the countries establishment*
You gotta make it crystal clear that it's a joke or people will be jumping down your throat until the end of time
"): anytime when there was a European or World cup in football all the boys would collect stickers
Besides supermarkets are self service stores
it was never fully part of Croatia, they have noticable Italian minority and also a large percent of population from less developed ex-Yu countries
We would never be able to create federalism along the lines of US.
I refuse to see anything wrong.
We have the world’s smallest town
I know, even if you've never seen it before you still get nostalgic when you watch it.
My brother remained Catholic for the sole purpose of getting married in a fancy church by a guy in a fancy outfit and a fancy hat, instead of some boring place by some boring clerk.
Only time I did was World Cup 2018
It's very ingrained in the culture and few bat an eye to it.
Many people left Zagreb since this morning so there is a possibility for spreading corona even more
Props on getting your citizenship
It was 90 degrees outside and literally like 79 or 80 in the office.
Germans are probably one of the most well-liked and respected people here
P.S. Meanwhile, Serbia asking the real questions: "How do I build a Hydralisk
"Tiha voda brege dere", hurr durr.)
So, technically, they only need a 2/3 majority in the parliament to return to the throne.
Definetly
Also they don't speak any foreign languages
Last time just before then pandemic in December of 2019
Parachute - 1617, Faust Vrancic, so early 17th c.
Croatian and bosnian
Pretty sure it made the queen immortal
If it's someone from the other parts of the country, then I try to speak/write in standard Croatian.
What are you on about
Also, public toilets
Every time Putin interferes in a neighbouring country it distances his other allies.
he was an american
Either way, this was not the cause of war.
Vestibulum consequat cursus semper
The independence gained in 2008 is a direct causation of that war.
Damn, they must have brass balls to dare to be so upfront.
Fokus/Pametno - also new party, liberals
It's not their most common search, they just search that thing more than any other country
Sure, every local tourist was in split once i guess but local tourist prefer smaller and quiet places
, whatever you do, you can't run away from this
I'm not ceding B*lgium an inch
As a Croatian I envy you so much about this
Prior to Berwick, it follows the river but then diverts from that path
And if you had actually read both what you linked and Article 265 of TFEU you would see that this is exactly it.
Otherwise I like Portugal, Romania, Sweden, Iceland and Wyoming
It think the truth is somewhere in the middle.
The subject and predicate can go wherever in the sentence and the meaning will not be lost
To be this abusive towards me for talking about what I think
And in 1918-19 it was an all-round chaos that had elements of civil war(s) as well, and Latvians at least were over-represented among the Bolshevik forces.
- where are you from
Oh, I was not referring to his second sentence.
France beats Croatia once again :(
Dubrovnik and the oldtown of Split (Diocletians palace)
Vivamus ut facilisis sapien
Slavonia: The poorest and easternmost region of Croatia.
So be it
The biggest setback we had was the wars in the 90's. Even if we didn't want to be in a state together, we could have peacefully split apart
Nice to meet you, I've never read 'To Kill a Mockingbird'
And of course, names in other alphabets are transcribed
Also not many people (even from croatia) know about it
Also [Serbian newspapers reported] after their national team biggest defeat in Lviv, that there was an Ukrainian-Croatian brotherhood march prior to the match through the streets of the city
Aparently, most Slavs and some Baltic people have a similar tradition
And who decides those rules if not EU states?
I guess they'd mind if you joined NATO, right
There is a theory that Britain killed more than billion people in India with capitalism
>What if we just want to be happy enjoying our marriage to each other
I thought you would pick Willem's portrait  or smt
Can people really be so blind to our reality?
Church has hold over many things in Croatia, heck, they are even exempt from determined dates of relaxing the coronavirus measures, state is powerlees against them, many priests have been conducting masses despite the ban, and when police and journalists showed up they were attacked and hurt both by people and the priest
I would put you guys as our potential best friend (if we aren't right now)
Zagreb because it is the capital and hogs most of the media so we always joke about them
i would love to rad that story, in english if possible
Apparently his voters were fighting against "the system of elites" that exploits them - makes them poor while the rich ones get richer.
I have actualy.met people from Macedonia..They in fact do lpve Serbia.
No problem, I also remember Jan III
Croatian nouns have grammatical gender, a feature modern English does not utilize anymore - that's why 'he' only refers to men.
Unfortunately not anymore
It was artificial anyway
This includes holocaust, combatants, civilian casualties, post war emigration of mostly Germans and Italians, and Communist revenge.
Half a man, half a hammer, but boy can he sing.
In ultrices rutrum nisi eget iaculis
And now these fuckers are reverting it :(
I didn't follow the debates and programs that talked about the Euro replacing the Kuna
>Forgot to add, these are all normally said in a very slurred manner, like the rest of our language, unless you're in Croatian class lol
Pipl mast trast as
> Croatian journalists who investigate corruption, organised crime or war crimes are often subjected to harassment campaigns
Vatican: the progressive capital of Europe
Are there any specific places where people congegrate
Italian authorities called him a problem inmate who had to be transferred to six different Sicilian prisons for bullying other prisoners and trying to spark rebellions.
These things do not happen in a single day.
Is the femboy rod up
Just to name few:
Tbh i have met a lot of italians and they rarely speak english
Montenegro is using Euro and on joining EU
I'm betting on aliens next
What if in few generations what we now consider as English becomes Irish ?
1 million Euros on [the new cable car] making it one of the most expensive in the world, even more than the luxury Zermatt cable cars with Swarovski jewel decorations
At this point, it's the most important matter of the century
I feel like it's mainly serbian criminal culture, it goes hand in hand with serbian turbo folk
than glass or two wine mixed with water
Otherwise it is closed after 10 I think, so it wouldn't get vandalized at night
Lol of all countries
It is nice to hear that but will the borders stay open after Brexit ?
Absolutely amazing if you used up all of your full speed 4g.
Europe should realign with China if these idiots try to break up the EU.
Bah, the last that I remember of seeing that nut was the latest presidential race, where he got something like 5-6% in the first round, *behind the eternal student who believes in conspiracy crackpot theories*.
I say that the law is on Breivik's side because I don't see his sentence as something that punishes him
Not really
I hate equally Pavelic and [Borna, Duke of Dalamtia
I love you too
You guys keep you windows wide open on a hot summer's day
It was a bit controversial since it could be interpreted in funny ways, but it was rather hilarious before controversial.
Huh oh boy, we suck up to turkey everytime we can, along with that we also suck up to israel and usavall the time also and all decisions they make we support, and lately we are starting to suck up to china
Version of my surname with just -ev is common in Baltics/Poland/Belarus, while -ević is found only here
It is true what you are saying but some Serbs migrated to Croatia from the fear of the Bulgars too
I'm not sure
Don't forget that commissars shoot any retreating soldier
I can write in Bosnian
Ulm wc when
Our education sucks but at least our houses dont make sounds
Is this actually called marriage or "partnership", "union" etc.?
try pronouncing it as bruhzil
The idea that things like wealth are a product of a superior culture are little more than wishful thinking as it allows us to imagine that we could never be poor as it is in our nature to be rich and successful
Honestly, would you consider some Kajkavac in Zagreb or Čakavac in Zadar not to be speaking Croatian?
In your mind they both make decisions and are oppressed by the decisions they make.
Naples or 90's St
Quite interesting, for me Ukrainian often sounds somehow artsy
Personally I love real-socialist architecture.
They have completely different formations in the mouth (does your tongue go up or down
It's fine in small doses, but some Dalmatians drag out words so much that you start wondering if they are having a stroke.
Make a lovley Manx couple :D
If Europe really goes to 2% and dumps NATO that's not in American interest.
Those European refugees returned to Europe after the war was over or went to live elsewhere and lived exclusively in camps while there.
It's a complicated issue around here for many reasons.
Why
Non-geographically, we shouldn't be discussing Europe, because Europe IS a geographical concept
' I need to trryy thatt
Aw crap
Propaganda starts wars, i am the first generation of my family in 150 years that hasn't been in a war in his own country.
Yeah, because that makes a fucking ton of sense...
Paid professional army wins wars.
I believe that the Boer Wars which is what they're taliking about was the first ever usage of concentration camps
Roman empire ( including later Byzantium ), we even had a few emperors from Croatia
It probably tastes ok, but looks like shite
>I think more people died in those years then in ww2
I get you, but most of you are rich enough to travel and enjoy other countries and their nature
Čekič. Check-itch
Also if its foreign the mighty Ćevapi
The government has not stopped meddling in the affairs of public TV broadcaster HRT, and HRT’s management continues to sue employees who have complained about this problem, and has gone so far as to bring a complaint against the Association of Croatian Journalists
the Slovenes are just the Austrian which were too lazy to learn German.
Later we got into a personal union and got fucked by Hungary, mostly later on though
"i" means "and", "nj" (nj is one letter) means "(for) her", "o" means "about" and in some cases can mean "by", "u" means "in", "k" means "to" and we also have "a" which is a form of "and" and my dialect also has "z" which means "from"
I'm quite sure that citizens of Dubrovnik are in a way relieved that nobody is coming this summer
Mmh, it could be explained away by comparing it to UK.
The Croatian Peasant and Citizen Guard - a HSS paramilitary organization - formed the backbone of Ustaša rule in the first few weeks after the occupation
thay may be, but we still studied Pearl Harbor and the battles of midway, okinawa, and the role of Japan and the US in the war.
Good as fuck
Allegedly it is data gathered from the The German Federal Criminal Office, but I have never seen anyone actually confirm that, and since I do not speak German, I never did try to find out myself.
but we are all global citizens
I'd say one of the poems ( Slap, Oblak, Voćka poslije kiše) by Dobriša Cesarić.
Let's go yurop
Serbs in Cro were just minority
Who cares if a move ends up being catastrophic in the long run, it's making money now
But yeah, that makes sense
Not necessarily unknown but interesting nevertheless
Yeah man i wish it stayed warm
It works the other way too - if I get a call from a colleague while on day off or vacation, I expect it will be something serious enough to warrant a call, so I mentally prepare for the shitstorm and answer
shit man, i swear to god that's the first city i captured from Tamar yesterday evening
>Here's the general consensus, most would like to join the EU AND keep good relations with Russia
This was from Croatian war for independence
Hebrew, (European) Spanish and for some weird reason, Latvian
Not allowing Croats to come to Swiss like other EU citizens.
The song is exclusively about the battle of Vienna, where they did break the Ottomans.
Main area has maybe a square kilometre and probably around 50k people at every second
We’re the worst
Sheep get slaughtered and you don't last 50 years in a totalitarian state by being sheeplike.
Or maybe its all the oil in norway's case
bus went at 06:15 and 12:15, I had to wake up early when I was 1st shift at lest I was liked here and none beated me up I loved high school wish I could go back
[Our president is too annoying for Juncker]
Nervatska
I've only once met an extreme supporter of gay rights who wasn't emotionally unstable
We "lead love", "voditi ljubav".
I have a couple of friends from subtropical/tropical countries and my envy is immeasurable
Also I think the shield should look more like a shield and less like a pineapple
As in Croatian
Then there's the politics, they voted for berlusconi for years and years
8€. (soup, main meal, salad, desert)
There are few private radio stations which broadcast only Croatian music.
My town in Croatia turned from successful industrial one into the darkness-after-7-in-the-evening town
Stvar je u tome što je kod ospica problem što postoji komplikacija zvana subakutni sklerozirajući panencefalitis (SSPE) koji se javlja oko 20te godine i smrtonosan je.
Almost from one end of the city to the other there are bike paths and lanes, and also the Kopacki rit nature park is accessible by bike and really not that far away (approx 20 km).
What great working conditions
Most often localised names are used, sometimes are not
Bosniaks are Muslims from bosnia (they make up like 45% of the population) so that's what differanciates them from bosnian croats/-serbs
Split is an old Roman palace with ancient buildings so it's not really comparable.
Kind of exotic but familiar at the same time
That's what happens when you have an old, preserved city which was once a powerful city-state
Also, we have some dialects that are more difficult to understand than for example standard Slovenian
Stabile status quo or do you expect some infighting, bickering
Next up : Turkey and Taijikistan
The US government sent grain shipments to the USSR simply because it was the right thing to do (and it was a propaganda win) so I genuinely don't see the issue here
Wars in Iraq and Syria weren't about the American oil, for example Iraqi war, 2/3 trillion were spent on it, US could've increased it's oil production for 1/5th of that price
I wish we had some laid back politicians like this
I'm out of the loop lately
Can anyone explain to me how San Marino retained independence
Remove the barriers
US, UN, and germany all gave their respective donations in bombings
Meanwhile, that sanctimonious bitch had a shotgun wedding because she got knocked up
Theoretically they could gain a lot, but I doubt any modern republic could become a monarchy again
I believe that I expressed myself a bit wrong
At first I just saw "Czech journalist" and "-15 degrees C" and thought, "oh god, another one went to the Tatras in flip-flops
WTF, *another* one just hit
Well we in Croatia always great Ukranians with specialty since you come and work here and we immigrated from west Ukraine /south Poland and the White Croats(ones who didn't migrate and stayed) are now assimilated in Ukranian culture
Also older men drink more wine, maybe beer and women hard liquor, (in secret)
I dont think you faced any sanctions or apologizing.
Only the northeastern Prekmurje region, I believe, and that's really small
Please, tell me more about what happened here
The "izviđači" were much much more popular during Yugoslavia and a day rarely goes by without my dear mother telling me how awesome it was
They are used to early detonate RPGs and other HEAT munitions
When I say, used poppy, I mean, they made heroin and drugged their children
Neće grom u koprive
Ive heard that our anthem is one of the most peaceful ones
4 is unusual but ok so if you make a mistake and go for the third you better pretend like you wanted to make it 4
His pointing finger(index
Also I'm not very knowledgeable about poetry so please take this with a grain of salt
South Slavs are different than West/East Slavs.
In my area we often say it (Primorsko goranska)
The historical name for the region is Asia Minor after all.
**Ç** is actually growing on me.
I simply can't explain that in even a few paragraphs
As I said, that song is just a friggin word salad
Americans were for unity of Yugoslavia in 1990.
So I should believe this guy over other eye-witnesses because he's in a band?
They had some 380k casualties to finlands 70k
Phasellus dignissim nunc ut lacinia placerat
Head, Shoulders, Knees and Toes
Hmm, yours are kinda similar to ours
I mean Serbian, Croatian and Bosnian are the same,so not much
Stagnating so much that we are getting outgrown by everyone hurts for us.
A while back I read something about 2016 being twice as good as drawing them out when compared to 2015 (or it might have been 2014 and 2015, but I think it's more recent than that).
According to Luke and Matthew, who made the story up.
Perhaps, if they were treated better by the UK they wouldn't have had the political environment that generated a movement towards neutrality
The border between Croatia-Dalmatia and Bosnia was officially established nearly **two centuries ago**.
Civilization isn't on the brink of collapse because a few million immigrants for fuck sake.
Newer models could be occasionally spotted, but not nearly as often
Do correct me if I'm wrong
I dont know if i'd be able to eat all that stuff for lunch, let alone breakfast
As shown in the other post, you are the only one ignorant.
Eh, there are over 1.2 billion Indians, we could move like 20 million of them here and we would barely notice.
Now it's time to vote out the scum that supported it
Rails = economy
From a medical viewpoint, it's much better to smoke weed than do cocaine.
I would say rusyn
That's already a thing and it's called metro.
What
Yugoslav companies worked in may non-aligned countries of Africa and Asia earning hard currency and thus making that type of socialism possible
I know that surgeons most of the times are not allowed to have a beard
You just blew my mind
Commonly: just Austro-Ugarska (Austria-Hungary)
A whole canyon inside a cave is not something you see often
Moscow is more than ready to use Serbs to make problems for the EU in case it needs to.
Recently we had a third big one this year
I don't think it's the most beautiful, but I find it interesting nonetheless
Vers vert verre ver
I bet it was
I... I... I get unlimited data for that price
[Sea Organ & The Greetings To The Sun in Zadar ]
I never understood that
I have a couple of Slovenian friends and every single one of them speak nearly perfect Croatian.
I'm guessing you wont be able to join without recognizing kosovo, right
That's obvious though
I could keep going about the corruption but it is all just sad really
And hopefully not too many die in the fights in and around the stadium
It's much closer if you merge L and J into one letter, like we do.
Lots of drugs, crime and corruption
Do you ask your country why they need and army, why a politican has an armed security ?...
Sorry bald eagles
What the Dutch should do with that letter;
Well, considering you are like *one Slovenia* larger in size, you have much more forest ;)
I only see them on the edges of towns and forests
We often say for someplace far in god knows where as Tunguzija which I thought was imaginary but is apparently a real oblast in Russia called the Tunguska oblast
Any list of the best governed countries in the world would have Germany at or near the top.
We very much feel like we're in Croatia..
Rijeka
Then s/he apparently figured out what Snappera was saying(?), so there went the 2nd comment ("wait, are you talking about them ignoring the referendum *anyways*, with Scots?").
Happy cake day
It is better to overproduce and waste some than leave people hungry
Our media doesn't seem to criticize any bigshot name from the EU in general
If you want to remove gender bias by blanking out names or other means, that's perfectly fine
I remember it so well
In Croatia it's difficult to point out single city
Yes they say that one stronger earthquake will come in an hour
That's hilarious, although it's quite similar here.
1991 - present Modern Republic of Croatia
Sed semper ipsum lectus, a interdum sapien porttitor nec
I don't like it here because of a mentality
Lol "established croatia in ww2". As a puppet state maybe
Yeah, more or less
Sometimes it's 'je/ije' sometimes 'i' and sometimes 'e' depending on the word itself
I’ve never heard of the second theory though, and I’ve lived in Zagreb my whole life
If anything they jump to any opportunity they can to call out the government, it’s what gets clicks after all
It's like a milder 4chan
nije me briga = i dont care (no sarcasm)
I don't think I could hold a basic conversation in slovene, even though I live like 30 km from the boder
For me most germans are like robots, until you come here for your vacation and go crazy
If you want fantasy read the Witcher (i read 7 books in 10 days, couldnt stop) and Wheel of Time saga.
Source: am croatian
Your drowsy reputation is hillarious and charming at the same time and it's a very positive (albeit passive) effect of having no issues with you as one of ex-yu nations
Vivamus ut facilisis sapien
One should be ready for whatever comes,” says Ales Stankevich, a representative of the Belarusian Association of Officers.
i cant believe but i agree with you :) EU would have to put a lot of money in some agency to extremely promote culture on local level or else, eventually language and culture will be lost
Until the last photo from the dude who replied below
I thought you were speaking about Serbia :D
Poles are therefore one of the two nations that can use the N-word freely
You chronologically learn about European,Croatian and some world literature, from ancient to modern times.
I know Slovenian, Serbian, some Bosnian(idk how many there are), German, French, Russian, Polish, Czech and Austrian.
Most of the wood used for its navy (1500s on) came from the baltic region
It would be totally pointless
You are either a troll or just blind.
Ajvar is actually not Croatian, but it's popular here.
Honestly, it may be peaceful now, but I have a bad feeling Europe will go for round 3 of "World War".
I'm british, so i'm probably more patriotic than most people on this sub
However, if everyone doesn't suddenly get reasonable about these very, very emotionally charged topics, then it's a very difficult question
But a well known warning to Croats travelling to Czech Republic is not to adress women/girls as 'cura' (girl, girlfriend in Croatian) as it's very similar to 'coura' (whore in Czech)
Turks do be T H I C C
But that would make Slovakia look too elongated :P
Nature since the first life
Most people don't realize the difference between ''Gdje?''(''Where'' for the question *Where are you?*) and ''Kamo?''(''Where'' for the question *Where are you going?*)
No idea why it's like that it's perfectly normal in Croatian.
Of course not many people behave as such, but only one is enough to ruin your day
Ekatarina Velika
I wish she was a Croatian Merkel.
The amount of the money we got (22 billion€) covers about 35% of our GDP, or 40% of our GDP for 2020 (if we consider that it will fall by 10%)
I agree with you but for a different reason.
In the continental part, people play with hungarian playing cards
Of course they want to defend their interests and of course the EU has a problem when two of the biggest net contributors have a problem
Thrilling game, Croatia played really well for one part of the game, France really well for the other part of the game, and in the end they won fair and square
Love all our neighbours and whole Europe and our similarities and differences, best place to live
The war was practically over then, all that was left was to give the coup de grace
Then from 10 - 20 is the (digit number) + deset (word for 10)20, 30, 40 etc
I even heard the comparison that bavaria is germany's texas
was he part of a cell
You can also just google 'UK to test 10,000 people per day'.
Maybe 10% of the population is far right lunatics and fascists are minority in these 10%.
but fuck I love milk lol
Why
I just don't see the visual appeal of this.
What a mature conversation this has been
Or both, honestly
2) If people were willing to live the same lifestyle as 60 years ago, they could work much less
Because i'm reading the lists and everyone has at least 1 leader from civilization series
This was invented by Bandić himself, only to more easily squeeze the last lipa from our pockets
Belgrade is pretty big and my family lives in Zarkovo which isnt close to anything so there's no other way
Kranjska kobasica buurek
čekić [tschekitch]
Some of our most recognizable inventions are: necktie, torpedo, pen, suspension bridges, dactyloscopy, electric speedometer
Yes, I am a Croat and catholic and i dont see homosexuals as something i would want in large numbers in my country but i would never deny their rights and i support same sex mariage.
It's about special forces who operate from helicopters.
Some other German on this sub vacationed on our coast a couple of years ago, and in regards to the crowd, he said he thought something like "is there anyone keeping the fort back home?" So maybe it's like - we get so many Germans it's like they never left home.
Gtfo
As in Croatian
Incredibly inaccurate, actually
Omg what a karmafarm you have achieved
And I think a couple in Hungary
Follow him on twitter and witness modesty
They would get either shot on the spot or suffer the same fate
I know but I'm just saying if he was bad towards his people they would rise against him although bi agree his way of doing things is a bad news for Europe
Thus 'trg' (town square) sounded like 'trk' (running)
I'm not doubting the neccessity for maximum caution, just interested in odds.
There were also attempts days before when a bomb was thrown but it detonated under a car behind the royal couple.
Unfortunately, such music has changed our society (of all the ex-Yu states) for the worse
Other than Pecs I don't really know what to say as I have only been to Budapest which is very famous but I heard Gyor is quite nice too and also Kaposvár.
It happens all the time
Our history, position and unique balkan culture is something noone else in the world has
It'll come in handy if you ever decide to start a business in Croatia
First the Brits and now the 'Mericans.
Moreover, I have no idea what the opinions of the majority of people are
You chetniks are such miserable creatures.
Let me explain, there are really some major differences
Spain 6
Every federative rep had right to secede by Constitution
"List" means leaf, piece of paper, a newspaper, a calf, a type of fish and the calf on your leg
What inspires you to learn my language
It was like 3rd news from world section, after corona and tanker oil spil in mauritius and before fire in czechia
Struck me as something you don't see that often in these parts
They also put the Imperial March making fun of them for wearing all black...
That song feels like it should have some fireworks or some big and memorable dancing
Basically there is something like 1/3 or more of the population that is part of the sick corrupt system and they have the control of everything and it’s almost impossible to change all of that
Have you seen those warriors from Hammerfell
It's possible that it's a cannabis strain which doesn't stimulate the appetite as much.
He looks like Nigel Mansell, just slimmed down a bit
Croatia also has the highest number of UNESCO Intangible Goods of any European country together with Spain
It helps that I read a lot, and waiting to get most books in translated edition is ... terrible
Maybe visit a country you are talking about and see for yourself.
im not going in the whole recognizing-it-or-not teritory, but what are your thoughts about future relations regarding Kosovo
Who cares if a move ends up being catastrophic in the long run, it's making money now
It is like the person who killed your parents and raped your sister was in front of you in the line in the grocery store and you have no right nor proof to do the same back
"Is that even a real place
Whs is Croatia as one region
Kind of, it's supposed to represent [this building]
Just because official data suggests one thing, it doesn’t mean we should relax too much
More less, the biggest difference is the ije and je thing which happened when the languages were forming and before ije, je and e we just had ѐ which was a sound with all the ije, je and e. And the difference is also with saying the future in Croatian we would say "Moramo ići" (we have to go-verb in infinitive) and in Serbian it would be" moramo da idemo"(we have to go-verb in present with the word "da")
Always wondered why we use helicopter when we have a perfectly normal croatian word for it: zrakomlat (literally "the thing that beats up air")
If person A wants to harm person B and drives a car into him with 2 collateral casulties thats attempted murder.
It was unbelievable
old turk circlejerk about the chinese uyghur?
20 days
I know a bunch of Kata/Katica of all ages, although Slavica's are usually women in their 50's or older
I was tutoring, and 90% of students were included in Ana, Lana, Lara, Lea, Mia, and Iva
its not formal name but is name that catholic church recognize you by and keep in  their books
1) delusions of grandeur
If you're someone back home with a job that hits 1k Euros a month or very close to that, you're pretty much a rich person in the eyes of many country folk
My goal here is not to be anti-capitalist.
Ok, a few questions
Same in Croatia
Why don't you guys adopt an alphabet we (Croatians) have and the world will be at peace
- *Svejedno mi je - It's all the same to me*
There was even a movement of the workforce, you could go and work in any other part of the federation
You may live a short life, but you lived it well.
Living in a cold, poorly managed, uncomfortable looking farm house made of concrete
They actually contribute something to society
The PM said no, and live during session of the government all junior party ministers were removed from the session
That's the clickbait title, but what does it specifically say in article?
Stopala aren’t toes, they are feet
He's famous for fighting against Hungarian revolutionaries in 1848
People in this subreddit aren't "railing on Muslims", but rather railing on immigrants from Muslim-majority countries that happen to have an aggressive and backwards culture.
It's the definition of a Phyrric victory
Yeah Dubrovnik is a lot smaller so tourists basically overrun the place, especially in July/August
No coastline for others on Mare Nostrum
Jadna klima, priroda onako lijepa ali dosadna
We all drink like fucking maniacs
It’s not completely the same, but similiar, because we say papuče, so papucs with an e at the end
[The quarantena followed the trentino, or thirty-day isolation period, first imposed in 1347 in the Republic of Ragusa, Dalmatia (modern Dubrovnik in Croatia)
I've never read the book
Also, african countries are rarely placed next to other continent countries so sense of scale is completely lost on africa
We are very small but the regions on the sea have nothing in common with the inland and then again inland is split in 2 parts
Croatia
What I'm trying to say is that the whole idea about what is allowed in wars is just bs in real wars nobody will give any meaning to those rules because even though we like to pretend like there are some rules in war there really are no rules
Sadly yes, It can't be seen very well here but the church in the picture still has scaffolding on the other side and there are plenty of houses with smaller damages such as bullet holes.
Where do we get all that renewable energy from
When they leave, you'll probably also be obliged to protect the external EU border.
Yeah, it was a weird ordering, I thought it was originally by their endological (native) names, because 'Hrvatska' and 'Kroatien' are really close by (and I wasn't paying enough attention), but the last 3 totally confused me
Even worse if they are *decepticons* who forged deal of overtaking earth with Serbia, Belarus and Rus as our earthly overlords.
If I had money I wold personally go there and bring you weapons and shells.
No matter the involment and the side in the war
I actually found Istrian čakavian to be more similar to kajkavian than I expected, so I'd probably kinda manage if I know kajkavian
It's madatory to make an ID at 16 years of age and have some form of formal identification with you at all times
U Republici Hrvatskoj vlast proizlazi iz naroda i pripada narodu kak zajednici slobodnih i ravnopravnih državljana
Spot on
I go for a walk and realize that the most of the people at the central square are older people
Buildings, architecture, etc
What do i get here
I agree although I am way more conservative gay adoption nope
He's obviously talking about currywurst
It's politics and claims are just, very weird
Well let me just move to a flat desert as far as possible from this Czech monstrosity thank you
Gymnasiums have Latin as mandatory, and "classical" gymnasiums have ancient Greek as well
Can confirm
Morbi in ultricies augue, eu tristique magna
Tell me, how many days without government will it be the next time
Never, because you need to win the vote to win the election?
Egypt and Mesopotamia, for like two weeks each, Indus Valley, China and Mesoamerica each for about an hour, and then the rest of the 1st year is spent on the Greeks (Persians too, briefly), and Romans, plus a little bit about Carthage, the Celts, Germanics etc
I guess Hermann and Heinrich get a pass
I think recently someone posted something on r/politicalhumour which was about European politics (Brexit I think) and the mods deleted it on the grounds that politicalhumour is supposed to be jokes about American politics and no other country
Mediterranean cuisine is full of local herbs and spices
It has to be a "dream house"
You mean I posted before the edit?
You've just demonastrated my point
2 cm long
U from san marino
The only correct answer here
Prekmurje and Bratislava have a lot in common with each other.
“Čovječe, pazi da ne ideš malen ispod zvijezda
Worse still, “humiliating” media content has been criminalized since 2013
winning independence through war is a perfectly common thing.
The first settlement was the Roman Andautonia.
This is not the moment, the topic nor the place for that
nothing more
For example, while I know several Tomislav under 30, most Miroslavs are 50+ men
And he's a mole named Krteček (in the original, but he got a localized name in every country) the name means "little mole".
Hitler was Austrian not German
With younger kids and parties at someones home, usually parents stay and socialize
To be paid as much as a mechanic who did 3 years of highschool
They were also a veteran army after close to a decade of war.
1m people and an area of 105km2, but you're comparing it to area of 891km2 in Berlin and it's 3
The Romans had to recruit barbarians into their ranks because their population simply couldn't sustain their army.
Here in Croatia we don't have the separation of Church and the state.
It's not where near the horror shows of these cities here
Al dente is the best
I don't think we have them in Croatia but I really don't like the idea of those bases since I consider that Europe could defend itself if a EU army was created
It was written by a Ragusan writer Ivan Gundulić in the early 17th century and it basically glorifies the freedom Dubrovnik was so proud of:
Then it becomes rich and presto, now it's a poster child of Western culture
Lives of their parents, brothers, sisters, grandmas, grandpas, friends is destroyed
At the same time Split has stable 14°-16° weather all day long and coldest months feel the same as autumn in Zagreb
It's officially recognized as [Croatian national dish] as well
Plus, when I say settled there I mean it in a 'planned' sense, like when Hungarians settled in the Pannonian basin i.e. when a large group of people with the same ethnic identity settle somewhere in a relatively short period of time
i've got a feeling that americans are really shallow when it comes to phones
[Serious] Members of the Serbian national minority in Croatia, do you feel threatened?
He's holding the staff of Hermes (two snakes) instead of the staff of Asclepius (one snake)
Istria actually gets more visitors as the other reply said but Dubrovnik itself gets a bunch and Istria as a whole gets more
Cold - below 0
Poland can't into space, but it can into Ireland
There are many things to be thankful to those further away from us, but I'll stick to neighbours and those who were in contact with us more intensely
Thanks for clarification
Also all these people are westerners and as such have a lot in common
Well Bosnians appear in a lot of our jokes (Mujo i Haso)
I wonder if author of thread is Serb.
Damn, we get wages similar to the ones of Eastern Europe but our food prices are closer to western Europe.
Italian
I live in an average sized town called Varaždin (45k people)
Off topic: that site completely ignored my gestow.
[Improvise
A person(m/f) from Croatia is a Croat.
Neat
The integrity of the commom market is their primary concern, not loosing or gaining trade with the UK.
Recently we had a third big one this year
I think they 're pretty well known
Well if he is just a looney then you cant talk about terorism.
Nothing, you're still by default most likely capable of it and that's what matters for this
In the name of the Father  Son and WiFi
" Yeah maybe invading half the planet while portraying yourself as the valiant bastion of freedom does that to you
So if some drunk fuck does it its automaticly tetorism?
~~ Spanish peope are the only people that I myself have come acros that not only often-times, but almost exclusively always speak Spanish regardles of their environment
I'm glad for France, but I'm also glad for us
I guess "always" started in 1918
For example, average purchasing individual power in Croatia today is even worse than in 1978
They should create a poll and ask which design is better.
Working hours in France
It doesn't matter one bit if you and people around you decided Trump was a dictator.
City I grew up has a couple of Venetian forts overlooking the cities from 15th and 16th century, and a Cathedral built in the same time period
we have decided to conquer Ireland from within
I know who can't - this elevator.
Zagreb, the largest city in Croatia
Moomins and spurdo are ebin :DDDDD
It's probably the same in Croatia
Do you like to make a very spicy goulash with hot peppers and paprika?
I am pretty much blond but I have brown eyes
[with an occasional stone pillar]
my accent is still very recognizable, but not as much as it usually is, lol
Not a good feeling to be woken up on a Sunday at 6:20am by glass shatering and facades falling apart
I would pay good money for that to happen.
At what point wasn't the news just propaganda of one form or another?
I completely agree with what he said and it is really common sense
We also have super specific names for family relations (some of which you had to learn in elementary school IIRC) but they are rarely used
Maybe it's because of the Adriatic :P
The Russians started World War 2 with the Germans, of that there is no doubt.
I am quite proud of the restoration and preservation efforts being done in EE.
Truly, it is a surprise there aren't dozens of dead on European streets weekly.
Thank you for the origin of aujourd'hui
A mentally handicapped substitute drama teacher?
The word, yes, but the concept originates from Dubrovnik, the Venetians just elongated it from 30 to 40 days
> How are France and Germany egoistical if they're the biggest net contributors
Dundo Maroje by Marin Držić
The food is fantastic (as well as everything I tried in Bulgaria), and you get the food very fast
But everyone wants all the gadgets and products that were created in the past 60 years as well so in order to buy extra crap, you need to work more
Being a politican or owner of a company and not stealing from everyone you can
I thought it went like this: Croatian waters --> International waters --> Italian waters.
Besides, plenty of countries remained neutral during the war
Nobody is asking for Germany to close its borders, im asking why arent you vetting them at the border?
I would genuinely like if this idea got more traction, so I'll share wherever I can
Oh, look at the big baby, had to wait 45 minutes
Not out of good will but solely to stop the waves of economic immigrants that will be pouring in Europe.Take the money that is spent on immigrant in Europe and give it to people in Kenya or Nigeria and it will be used far more effectively.
They occasionally and amusingly pop over here for a brief news interview (like, once every couple of years)
The most commonly used slang phrases I heard about dying are "otegnuti papke", "to spread the hooves", or "odapeti", "to let loose (e.g. an arrow)"
The article doesn't actually say "how" Europe can do that, aside from
I don't understand either, since like 95% of them get rejected anyway.
Serbia and Croatia alwqys had disputes about Bosnia a stuff
Open letter to the people of France:
The clouds cloaking the black mountain have cleared
There are a lot of conservative people in Croatia, but there are also Croatians who are liberal and anti-fascist.
They are so good with languages
At this point, I'm now wondering, is cutting the pizza with scissors the correct way
Lol, wtf, who likes guns and weapons
Sure, but we don't learn nearly as much about Chinese dynasties as we do about the European ones.
Yes, that is about wages, not job competition.
[NK Olimpija] is better
Well, not exactly a loophole in the strict sense, but its a "fun" thing in croatia that gets mentioned every time someone big gets sentenced
* it was one of the first states to [officially recognize the US independence]
I always think what part of british isles is that
What the fuck
I would integrate further in some areas, but not all
I can write in Bosnian
i was fucking around and took a tumble from that damn hill.
Croatia has 1131 of corona cases we ste fucked
Ti si toliki jebeni imbecil, da ti se treba crtati olovkom na komadu papira i objasnjavati u natuknicama, ti i dalje ne bi skuzio, vec bi i dalje buljio ko tele u sarena vrata
I was actually very good at this, I would fill up my entire album very quickly without buying new stickers very often
We may have a lot of problems, but our medical aid is excellent.
Hahaha
EU already spends second only to the US with historically low military spending ....
There's no doubt a reform is needed but this solution is imposed by the creative industry
Doing something about it, on the other hand, is pretty complicated.
What's the most popular alcoholic drink there?
sigh
If europe took all 4 million refugees the percentage of muslims would go from 4 % to 5 %.
The main catalyst was an economic crisis and wealth differences between the states.
Also don't know, but I doubt it happened overnight
I live in a building from 1983
Worth mentioning that we usually (at least in my experience) use surnames to create nicknames
I was in Verona in a McDonalds waiting for the cashier to put the food on my tray and I noticed he didn't put a straw on it, so I, unaware that the straw dispenser is right next to me, arrogantly said in Croatian "For fuck's sake you could've at least given me a fucking straw" to which he replied "They're right here dumbass" in Croatian as well
But it would be smaller and weaker than NATO currently is
That place just had a feel of emptiness and it didn't even feel like a german city
) moderated by far right mods so any article related to history, sociology, politics etc
These days in Croatia, young people and whole young families are moving away
Serbs in either Chetnik forces or Partisans
*The Republic of Croatia is a unitary and indivisible democratic welfare state.*
Nothing against our neighbours but that would make our coastline even more awesome
I don't think we had any continous long lasting friends
For most of people, yes
I'd say Dubrovnik's Old Town is so dense with people in summer it beats any other place on Earth lol
They can build a new church with that ugly post modernist look
I can't help but notice that my country wasn't insurrected and in flames by multiple different ethnic groups and political extremist groups in the past year, it's yours
• sir - cheese
Then they jumped to 37 in 2007, so there must have been some big-ass reform at that time.
Or perhaps I've been feeling a bit strange looking all those places
Often there will be a couple of buildings which are the same in one block, but the entire neighbourhood composition is often very diverse.
Asik Veysel
It's our cat nip
Nice username
You can destroy industrial compounds with regular bombs such as those used in the bombing of Dresden, but the fact that they used bombs which engulf large areas into flames when they knew the Japanese mostly live in wooden houses leaves little room for interpretation.
But yeah, denmark seems like a place to be
HRT 1 which is short for "Hrvatska radiotelevizija 1" (Croatian Radiotelevision 1)
No, if they are working then they spend their money in Poland, then the companies in Poland make profit and employ more people who then spend their money and then the cycle of economy growth just takes off
The swastika is a symbol under which those territories were given away.
EDIT: oh also i'd like to add that if i go to another country, i can always tell when someone's croatian (or serbian or bosnian)
On birthdays and special occasions (weddings, births, awards) you bring cake or pastries or even fingerfood for the office
She seemed to be very critical of Hungary for closing borders.
Mongols had superior war technique.
Just don’t say anything about the early to mid 90’s and it’ll be fine
'Slava' means 'fame' in Croatian as well.
meh in my school 60% of us were atheist
Especially considering the many regional dialects
ArcelorMittal - world biggest steel producer
Example:
Going outside and getting robbed is very hard, but it does happen sometimes
At least they have obvious examples.
That's like saying -ica is diminutive, which it can be, but it's also the feminine ending
Rukavac has been overbuilt in the past few decades.
do people at least wear scarves?
Yes, I know about "hladno piće" ofc :)
And for most of the country (excluding strict centre of capital or posh touristy/historic locations) it gets you at least that and probably more
than glass or two wine mixed with water
Still have dvds of it
Especially in hot weather
I think by changing the course of that battle Croatian independence would be more likely to happen sooner
They don't really have a choice being surrounded by EU countries
if i remember any later i'll make sure to edit them in
We Croats have 1 200 nice islands, yet we are annoyed that Greece has 6 000
I'd even say they're up to par with the English ones, honestly
000
Morbi sodales dolor ac dolor vehicula, sit amet dapibus enim laoreet
My advice: if you ever visit, get the Florence Card and visit as much museums as you can
It goes with assumption that European media is calling Middle-Easterners 'Asian'.
Namely:
There is no war there and those countries are safe.
its not, by by by Earth, but its by, by humans
**H** in particular, though I feel like there's more K, S, R, T as well.
Doing nothing would be much worse.
read Message to Adolf by Osamu Tezuka, it's a really good comic based on this premise
Hope you find something you'll like :D
The initiative to ban abortion is led by the same exact group who succeeded in getting the "marriage" definition (man and woman only) into the constitution.
leaving the EU makes is that it can be moderated now
That shut them up
Personal and most cities
They are the same as the British media
Edit: I live and work in Germany
As with everything historic or even vaguely political, Croatia comes in with at least two opposing stances :D
No, as long as they don't get angry at me for thinking I'm Russian.
There are probably others i forgot too
Why
( Who didnt hide is a donkey)
" :)
Why did this fortress hold such big of a value
Never heard anyone mixing that though, I just hear people throwing in the word in English into a Croatian sentence, like "frajer je to actually napravio" (which still technically doesn't 100% fit, they basically replace zapravo with stvarno)
But wow a new mall, that's gonna bring in the tourists or smth idk the logic
I've seen a couple of American license plates (New Jersey, Massachusetts and California), Canadian one (Ontario) and an Icelandic one
If you are giving your adress you either say at or monkey
There are about 50 mil people in the countries you listed (minus UK which was falsely listed).
You lied, but are still being derogatory towards me
I can't say I open them a lot but this should have been a big story
keep out of Balkan business
Russia supports Bosnian Serbs and if they decide to break Bosnia we might see a new war here.
Is there a legally equal civil union that makes this only a matter of name?
Country is Croatia
Isn't 48°C approaching lethal if staying outside for longer periods
However my cousin is a fan of ikea, she had hand made furniture made from oak, she  threw it out from her flat and bought everything in ikea
Also Kopacki Rit one of the last preserved swamp systems in Europe and Papuk which is also a geopark because when the pannonian sea existed Papuk was an island and now has unique mountain structure seen nowhere else in the world, and the great-grandfather of Queen Elizabeth was born in Osijek(city in Croatia) . Just wanted to put some inland stuff  because people usually talk about the coastline
The space there is important because some people don't know who he is and might misread it as something else.
Can you translate this to Montenegrin please ?
The dutch also drained parts of East Anglia and Lincolnshire in the UK
This is one of the best things about croatia and one of the reasons i'm not moving anytime soon
On the flip side, like you said, we too are ultimately biological machines that might one day be fully understand.
I live in an average sized town called Varaždin (45k people)
They are often thought of as a German company, but they're actually Luxembourgish
The second thing is trade
No need to apologize and thank you for the feedback and clarification
We did all of that, except for the break in line
Duis a varius turpis, vitae congue nunc
Locusts
Just on the question of free movements you get multiple, perpetual no votes from Eastern and Southern European countries out of pure political necessity and from France and Germany on principal.
Was it inevitable that they'd commit the biggest genocide in human history
there's Greece without any Schengen land neighbours
Kids are crappy artists and if you stick to what they can draw you end up with variations on "3 parallel lines" or "Cross on a background" that don't look unique at all
They ousted/murdered the members of the Obrenović dynasty and brought the Karađorđević dynasty on the throne in order to achieve the dream of Greater Serbia(which included the territories of Austria-Hungary).
Morbi et sapien nec diam egestas dapibus
A jebem mu mater ja samo zelim sadit krumpire u miru
>Which is something they could have done much, much earlier
So while I am against the cartoons, i don't think things like that should be banned
Wait how does it work exactly in Slovenian
Horvat is the most frequent[1][2] surname in Croatia and Slovakia,[3] 2nd most frequent[4] in Slovenia and 5th most frequent surname in Hungary
Though their New Year's special from a year ago was quite funny, so they could do it if they try hard enough.
really, because I had opposite experience.
Not to mention that they're on the right track to take over the world eventually.
But she is the only victim as long as I can tell
I'm not implying anything, calm down man.
If only others would follow
I'd much rather recommend ''Sokol ga nije volio'' or in English, "Sokol did not like him", it shows just how much Croatia was torn between two differing ideologies during 2nd world war, two ideologies that for a simple man living in rural area did not mean nothing, but still took everything from him
Ebola is an extremely shitty biological weapon, for one it has an incubation period from only 2 days up to 21, so you're operatives won't be able to spread it far.
i know the potential is enormous and i knew we have a couple of hydro power plants but i didn't know about solar and wind, where do we have those
My mother's side of the family is fair skinned and light eyed but my father is dark haired
Huh, your system sounds kinda similar to what I know of Germany.
There's plenty of books on the topic of why the kid is "poor" as compared to those who's paternal situation is normal
For example hearing someone say "How's the water
It will take hold of you, and you will resent its absence!
If you can't use nukes it means you can't use nukes to deter a conventional army.
Anyway, a retarded move by the Serbian government, in general, to start a war after Yugoslavia break up
I've read somewhere that the royal family can in theory be introduced the same way they were dismissed, with a 2/3 in the parliament.
In unoccupied Croatia they were mercenaries, bandits and freedom fighters that escaped from Ottoman-occupied territories and settled in what little was left of either the Croatian kingdom or in regions under Venetian rule
That cuz you have a common enemy.
I was, multiple times but I wasn't salty about it as everything else was 10/10 in terms of hospitality so it was easily forgiven (this is a massive compliment when it comes from a Balkanese)
If this is European culture, then I don't want to be European...
Not in the same way, much closer.
I know because I normally used SV couple of years ago for a very small city/town Salzgitter
Come to think of it, also rasrđen is used, though I had to pronounce it before I could understand it
&#x200B;
Now that's just pure out of context quoting.
As someone who is fairly new to discord, THANK YOU.
Cutlery
That everyone wanted to be a footballer and is good at it
Do you eat bread with pasta
The largest autosomal study on Turkish genetics predicted that the weight of East Asian (presumably Central Asian according to the authors) migration legacy of the Turkish people is estimated at 21.7%.
Funny thing is that Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland are only 2 countries I support during European Championships, and Faroe Islands and 2 irelands in qualifications because only you can bring that romantic feeling of sportmanship not only only on the pitch but also on your end of the stadium
Beč is Turkish originally but idk the etymology and Dunaj definitely comes from Danube
Holy hell the first performer was a cringefest
Thinking that you've done what you're supposed to do and actually doing what you're supposed to do are two different things.
Well, to begin with, some of European countries never partook in the slave trade
Well, to be frank, both Fanfare Ciocarlia and Goran Bregovic play brass-band music, so maybe he was relating more than confusing it
You ought to visit Czech Republic buddy if you think food in serbia is the cheapest
Not so sure about that, in Croatia a lot of them are ethnically tied to Croats; Hrvoje, Zvonimir, Tomislav, Berislav, Kazimir, Domagoj etc.
Make it as easy as possible to transport large amount of luggage, both on the train, but also, when switching between trains by offering baggage trolleys
It's a lot like what Marseilles is to Paris, or Naples to Milan, the "Mediterranean counterpart". You can guess all the stereotypes just from that
I've never read the book
Spain aims to raise environmental taxes to cut deficit
Hmm, we want Šešelj and maybe a handball game!
[**Bavarian conservatism intensifies**]
Sorry, reading in a hurry
But I guess KFC is still bigger here than other US fast food chains - Burger King has 5 restaurants, Subway has 2, Domino's has only 1
Hellz yah, lets circle some eurojerks,
Dude, my government is giving importance to everything that can maybe shift the focus from the actual problems
IDK maybe he was ignorant about the differences between US and German laws when it comes to expressing yourself joke or not
Jur fakin ded kido
And I have serious doubts about the usefulness of something like that implemented over here - I think 20 years of having a hated Serbian monarchy followed by 45 years of communism pretty much destroyed any possibility of a constitutional monarchy being practical in Croatia
definitely, but good things is in Croatia basically everyone speaks English so you can without any problems do a bilingual talk, its very common in younger generation
By that logic russia should have 50
Thanks, we love you too
So that's why Radical Serbs are so bitter.
fucking up badly
Noone mentioned anything about hour requirements or being 'good' at the game.
They do seem practical and I love the fact that the plates are bound to the car for its lifetime, but other than being practical, I see no real difference or usefulness between Irish plates and some totally random numbers/letters
Majority of European countries use the bigger scale, including us
Not really
Guglao sam sta je, za pocetak, al sad se ne mogu sjetit kako mi to zovemo
Pička and piće are quite diff but I can only speak for my own language
Da, da, kuzim taj dio
The detergent is also shit (probably even expired by western standards).
Its coast vs inland, "lazy appartment owners who get their money from tourists during three months in summer" vs "hard working continentals", sea vs skiing, italy vs germany
Byzantine Empire was Roman, not Greek.
We have it in Croatia and we recycle up to 95% of all bottles because of it
Agadmator, and I don’t even care about chess that much
"Biti" means to be and to beat
I'm from Chakavian region, but we don't speak it at home and I barely understand real Chakavian.
Problem is that most of the msm have a leftist bias, and other have a agenda against them.
Especially since the Croatian antifascist associations already reacted in the media
In my university (in Scotland undergrad) the code/programs we write belong to the student not the university, although we don't really need to pay for supplies the university does supply us with some of the fancier pay for programs
Are you a fucking idiot to compare Paris to Zagreb ?
National
You'll be surprised to find out I support european federalism and everything you listed and I'm a liberal.
I have to disagree
The poem is called "Voćka poslije kiše". But, unfortunately, it is very hard to translate it, so it doesn't lose the meaning
Then I‘m confused, because it‘s sounds familiar and most of the time has the same meaning, but the change of pronunciation makes me always doubt it haha
There are not many sources online in foreign languages about this sad story
Life is boring and I used to be unemployed for 3 months even tho my mom and sad took care of me and I had video games and went to lakes with them it was boring
We used to go to Austria before it came here.
Simulating a brain does create an interesting phylosophical conundrum.
There's this perception in the West that Balkan = Afghanistan, so nobody wants to be called that.
Terrorist attack
Like this:
And we should definitely help the refugee camps.
Both langaugaes are widely taught in schools and used to communicate with tourists during summer season
Food and drinks
The servers are varied in topic and population, and are all international, so it doesn’t seem related to a particular demographic
like hell it is all they do is push their agenda with no opposition
Same here, except sometimes people say ''istina''(the truth).
When I was in London around 10 years ago we planned on going there but the fare was way too fucking expensive so instead we went to the nearby Star Wars experience/convention thingy
They love their water-polo and the price of the balls was 10x more than building those walls
Levels of stupidity when certain issues are concerned are getting so high here, that it simply had to start to spill over.
I know quite a few people who travel there for work
The building was leaning like crazy
Zi ye later
Bulgaria is older as far as I know.
I mean, Russia and proxies can barely hold what they have in eastern Ukraine, one of the poorest countries in the continent manages to hold against utter terror imposing Russian war machine.
Mentality of the Germans probably because if I copied the richness of some country it would probably be used wrongly and lost but if we think a bit more like Germans we wouldn't be in this economic situation right now
it like how russians dont distinguish between č and ć
but lines can be blurred depending
Because of the Treaties Croatia signed with Vatican i think
this mentality, stupid management, bad system and toxic colleagues have been present in my workplace here in Germany as well
>There are two major countries in Europe that are transcontinental (Russia and Turkey) where special rules apply for the geographically Asian parts
Tesla was an inventor
By that notion, Mongolia would have the mightiest economy on Earth.
Sranje is super mild and almost no one uses it
You say a lot of things and provide evidence for none.
Well, Portuguese sounds like they are complaining all the time when speaking and Czech sounds childish to me.
Death by snö snö
In a way I'd say you sound similar to Russian as well but I find it interesting your relatives disagree
... yet
" :)
You can't charge people with a crime if the action wasn't criminal when they did it
Because it's so horrible you despise it but good enough for you not to try to immigrate somewhere.
are there ski resorts like that in Sweden?
I don't know, but there's this parking lot to the north that gets mentioned a lot
It was fun
When you miss the first class where numbers are taught
Well, some are but that's just normal, everyone has obnoxious tourists
Same here really, today it's fun to think that we bordered each other and had [wars] at one point.
ummm I thought French missiles were submarine-based which is definitely better for a second strike than stationary or mobile launch.
Nowadays you can see it in almost any social media post and articles criticising government or system in general
Pula - Pola
I know why italy is there, it's mainly because i find italians too loud, i think there's a lot of corruption in the country and other things which i wrote elsewhere
I thought that's what elections are for
>The best advice is to get a hobby and meet people that way
Lets say the normal limit is 50ish km, everything above that is rare
I lock my house when I leave it and when I go to sleep at night
standard: Ivan Horvat
Hey, as someone who wants to study linguistics in France, what are the best universities for it ? Specifically, Computational linguistics
Bizarre how us not throwing bricks at gay people anymore turned into a subject of banter from the Serb side.
After a quick search, I found that it's a matter od using large or small numbering scale
I am very proud of our country today and to me personally first white or first red does not matter
Those kind of historical economy maps would be more interesting.
Terrible article based on 2-3 anecdotal experiences.
Yes they can choose where they want to go, it's their fundamental human right.
I bliješti suncem obasjana,
Example: a House - Kuća (correct spelling) or Kuča (wrong spelling)
99.9% of refugees are victims of war, how many of the people who got into Europe in the last year-two were refugees and who were wellfare immigrants.
Franjo at least suceeded in most of his endevours so I would say he was competent even if you disagree with his actions
I agree, but sadly it will keep happening untill some changes are made, praying for cities and putting flags on profile pictures will not solve anything.
It’s all fine here
this is good answer
Governments could stop lying
Plus both of them are what I call "travelers", before that they spent two years in Vietnam (of all places, I was "lol wut?" when they first came up with that plan, but it turns out that the bad rep Vietnam has here is very exaggerated).
The US involvement there is akin to Russia helping Assad against the rebels, with the addition of having one of the worst countries on the Planet as an ally.
Well that would make Croatia and Bosnia central Europe
When you realise it's actually an anime, [mitsubachi māya no bouken]
Sed ex diam, feugiat ac neque sit amet, feugiat sagittis lorem
Lots of things
It completely leaves out the 'four-point' attack on our collective security by an assertive Russia, an aggressive Turkey, an increasingly isolationist US and Islamic terrorism.
Not completely fictional, my dog has a passport like that!
And of course, yearly competitions to see who can perfectly pronounce it
First comment was direct first response to /u/Snappera ("Brexit referendum was binding in practice").
Data for Croatia is flawed: most of the people here receive minimum or slightly above minimum wage, which is then offset by the 2% who have absolutely ridiculous income
Portugal plans national space agency as it boosts ESA contribution
Landgenoten
I've wondered that as well
Big vest propaganda
Regard to laws and rules from Nordic states
My world veiw is shattered
Debt to IMF
What I would give for snow on Christmas.
I would say not as hardcore as running through the fields of wheat, but damn
I mean if you're just waking your dog or going to the shop no one is going to bother you but at larger gatherings it's a must
That's still better than [the rest of the communist block after the curtain fell]
The man who braged to Hitler that he made Belgrade jude frei.
How bout you leave you basement?
Not exactly our movie but it's a collaboration if I'm not mistaken: The parade.
The only Republican to win the vote in the 2000's was Bush Jr.
Those apartments were built for young families and were sold for 1000 eur/m2, apartments in normal new buildings in Zagreb usually cost 2-4k eur/m2 and they're located in better neighbourhoods and they are built way better
German Intel Agency: Russia Is Trying to Destabilize Germany
Incredibly so if it was ex-Yu
Oh no whatever will we do
I didn't think of your plates at all :(
&#x200B;
Croatian constitutional court confirms constitutionality of abortion
Am I rite
Except if you decide to live on one of hundreds uninhabited islands
Technically he was a prince-consort ,but he was married to the last queen of Hawaii
Sweden Recycles Over 99 Percent of Waste, Imports Other Countries’ Trash
Last 3, scientists, not celebrities
"Boli me kurac" or "Boli me kita" Both mean "My [reproductive organ] hurts
Alright, I will edit my post to state "political ideology".
then look at Poland, what a big peace of nothing :(
That's the problem that used to be how the river looked like in 1946 i think see rivers arent static landmarks they shift
That man has an indesputably large brain
As for weather or not Turkey should be in the EU and other questions of grouping Turkey with European countries, there's a lot more to consider than geography, but every time people invoke geography and manage to disagree on a well established fact
We banned dragons last year, though
I also find West Slavic languages ewsier to understand than East Slavic languages, Czech and Slovak more than Polish
But I don't see any Germans or French of any of the smaller members saying anything radical.
000
Since people mention wasps, I'll mention hornets
I recognize many words that are used in Croatian:
Croatian President Meets with Aerial Fire Fighting Crews Which Returned from Israel
dunno about Lithuania, but here if a person dies within 24 hours of being admitted in the hospital, an autopsy is required by law
More beaches=more tourists
The worst part is, there is not that much of a need for it.
Here I definitely didn't mean all Serbians, but of course only the ones who do support such politicians
Then they can stay home and eat what they want
Tipping
Though we haven't yet gottento summer summer temperatures (apparently its gonna be getting to 40C)
Well, I know that Minnesota is not Michigan, which surpasses the knowledge of Trump's lawyers
not really a joke about Swedes, but we had a TV ad about eurojackpot lottery in which a "Swedish women" was celebrating how she won and spoke about visiting *Swedish* fjords.
" - said while holding a steak on the blackeye and missing a tooth or two
You say "hlib" while ekavian would be "hleb" like in other slavic languages
IIRC it worked when Macedonia/Serbia closed borders (at least, the Balkan flow was stemmed even before the agreement with Turkey).
Not sure if you got it, but it is an album of pictures, not just one picture.
>(Looks at the new mod candidates)
How else would you easily tow a MIG through city?
Why people keep shitposting here ?
There are also contexts in which the word "domobran/domobranski" can be used to denote cowardice, though that's a bit rare
Ive never met a Kartvelian before
**Bosnia -** If we take pride in hospitality, we can shy in the shade of Bosnian one
A lot to explore amd everything on just 1-6hrs long drive
Beside that, Windows 10 even comes with the app called [Your Phone] It basically enables you to see everything from your phone right on the PC
I am so much dissapointed that people don't learn about Nikola Zrinski/Miklos Zrinyi and Siege of Szigetvar
To save 50
Community
There are people who want standard Croatian to be based on Croatian dialects and not completely on Štokavian.
If the translations aren't at the bottom of the page you are officially f-ed
Good boi Slovenia
And I can write the same sentence in Croatian using the *same* words.
It was 5000$ to install fire proof sound isolation, 2500$ difference and they didn't bother to pay that
For example, I would never say "I'm in the water
I guess we have more fairies than monsters, I remember my grandma telling me that she saw fairies dancing in a circle on a meadow when she was young
And if you've visited Zagreb, on the center square/plaza
I heard that it started out as genuine trolling (some people blame 4chan, because obviously they do), but then the satire-deficient saw it and overran the original rare pepes?
Except for Turkey
Are you fucking dense
Eat, drink, have a great time
Imagine a parking lot where there are 50ish cars and a high end Mercedes or BMW is the least expensive thing there
Title suggests he swam half of Mediterranean and whole of Adriatics just to drown in Venice.
You could hear someone being called "udbaš" (Yugoslav secret service member) in various contexts, though
I am so fucking dumb hahaha
can't bother at this point with thrm honestly
I found Krleža's Povratak Filipa Latinovicza (The return of Filip Latinovicz) harder to read than Dundo Maroje
you can choose to learn cases or tenses so choose wisely.
They did come to Ireland, they just never conquered it.
Lol
• U je za uvijek tu - U is for always being there
Sed tristique nisl quis felis convallis mattis
They were Anatolian empire
and more direct actions simply weren't needed.
2019 - 44%
Croats have emmigrated (and still emmigrate) to various countries, mostly the US, Germany and more recently to Ireland but it's a little known fact that Punta Arenas, one of the most southern cities in the world has a significant croatian population
This is not an issue
Most likely I just dislike Nigel.
Zagreb wouldn't change at all
You are the same guys on Militaryporn!!!
This is a cool design I like it maybe even more than any flag that we had, but the proportions should be like extra long because it would be awesome having a 20 meter long flag
You know who we are, we kicked your ass in football and basketball in 2016
Serbia has about half the murders and 1/28th the rapes per capita compared to the US
They are mythical
Two meanings: either something is generally very unlikely to happen, or it is used in the context that an evil person does not go against another bad guy, in other words, criminals help each other
Ribisel - ribiz(l)
It really is horrible
However, I am really concerned about his denial of climate change.
I'm sure they'll listen to you :)
I think it is ok but nowhere near as good as the English one
Serbia returned the territory it took as a part of a political deal.
I think this is the official answer of every Croat
Here's a reason, at least for Croatia:
) with a very cheerful intonation
For smaller ones there are dozens of candidazes
me too my friend but bigger countries have more power and they shape the EU politics thats why I think christian and slavic countries should form a EU block to counter the power of France and Germany and stop their politics of migration, france from their former colonies and germany from inviting so many
We just sort of know it
"Only fool laugh of everything."
For now we have patience that Bulgaria and Romania are probably running out.
I have to say, I always knew Romanian was super interesting because of the Romance Slavic blend, but seeing it this way, I love it even more
Still rooky numbers
In croatia cleaners started picking up left over towels in the morning and depositing them in tourist office or town hall
This is history burning
Any sane Croat hates Pavelic
I remember watching this a ton while growing up in Croatia
Jokes aside, in croatian (we also say smrt) r can transform into a vowel when needed, just like the letter y in the english alphabet
Kobe rises from the dead with the prototype COVID-19 vaccine in his fist
Romanians think it's hilarious, they love buying the ''I <3 Pula'' t-shirts.
I'd rather have a smaller EU that can act then a big cripple.
When they asked him what does he think about NATO he said that he wants to steal money from them because everyone does
8 cultural and 2 natural, most famous would be Plitvice Lakes and Dubrovnik Old Town
Or in coastal areas for the day trip to tbe beach
Is that an oddity in European scouting (because judging by comments it is)
Maecenas quis turpis mi
I for one accept our new European overlords.
Soviet also had fuel shortage after they destroyed oil fields in Caucasus region
r/mapswithoutNZ
Me too
I dont think thats it .I dont wanna be that guy but hard to swallow pill for you would be that Kosovo will never be what it was again
All that I trusted let me down one way or an another.
Glad he did that because Tesla didn't really have a lot money to do his works
They also made sure Iran doesn't get nukes.
Sweden, muh man
You also don't have to live in France.
We aren't that low in comparison considering our neighbours and laws and the fact women here are conservative
Also Hajduk signs were everywhere even graffiti style prayers for the club on the churches but I guess they really like their team so whatever I guess
One name and one surname (usually paternal) is the norm
Wild boar and horned viper, I guess
>Is this normal
So in a sense, it's harder to raise your GDP if it's already pretty high, than it is to improve from rock bottom.
Last time it happened in 2017
[Andrijica Šimić] fought against ottomans
Sauce
They were horselords before it was cool.
Ehh I think to maintain your Protestantism in a >80% Catholic country you probably have to be really hardcore in your beliefs
They are usually right by the sea, and 90% of them are monstrosities that should have never been built
in him they see a figure who might do away with Turkish nationalism
We just post funny images from our daily lives
After that, students go to secondary school (srednja škola) and there are three types (gymnasiums - gimnazije, vocational schools - strukovne škole and art schools - umjetničke škole).
Janja - Croatia
this is true, but then people shouldn't champion the French Revolution as they do.
Not the ones that come here, though, we only ever see them in their best form(since its summer).
Serbia, bosnia, montenegro and (in lesser extent) slovenia would be fine
Which is kinda odd
It is a quote form Tacitus a roman senator not facist at all.
I guess Hermann and Heinrich get a pass
Grouping 87 different cultures and ethnicities, who just happen to live on the same continent, into a single group called European
This goes for BiH, Spain, San Marino and Kosovo.
I just hope someone will be smart enough and open up more Muller shops that import directly from western market because people over here are tired of shitty products.
Police will never be able to prevent every single attack.
Not sure I completely understand the resolution, what does it exactly standardize
The so called Independent State of Croatia was a Quisling regime under which a lot of our territory was given to Italy.
Anyone with any amount of firearms training would do that...
Never said they originate from Croatia
Like all public sector employees they are thought of as lazy and bribed.
What can you do there on 3 meters of coast?
What does that mean, is it like "kužiš"?
Hitler was Austrian not German
They'll label you a heretic and excommunicate you whenever it serves them, and that's supposed to be divine judgement and fair rule?
So if you dont want to wait, you can go private and pay
Considering starting to learn French.
You are a patriot when you fight for your country
How would you solve it with both countries being satisfied?
r/AccidentalRenaissance in the upper right corner
If you think those numbers are short, you should see the rest of the Planet...
I can guess that you have less potential for let's say solar (or hydro, but not all of them count as renewable), but - if you ask any kid to picture Netherlands, they'll say "windmills".
it would probably be much worse if it was updated
Worlds deepest subterranean free-fall drop (513 m)
Just don't mention it
My grandparents were born in a different country than my parents and my parents different from me.
They voted against legislation for better acceptance of gays?
Zagreb Cathedral (the tallest building)
Semmel - žemlja
Million = milijun
They only care about filling public coffers
Workers participation
oh you said EU only
Usually run by the Catholic Church, they send young people for a week somewhere on the coast
We do
My favourite dessert for sure
I think they had a whole list for each country and picked the funniest ones
People rushed out of the building
Its general knowledge that the Poles didn't control the Jewish death camps, and when you say "Polish death camps" you know people are talking about Nazi death camps located in Poland, this is general knowledge
They have strong political strings with Russia but at least from my experience with my neighbours, people dont really care
Crimea had a majority-Russian population, it's a stone throw away from Russia, Russia out-numbers and out-guns Ukraine in a way that can't be compared to Turkey and Europe, and sadly - most powers don't care about Ukraine the way they do for EU (EU is one of the powers, actually).
I let the bitch pick first when i take her out for kebab"
Well, the Ottomans carried no foreign diseases that wiped out most of the population...
Chinese or Indian or other Asian cultures are barely mentioned, as well as Central/South American - all of them are udually a single paragraph
In Croatia it might be Glina
Sometimes you just have to cancel your plans for evening and read a dozens of wiki articles about medieval Slavs it seems.
I bet she is drowning in ice cream until her pillow is dry enough for the next crying session.
He was an architect, now retired so yeah, he's living the life
this is a link to the most serious disasters in Croatia by death toll if someone wants to read
~~The regions culture has changed after the islamic invasions and the religion changed as well
Like a movie that would be bought by, i dont know, nbc.
Yeah, that's a big assumption that they are coming for a better life.
and in coastal croatia
Mair acted alone but he was inspired by over 30 years of reading Nazi propaganda
Nooo it's not his first term
The last one says it the closest
This is the longer running Gag i know ...
a type of yoghurt
The delegation simply threw the paper out during their trip and said we're joining without preconditions
Same in Croatia
We have a city that's called Pula.
It seems to be created in 1994 by an author who isn't really showing far right tendencies.
It's Serbian, so it makes sense.
I also know some people who played or still play in various groups in Krapina, Varaždin, Kutina, Osijek, Rijeka, Opatija, Pazin, Umag, Zadar and Split
As opposed to ironically dying of heatstroke
These threads never fail to amaze me, truly
In what way compared for example to Matrei in East Tyrol or Katschberg?
In mid-2018 it had 4
Selda Bağcan
Zagabria
I'm talking about coastal towns, especially istrian ones
But again, nowhere does it state the woman is Scottish
The key is to find a person willing enough to be your language parent, as teaching our language to foreigners takes a crap-ton of patience and determination
It should be, those people's lives are endangered beyond dispute.
We are often not featured despite being in EU
-King Tomislav,first king of Kingdom od Croatia
National identity does not automatically equal nationalism though.
Strange, one would think that after two very important and massive losses in 2008 and 2018 the average British person would know the Croatia NT very well
For Croatia, the lowest point ever was definitely 2006 when we sent Severina with the utter trash of a song called [Moja štikla]
I'm still working out the details of how their plan,
Slovenia : NO
I eat bread with something i can dip it in (goulash, sarma, punjene paprike) and thats it
If it’s a friend, you just say “Halo” (Hello) If it’s someone from a professional environment you say “Dobar dan” (Good day) If it’s a stranger, you say “Dobar dan, tko ste vi
You could have a private company with up to 10 workers
Would that be a peninsula then
Nikola Tesla EV Rally Croatia 2017: Stunning Itinerary Announced
(yes old people here mix wine with milk; when I was like three I liked it very much)
I can also imagine issues arising from Russia and its neighbors, with the more recent Soviet/Pan-Slavism which tended to mean "no we're all Slavs which means *we're all actually [Nation X]".*
I know the situation
It bothers plenty of people that Pakistan has nukes, first of all.
It's "kamen, škare, papir" in Croatian
That's some r/DesignPorn material right there
The old part has 26 buildings while new part from this capitalist era, has 52 buildings, only one school and one kidnergarten
The rebel that in cooperation with nazis killed 100 000 muslims in eastern Bosnia and 50 000 croats.
A lot of my friends have left for Germany, Ireland or America
There is no chance of a fringe group winning and fringe groups didn't win.
- I never considered Estonia, Latvia & Lithuania central European, they were alway some weird eastern/northern mix to me
I mean, even if the current right-wing government is in power, I kinda think if they didn't react to this that it would be a really low thing to do.
I came back to Croatia from Germany recently too, unfortunately not willingly but rather due to COVID-19
Why Wyoming over any other rectangle state, idk
Seems like Europe as a whole is turning into a shit hole
that this happens in Europe, in Civilizied world?
I've never noticed any differences among Serbian language.
[There is an alternative pristine location a lot closer you know...]
Its not like you stroll just into the US
I was only once at the Istanbul airport on a layover.
Overpeiced and overcrowded for sure but it was city state that lasted for 500 years during ottoman invasion and still have preserved walls so not overrated
I guess corruption is built in ourselves, idk
When Portugal switched to DTT a lot of people also went crazy over it saying they would be forced to purchase set-top boxes/tvs/etc just to watch free tv and that the elderly would suffer from it.
And republicans are against all of that.
Great, now it's siječanj so I can sit on a cold floor.
Sretna Nova godina to you all from Croatia!
Man Acquitted of Rape in Italy Because Woman Didn’t Scream During Attack; Victim Charged With Slander
Italy
White City = Beograd
Just as the early Slavs originally did.
Heh
Nah, Slovenia will most definitely block us
Quite popular among <35 people
Its mainly greece and rome
Okay yeah his politics are shit but no he's not Trump
Madness
There is a kindergarden, public garden where citizens can plant their veggies, dog park and, best of all, local youth centre, which now hosts numerous social events and serves as a hub for teenagers going out
We share a lot of history and culture with Hungary, Slovakia, Slovenia, Czech Republic and Austria, don't you think?
Right wing ones seem very sane
Croatian: Worsened (because of the "black lives matter" riots, not the covid-19 situation)
It's not just about London losing business, someone in the EU is going to be picking it up.
But, Croatia views it as border totalitarism and a way to supress other nations who are not Serbs (Slovenes, Croats and Bosniaks)
Ne, Norijada je naziv za to
That one was tied to the above comment about the blueberries, not the an-com.
I guess they're just regional
"Poor" was definitely the wrong word.
Not my country but about one we used to be part of
There is small part on island which is accessible by boat.
Hundreds of thousands were not converted, barely thousands were, and no, they did not remain Croats as it was a farce.
Spoke to Slovenians on many occassions, and most of them actually know Croatian fairly well.
I mean, same here
I’m not sure why Croatia is so low
* Some people go around, pretending to be deaf, and ask for donations - the worst part is, the actual institute does need money, but people are now wary of paying because of scammers
I could name more rivers and peaks than cities though heh
And thanks for čevapi and pljeskavica
Relevant point, this was supposed to be the 24th stop for the exhibition in Croatia.
Important to note here is that I moved cause of work and school
In my experience, it's either "paradajz" (continental) or "pomidor" (coastal), "rajčica" is used only as an "official" word (y'know, the one nobody uses but those who must :) )
to be honest, [the USA firebombed a bunch of Japanese cities with incendiary bombs and hundreds of thousands civilian casualties]
Someone told me they also used Rollers to squish people too but idk
Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit
The town of game of thrones, the big walls and UNESCO heritage site makes it every year a place where you can't walk through because of all the tourists
Mauris eget nibh porttitor, hendrerit nisl at, dictum enim
I mean you are the ones coming here...
He also served in WW2 in the Independent State of Croatia
He ended up getting a lot of votes
A large portion of the native food here is some kind of fast food
If you do not live in a swing state, your vote for the president (and a majority of other offices) has literally no affect/impact.
Right, but I think the approach from the article is pretty wrong.
>and isn’t really offensive
It has spread to other countries
I've lived around the world, America is the only place where I've had someone actively try to start shit with me because I'm from a different country (usually gets worse when they find out I'm from a small country)
Credit to /u/slacker25, original thread on /r/MapPorn [here] I submitted the map that was later edited with new information, [here]
There's nothing stopping you personally from freezing it and not buying new TVs, new phones, new whatever comes next
Nothing against our neighbours but that would make our coastline even more awesome
The fourth being hladan beton
So, the closes thing we got is you
There are lots of people that are pretty much invading your country, they are entering illegally and you know nothing of them.
At least knowing that it has a home where it's loved makes it a bit easier :/
And hopefully not too many die in the fights in and around the stadium
U treba mi onaj Huawei p40, jel valja šta
I dont think were that good
There is an insult sort of common in middle school where bullies call poor pupils “Lidlić” (meaning little Lidl) for wearing clothes from Lidl
I refuse to believe that Swiss are truly that naive.
Not paying taxes for the prize money from the state owned lottery.
And I mean war, not just state of emergency.
That's it im gonna join Italy and Spain in the no castles but BEST food club.
" sung out
Sex drugs and whatever mindfuck music is playing in the club
Here, you have to have it on your person at all times as police can stop to "legitimize" you at any moment and not being able to provide an identification is a punishable offense
> It's easy to hate on the EU but people tend to forget how much money flows into countries who contribute almost nothing
Serbo-Croatian, German, Spanish, Italian, French, Turkish, Hebrew, Latvian, Norwegian, English, Portuguese, Arabic, Russian, Polish, Finnish
"Because you can be do what we want to do"
I just felt a new one in Varaždin, weaker, but it rocked the building
We are basically the mini version of the USA's bible belt, the only difference is we have an army
) Your Matura exam determines if you enroll at a uni or not
Croatia is number one in kidney transplants
Then there was the "magic circle". A group would approach an individual and one person would tap him on the shoulder, and then we'd punch and kick him until he names the person that tapped him
Do you know the difference between a trophoblast and an embryoblast?
at 8 C it's a regular jacket and a hat
There are rights established by various resolutions
Ok grampa
of maybe weather
Just don't go to /r/debatealtright you will loose your mind
Yeah its pretty normal for example my aunt and uncle go to Hungary every once in a while to buy groceries because some stuff is cheaper there
Abkhazia, South Ossetia, Donbass, they're all to stop these countries from allying with the US.
This led the Croats into 2 failed states, years of oppression and numerous crimes against them
You must prove your worth in Eurovision first!
In Croatia too
Say hello to the driver
Meanwhile, there are plenty of muslim countries that fit the criteria.
At least in Croatian as far as I know and our online dictionary says, ćuprija=most and there is no other meaning for it
As a Croatian, I assure you that the British tourists are the least liked tourist group in my country
What I do know is that everyone says that there are more benefits to the Euro
cArS bAd
[Back side]
Unemployment 30 %. Drunks everywhere
Lol there's so many of them that when we went there we even stopped noticing, wasn't even funny later
But at the same time Davor Šuker could be Dado, there are no rules in choosing between the name or the surname, it just depends what the kids start using when you're young and that one usually sticks
Government Considering Ban on Symbols of Totalitarian Regimes
[Our historians say it wasn't used in the opera, btw]
I hope we buy Dassault Raffale at the end
They completely fucked Bosnia and parts of Croatia by doing nothing.
Target Al Jazeera
wait a minute
In fact, Locke argued that the main purpose of the government is to defend life, liberty and property.
At least ours were protecting our country, rather than fighting for oil on the other side of the world
Thing is if I travel to western country  Italy is always a country that I need to pass, so after being in a state of half hunger after Spain or France Italy is a first stop where I stuff food into myself
While not entirely comparable to nuclear MAD of the later 20th century, there was a significant fear of war and the devastating effects it would have on a very financially and economically interconnected Europe
When the sex is sus
Paris proper just has a way narrower definition and only includes the city center
Existing
Lol, psyche, we slaughtered each other recently
Just look at the unity it brought to us, as well as the world's spotlight on us
Life is more intresting when you have something to fuck you like a work but with money that I would win I would take brakes from work when ever I wanted
” (Birdie
In 1660s Croatian’ soldiers (mercs) went to fight for France
**Youtube live**:
UK is testing close to 10,000 every day if you have symptoms - I think they're doing well
Here you can find the old croatian language pronounced.
I love two Serbian patriotic songs from World War 1, despite the fact that Croats fought on the opposing Habsburg side
Morbi molestie nisl ut enim mollis, volutpat tincidunt ante feugiat
Ehm that's a different water-polo
Real Estate is a cornerstone of their business but it's not as big outside the States and virtually nonexistent in the East block
Also, on my senior trip to Czechia we went to a Becherovka factory in Karlovy vary
Ackchyually it's neo-Gothic
In my high school you can write any way you want in book but on tests you must write in cursive
They killed the heir apparent of Austria-Hungary and his wife.
I promise to walk with a flag and a checkered hat
My sister has one on her nose and noone seems t ogive a damn
It has since been rebuilt but has less than half of its pre-war population and many buildings are still scarred by the battle
Also, I'm not Norwegian, but this guy is just pure fun
Taht's what happens when technician is your father
Is Finland the Cleveland of Europe?
Lol, so you're calling cabbage "zelje" as well
Nice :)
How I studied German (aka the show with the best car crashes)
That's what I dont understand
Perhaps they could buy one east Indian shipyard as well, for naming purposes.
I would agree with you
croatian
Last 3, scientists, not celebrities
I'd much rather recommend ''Sokol ga nije volio'' or in English, "Sokol did not like him", it shows just how much Croatia was torn between two differing ideologies during 2nd world war, two ideologies that for a simple man living in rural area did not mean nothing, but still took everything from him
Though the loss of the Zrinskis in their failed plot was an even greater blow, as it wiped out the last powerful family in Croatia
They are all the same and either about their size or coast length.
And of course, yearly competitions to see who can perfectly pronounce it
Paradeiser - paradajz
Also, wasn't Venice an independent republic until the 19th century?
The UK is planning to pay £30bn to upgrade Trident.
So:
Facial reconstruction of a paleolithic European woman(13 000 BC)
Edit: And how could I forget our dear neighbours, Slovenia
And I’m sure it will stay one of the safest cities
Croatian with approximate translations from [HJP]
Croatia has a lot of surnames like - ić
And that is exactly what happend
How many would do it if money wasn't involved
In Europe there are social-democrats, liberals, conservatives, greens, leftists, christian-democrats,...
I overslept thinking it was a dream
I mean I agree Yugoslavia exploded in a million pieces but that doesn't stop me from being offended
It's debatable
First and last k are pronounced the same
Nah
when Greece, Italy or others need it.
But the rest of the country seems really good but I'm not going in there as long as hes there
Yes, with the same level of success as your guys
Only during the night
Well your country is building the highest orthodox church in the world.
Newly employed secretary who just can't seem to stop trying to suck up to Germany in every concievable way
So let me get this straight because i never understood it properly:
It was Nazi abomination that Croats don’t recognize
So that if Trump withdraws from NATO and Russia launches an invasion on Europe nation states can be picked off one by one?
Zrakoplov isn't the same as avion
Fuck, I'm laughing so hard
how do you say šišmiš lol
Things are slowly changing, but we still have long way to go.
Upping your charisma skill and persistently meeting new people will ensure that you'll find your language sensei
What you meant to say is the city with highest population of poles after warsaw
Its not free, we pay it through taxes
Well they are in the Finno-Ugric language group, so that makes sense...
Jesus fuck, that's a lot of fuel
I went to check on my grandpa but he was fine
There are also lots of sources that aren't biblical, both Cristian and non-Christian
Also when you come back in the afternoon, make sure to tell complain about staying longer at work despite not doing anything
God I've never seen a dirtier capital city
It means ''vulgar'' in Croatian
His mother died and him and his father moved to Germany after the civil war and revolution.
Serbo-Croatian (oh boi why did I write it like that) is 100% phonetically written
And I can't really guess about the continental preference since I haven't been to every country in Europe
Vestibulum sit amet tellus bibendum lectus pharetra condimentum
Is Germany Getting Ready to Build Its Very Own Stealth Fighter?
Same in Croatian
Great customer service, terrible planes
That's because every time I drive through Slovenia, it's dark outside!
They were returning the MIG to base after the public military expo that was held that day on Jarun.
It's written in the way it's said
We're building artificial intelligence.
They look fine compared to communist brutalism
Just here to reserve my spot,carry on.
I think this is actually a pretty dumb sentiment
Ustasha regime in WW2
You would fight differently to utilize those and you would avoid these kinds of direct clashes, I'd imagine.
the rest not so much
Austro-Ugarska monarhija in Croatian
We call the meals ''gablec'' if you are from mainland or ''marenda'' if you are on the coast
>try to preserve your own dignity by not abusing weak and damaged humans
I've been told I look Dutch (even though I'm pretty short)
I mean, Microsoft ditched Windows Phone (and Windows 10 Mobile) because it was a disaster and decided to stick with Android
But I'm not a good person to ask this, I'm a horribly picky eater
in Croatian, the word we use for castle (dvorac) is used for a large estate where a member of nobility lived, for example, [Eltz family castle in Vukovar] However, it would be more akin to a manor, I think.
Yes
To me, it sounds like a Scot trying to speak German but he keeps randomly throwing words of Hebrew in
I'd love to name my kid bjorn but people would just think that i'm a self centered hipster
I would say slightly less prevelant
I'd say even less than that
We sent a majority Serbian delegation to Belgrade to negotiate the way Croatia (State of Slovenes, Croats and Serbs) would join Serbia with a paper dictating Croatian stances on crucial points of the union (federative territorial arrangement, parliamentary monarchy and such stuff
I wish I could fire the guy who wrote this.
(No, Russia indeed does not, and has never existed
Seems the further away you were from the Soviets and Ottomans the better things worked out
Secularity is only a sentence in the Constitution
Matica hrvatska was founded in 1842 with the purpose of promoting national and cultural identity in the fields of artistic, scientific and spiritual creativity, economy and public life, and care for social development
Europe <3
And by the looks of it, some serious money is coming from middle east for support of Muslim in BiH so somebody is counting on new clash down here
Is it a problem for veterinary worker aswell do you need to have something to cover or are there no problems at all
What a fucking hero
Vast majority of USA seems rather boring
I thought people from adriatic (especially northern where there's more italian influence) know about their pasta and respect the sanctity of it
On the other hand we also had a [prime minister] who was Croatian Canadian (born in Zagreb though), not even elected but agreed upon by a coalition, his struggle with language and his gaffes were often joked about (he started his mandate by saying "he will serve the buildings" instead of citizens - *građevine/građani*; and once for a punchline in a speech he obviously google-translated word by word "keep calm and govern on" with "*ostati mirni i vladaju na*" which made absolutely no sense) but I wouldn't say he was disliked for it
Well, the Croatian language is full of Germanisms
Look at these virgins being healthy
I would like to visit Reykjavik, Dublin and Berlin.
And what's even sadder, all those generals, politicians etc
I work in the air traffic control and when we go to take a shit we say "i'm going to give a release for descent".
Yes, even villages but to be fair in Baranja there are a lot of Hungarians too and not just there also a few villages in the heart of Slavonia like Laslovo/Laszlovo  or Korođ/Korogy
We are covered in German towels.
I did not mean agenda in the sense that it was propaganda, I meant agenda in the sense of purposeful showcase.
Poreč - Parenzo
At the same time, despite all the talk about a single digital market, half of Europe (you guess which half) is constantly treated like a damned hellzone when it comes to access to those same digital services - from the "We do not ship here" to the "no iTunes store for your country" all the way to the "Stripe is not available in your country".
Though this one is much more than just lamguage, it includes it in its "mission".
It's the first Croatian city on the Adriatic coast (founded by Croatian kind Petar Krešimir IV.
Detroit is still a city in which people are living
Any combination of English words that sort of make sense are printed on those shirts
Don't we all hate politics
"Halo"
Pffff, there's only one correct answer to this question
This just sums up how the most of americans does not know geography
There is some kind of a chance now
Take this fucking map of yours and change Croatia from "less developed" to "idiotically underdeveloped" right now
I find it funny how we accuse Americans of this, but you correctly said the anglosphere
It sound like a Russian-Croatian mix without any vowels whatsoever
I would never have thought it would be that good
I'm repeating my arguments from other threads, but anyways
5h bus trip
Also, we have different names for months
Many of "us" actually did because many Croats (33%) served in the Partizan army.
According to Streetview, it was already used on government buildings in 2011.
There some in the area of the former Vojna Krajina (Banija, Kordun,Lika etc
The story is also very dependent on the old style humor which can be a turn off for some
U je za Uvijek tu (U is for always nearby)
Split; Second largest, de-facto capital of the littoral part of the country
How many people did get hurt
Using that logic France and UK started WW2.
I disagree with you
> people who are more than happy to defend these assholes
So does every other Leaver and so does every Remain voter as well and the deal you're going to get is the one that pisses of the smallest number of people.
Our first president, Franjo Tuđman, ruled throughout the 90s and abused his wide-ranging powers
And recognizing kosovo feels like a political suicide in serbia, whoever does it will probably be branded as a traitor by most so what do you think will be a solution to this problem
I do have the option of going by bus but it takes way longer (45 minutes between cities and then catching the local bus to the other side of the city - I'm guessing it would take me about 90 minutes, if not even longer)
Something different and unique
Biased as hell but it is a nice one
That's bullshit just look at Syria.
I guess he translated it directly from the german word ["unsicherer".]
Here in Croatia its one of the better ones
not German
That would be a huge achievement, but changing the standard language in the whole country is unnecessary and unrealistic, since people outside of the Kajkavian regions wouldn't be interested in learning a new dialect/language.
You don't need to be religious to believe in god though.
**Ancient**
Submerge
My dad still has a belt buckle with a GDR coat of arms on it
So, if a Serb is speaking Standard Serbian I could understand them much better than they could me
Separate and do what exactly?
And for every Viennese and Austrian person who will feel violated by this senseless act
Osijek and basically whole Slavonija region
I don't see him and other people capable for doing such crimes as persons
[Shame 10 000 Antifa did not interviene and declared victory over the fashist masses]
The Czechs cannot be allowed to continue to abandon their fellow Catholic Slavs - time for the Poles, Slovaks, Slovenes and Croats to form a military coalition I think
Switzerland - too expensive , and Germany for the time being , maybe in a 10 years or so when the situation normalises.
Discussions about how and where the atomic bombs were to be used happened long before they even hit the drawing board.
The EU is the best thing that happened to Croatian politics since the end of the war.
Albanians destroying old churches and attacking serbian people on the streets
He doesn't care about how bad the pandemic is, how many people will die, or how many world countries will suffer socioeconomicallly from the outbreak
Kraljevica shipyard bankrupted a couple of years ago
I am aware that knife is a weapon - if one pushes the definition to the absurdity, a chopstick may be a weapon - but I believe that guns belong to category of "fire weapons" (at least that is how those are classified here in Croatia).
When you're a kid, you don't give half a shit where your free candy is from.
scorched earth) unless you want to "cleanse" the territory of all opposition.
Few months ago I saw a girl from my high school which took money from the ATM and I was shocked and confused
I don't see a gelato in this photo
I mean keyboard input and layout is the same
But you guys didn't have Tudman and Sanader
Uhhhhhhh
Hurricane level Bura wind in Croatia (up to 200 km/h), 06.01.2017
Its same in croatia
To anyone not from Ireland they can just say that they're Irish.
i don't see her placing beach towels on sun chairs at 6am to "reserve" them
Of course 1.3 million us soldiers were crucial but i was pointing out that it could have gone both ways until the summer of 1918
In Tvrđa itself you have cobblestone streets with old classy buildings all around with schools everywhere
You pointed out a Croatian news article, for wich you claimed that it says that we have bigger problems than you do
Macedonia's President Ivanov blocks Social Democrat government
Glad he did that because Tesla didn't really have a lot money to do his works
I'll give you that the way it's written is too self-important...
I didn't know that it's well know in Serbia as well, that is very cool
Pretty much what I meant
Also our handball teams faced each other so many times at the highest stages that we developed a sporting rivalry with you
Nobody:
Congrats on remaining a country for this long.
Mediterranean cuisine is full of local herbs and spices
S obzirom da mi stara to ne radi, ne
There is also the word "kladivec", mostly used in the Northern/central parts of Croatia
IIRC There was not one death due to the change
In a nutshell, as much as they are same or similar, we cannot hide where do we come from when we start to speak
Even though it is very hard to read and that just makes it an automatic turn off, I still very enjoyed the story and  that it uses these characters to send a message to the Dubrovnik nobility
when I watched bro(e)n, it seemed people from Malmö and Copenhagen could understand each other...
But none of them are as popular as Dubrovnik, so I don't think that's what they meant.
There's a difference between Eslalit and Benelux and that's that one of the countries in the Benelux is made up
Police, tram conducters, TV licence incasators, journalists, bankers, judges and lawyers
Pecs itself is on a mountain basin and has the usual Austro-Hungarian architecture with the town hall being very beautiful and the old town is self is charming with parks,squares and statues everywhere
For example, using a word that has roots in the German or English language would be incorrect and you'd have to find another word that has roots in the aforementioned ones
You guys have a pretty awesome industry for the size.
You'd change your mind driving your bike in Croatia
Well you could also add to that the King of Yugoslavia's dictatorship
You are right, but still I mean a McDonalds worker in Verona
Croat here, also attended "gimnazija" and was taught the grammar school translation
Slovenian yellow pages fit on a flyer.
Yes, yes I live there, we experienced some scientific heating for mosquitoes to get them dead
Well, progressive in its name is as meaningful as socialism is in the name of the Nazi Party
If we don't deal with it, we're done for
I don't see France in the state of war, or Spain, or Belgium.
> I went as far away as possible as soon as I could
Croatian:
Contrast that with various Eastern European countries who did not have colonies.
Someone would have the mad cow disease, and they would be ew to touch
No matter how nice you treated Romanians or Serbs and how much language rights you gave them, if given a choice between their mother country and Hungary they'd always choose their mother country
It doesn't matter that a poor, uneducated person in one country acts much the same as a poor uneducated person in another, simply because one country has more poor uneducated people it will be seen as a country with a culture of poverty and ignorance, reguardless of external factors that may have created the situation
Slovenia you don't need to be shy, we're single
If it's of any value to you, I met plenty of Germans who spoke very good Croatian (B2 level), so if those Germanic-speaking folks that are notorious for being bad at foreign languages can pull it off, I've no shred of a doubt you can do it too
oh shit, is it the Vandersexxx
By digging a pit followed by swift shooting
(One comment seemed to say that the referendum was binding in practice, the other that *technically* Westminister could have ignored it anyways.
Especially as there is that one thing called self-determination
Well, Hitler was a moron and chose Stalingrad instead.
It is when Islam ceases to be just a religion and becomes political ideology,
It is a witch with a big nose and horns
When they use the word whom, or the word fewer instead of less when referring to countable nouns (as in "there are fewer people in the room", instead of "there are less people in the room)
Basque language sounds like a Spaniard speaking an encrypted version of spanish
It looks like it was made in MS paint
Well, isnt that how dialects work all around the world
People from other parts of Croatia call it water and make me and many other people very annoyed while the think we are irational lol
In Croatian we have “špansko selo”, translated as Spanish village
I remember it like it was yesterday
Modern monarchs except Elizabeth are refered in their original
This sums up pretty well
Is "typical" and "classic" the only word you fucking know?
TFW Tesla is actually a Croat
Like [THIS] having both the colours AND the chequy
You are wrong, those are separate matters and decision has already been made of keeping this ability.
Sure, Frenchmen and Belgians commit crimes too, however, they usually aren't in a holy war against the whole of France, Belgium and the rest of the Western world.
kuda - "where" in the context of direction
revolution, Croatian-Hungarian settlement of 1868
Europe desperetaly needs a massive protest which will succeed in fullfiling its goal
To think that we still had Avars living among us back then...
* Zadar: they just don't seem to care
It's a relativley small "continent" holding a relativley large amount of people
They were horrible noone disputes that.
Lol
” (Good day, who are you
Edit: Apparently the fall of the spire spread the fire to the entire interior
But they choose not to
I have been watching this gif for hours now, nothing's happening
But in general I have many friends in the US and I love it there
I really doubt
No, you didn't see [the cropped out part of that photo]
Therefore we had marketing
super pretty
Aldi Süd has indisputably a better logo
The question is are people in rich countries willing to see their tax money going south.
Ante pavelic, give me a fucking break
Coming there in May, it still had snow and it was the most beautiful scenery I've ever seen in my life
Other parts of Croatia differ, as northern Croats are very much central Europe and Dalmatians are southern
This basically underlines a simple fact.
Mum was really freaked out, and we have been locking the door since then
North-East Munich, Germany
if serbocroatian does dissapear it will be because of decresing populations and the fact some immigrants dont teach their children to speak serbocroatiam not becuse of english
One of my fav classical pieces, I still remember vividly my music professor in high school explaining different parts of the piece and how they represent different flows of the river or the events around it and being mind blown
Can we make this the new first/second/third world division
Haha
This town looks so epic in the 3D view of Google Maps
Considering Istria is more liberal and left wing then rest of the country it certainly makes sense for them to do that
inb4 Cyprus becomes nuclear power in exchange for decades long supply of halloumi.
At least here, the -sko, or to be more correct in this case, -ko goes for adjectives.
Central Europe, yes
I mean you could probably find some of those kind of laws online, but not in one place, and even then it will be scanned books, rarely OCR-ed.
Having people check who gets in/out of your borders isnt extreme in any way, its normal, and destroying the quality of life for the people who allready live in EU so that the migrants can live off of your wellfare and the attack, rape and murder is something the government should be lynched over.
Davor - Croatian/Slavic god of war
Our country is very important in tourism aspect
I can actually see that can be very useful in a recipe.
A engineering marvel of Croatian navy, fast battleship Bura
EDIT:typo
Vestibulum consequat cursus semper
Not to mention that Poland's economy isn't growing at some astronomical rate that would make them the biggest economy in 30 years
And it's not like 100% of the blame lies in colonization as a lot of problems arose later or could have been solved relatively easily.
I hope this wasn't all to confusing but it probably is
Vukovar was economicly one of the better towns in Yugoslavia.
The best one so far lol
our prime minister of that time welcoming tourists:
Any way you prefer, be it traditional coutry music, turbofolk, (yugo-)rock, rap or other contemporary genres, it's emotional, but direct, right on target
They did receive great number of immigrants, so I would say many would like to live there.
Almost any decision will screw over some people.
Military owns a huge chunk of that land and they have no interest in tourism, their focus is elsewhere
Ban Jelačić statue (gotta assert Zagreb dominance)
While there was a lack of trust between Anglo-French and Russians both deals started at the same time.
Zašto pisati "padeži" ako postoji engleska riječ za to ("cases"), te ako pišeš na engleskom, piši do kraja na engleskom
Thanks for enduring common hardships of the time with us(Mongols, Ottomans, Venice an the like)
It has improved for me
I always thought you were like any other Slavs
I bet he can speak Bosnian and Croatian
>Palm trees and beaches won't pay your bills or **fill the holes in your life**
Correct me if I'm wrong but the direct competitor to the M1 would be something like the t-72 which is literally crap.
To me it's so wierd how the queen is Elizabeta II but her sons and grandsons are Charles, Harry
Of course I need to learn grammar to use the language properly
Nothing to be salty about
[At least 3 Euronet ATMs] in Slovakia, there probably other non-bank ATMs
After we've been stripped of them for peanuts,
All embrace me, It’s my time to rule at last
you asked for it, baba milka was internet star
At least for me while growing up, I would hear so many tales about fairies
stuff like diet, genetic diseases etc, well it's not *that* hard to isolate in some study, right?
Looks like the perfect desktop wallpaper.
It went right wayyyy before that.
''*It's not the French or English army that saved you in WW2, it was the Soviets!*''
That's absolutely true, but it is still a lot nearer to a solution than outright denying the science
I mean, we pay 80kn (cca 10gbp) and still hate it
Sounds like a Croatian Merkel ...
What's the point of living life if you truly think everything is out of your control
10+ year old song, but it's still so so pleasing
EDIT: Typos
If you went into tourist heavy areas which are on coast you wont even see a muslim.
Serbs are devils but secretly **everyone loves their women.**
I live in Ireland but i am from BiH/Cro
turned out that it's not an unfair perception (cough, Brexit).
Eastern Europe only likes immigration if it's about their people moving abroad.
*Here is an article in english ["Uhljeb – a post-socialist homo croaticus: a personification of the economy of favours in Croatia
So take it with a grain of salt.
As for the furry friends, no preference really
I promise to walk with a flag and a checkered hat
In my local bar, you can pour water in your glass over the bar if a lot of people are being served currently, altough it's a small bar where most of the time people from village only come
Flew with Aegean few times
I was actually thinking on ospice
No chewing gum
It was probably a gradual process that lasted through several centuries
Yup
Enforce borders and this will not happen.
I hate wooden windows
Dubrovnik has a US [university] my sister went there for 3 years and finished the 4th in the USA.
You'll see how power affects your behavior.
Austria had no interest in annexing parts of Croatia, so I chose ze Austrians over the Italians.
Don't know, think yes sometimes could work
EU overall is already an economical superpower
According to EMSC it was felt in Pazin and Rijeka as well.
But chasing a hog with piglets
That's true but can it be done
Pick one" - random Berber guy, 7th century.
Alps are stunning
"Hoda ko da je svjet osvojio"
Slowly expanding in area from Dalmatian coast towards Panonian basin, supposedly it was a strong naval force in the region.
He looks retard af
Of bigger cities i would sadly say Rijeka
i mean they're all over the place, hard to keep up
Džon mejd hiz vej tu ej tevrn tru d dark forest, onli tu fajnd aut dat hi forgot d mani
I guess
There is simply no way some of these statements are true for Croatia
You can block the suspension on the fork so it acts like a city bike
Why poor
The rest is varying amount of outrage
Give me a minute, bro
And yes, we are thought either German, English or Italian (depending on the region) from first grade all the way to high school until graduation
So, we're back to a regular insanity dosage as of January
Not really a building, but the walls of Dubrovnik are very famous, combined with Dubrovnik as a whole
Lol "established croatia in ww2". As a puppet state maybe
Cak i u Zagrebu kazu Norijada
People might not know this but Dubrovnik, Croatia was actually Kings Landing from the popular tv show called Game of Seats or something like that
As the tag says, this isn't about acceptance (even though I don't remember that people complained about the LGBT parade here in Zagreb).
Serbia has about half the murders and 1/28th the rapes per capita compared to the US
Gay couples could not
You know it's made by a Croat when they say "I'm very proud of him" to a drawing
plus the other two ''dialects'' that they teach us are considered to be dialects of Croatian only by our linguists, while all other linguists insist they are separate languages (Kajkavian and Chakavian)
I guess "always" started in 1918
Just because you dislike something doesn't make it okay to want to ignore that something
People need time, wounds caused by atrocities of war dont heal that fast
That's still just one beer per day per capita
And that is not arrogance
I can see why it is seen as distasteful but there was no need to beat the guy
One thing more was the foreign policy, the namely non-aligned movement, which opened a big window for the companies to go on the world market and compete for the projects
Also, Solar/Wind Energy would be a good thing to develop, considering America has one of the best renewable energy sources potential, unlike the rest of the Western world
It's actually fairly weird how close that is 1 BC is to the actual birth of Christ, considering we started counting dates from his birth more than 500 years after he was born
It's just because of the laws there Google is not allowed to display them
This should be on r/africa
Zagreb university hospital, several roads, tunnels & bridges that lead to nowhere (for example Vukelićev most, most preko Drave or Omiš tunnel), Spaladium arena in Split, Sisak sports hall, Slijeme funicular in Zagreb (although it‘s under construction now) and so on
they do in size when compared to europe (ok, europe is inflated and distorted, but you get my point)
oh you said EU only
The example is the so called bosnian language where they use **everything**. They accept all the rules from both serbian and croatian
As far as I know, they do not cooperate that much
Thanks for burek
Sterted im kindergarten when I was 3
I dont think you can get stoned by eating fresh marihuana leaves so maybe the sheep were just being dicks
This post was meant to show the grim past, but also the better today and future.
Ireland re-invents word "poor quality" when it comes to Europe
Continental Croatia as a whole
EU will just do it's usual sanction thing,write an angry letter and then do not much else while US will do nothing at all due to the current president
Not in large numbers, no
&#x200B;
I think some people usually draw Croatia similar ro Nepal with teeth trying to eat Bosnia but it is a beatiful map anyway :D. Also maps without Iceland but we don't have to talk about that
i don't mean to offend anyone but the stereotypes are kinda true, most of the time, that is
I once watched a movie which I liked, but the language wasn't familiar
> our foreign minister only speaks one language, Serbian
He even twenty years filmed an erotic movie [Ann and Eve] here
Literally translated it means "He who digs a hole beneath someone falls in it himself" Basicallydon't sabotage others
Also they don't speak any foreign languages
It is essential
Best place to visit, worst to live in.
However, I would propose the baroque city of Karlovac to be new capital of Croatia
In other words, draft is not acceptable.
That being said I still prefer to have company while eating out, but that’s personal preference
Altough you will have a hard time finding English translation for this movie so Metastaze might be good replacement for it, so backstory for metastaze is a life of army veteran with ptsp that is also football hooligan and fairly racist
I was there on a school trip years ago, only there wasn't any snow
This does not mean that they weren't equally horrible but this is no reason for "alternate" facts.
I don't really know how to respond to that
The point isn't that a run off could have a different result.
As I've linked in my other reply they do exist, [Euronet exists in Slovakia]
Without any knowledge in finnish to me Rauma dialect just sounds regulsr finnish
Funny thing is that both my sis and I have a 3 letters name so we don’t actually need no nicknames
Sounds better than "welp that person just went into nothingness". As an agnostic, I don't mind people believing in the afterlife, but what triggers me is the "what can you do, that's life, it had to be that way". The amount of people who believe in destiny is ridiculous
Both are children's book movie adaptations but they're both very good
The USSR was actually the last country to sign it, also USSR wanted to form anti-Hitler pact in the early 30s but western european countries refused that
But I must say, those who have worked hard and fairly don't do it as much the upstart ones
In the coast, italian is also prevalent, while in the inside german takes its place
more like you can't unsee it...
EU official: Greece’s primary surplus in 2016 higher than forecast
There some in the area of the former Vojna Krajina (Banija, Kordun,Lika etc
Nah, it's mostly the Czechs who do that kind of stuff here
What exactly did you think it would achieve
We've had solar panels for a while and tonnes of research has been done on how to best place them.
They even had a little [dress-up party]
Is that normal or something
I actually find it much better than the original cola, you should try the lime&ginger or tangerine cockta, if you don't like the original one.
Right-wing of course wholeheartedly support the thing but the left is too cowardly to make even lukewarm stance on it, tricky thing is then they should bring in the question of Vatican contracts under which R.E. is enforced in public schools, and much more and that is a whole big can of worms that again undermine constitution IMO and even sovereignty of Croatia as a country
So, we go for drinks, ćevapi (a type of local dish), pancakes, cheap swimming pools, we go to shopping there and for cheap gas and cigarettes
same shit happened in RI with The Station, there was even a compression that said that normal (flammable) sound isolation costs 2500$ to cover the whole club
Subliminal propaganda strikes again.
To me Hungarian has a specific melody unlike other languages, maybe a bit like Turkish (thanks Turkish soap operas).
Not to mention people don't even know their own religion
I dislike going there because I never seem to find what I’m looking for
I'd be ok with that, rather than the current system of arbitrarily removing based on what gives bad publicity.
Amazing how you felt the need to fire up your alt (I assume) to share this bit of well-explained wisdom...
And it shines lighten by the sun
I really don’t mind if a foreigner just says hello in my language and even if they do only that, I’ll know by pronounciation they’re not native Croatian speakers
*Quo vadis
Why on Earth would we ever tolerate foreigners, a mayority of whom are openly against our Union to have a voice in it?
Secondary it's too deadly which causes it to burn itself out.
There is no rail track any more from Karlovac to Sisak
>Yes, but also, if you have to use word sex, its have sex (imati seks), but it really is wierd
This just gave me an idea of an action-adventure game about an immortal European who fights with the Romans, the Franks, the Vikings, in the 30 Years war, WWI and WWII etc
[Here they are]
I do believe actors, musicians and etc
There's a difference between Eslalit and Benelux and that's that one of the countries in the Benelux is made up
His generals built roads, schools and the French published the first Croatian newspaper in Zadar (even though it was bilingual and in Italian as well)
Not sure about justifiable, that could be a point for a really long debate.
So in my home-canton (region) im the croat, but in other cantons i'm the dude from "my homecanton"
Or maybe its all the oil in norway's case
We had DOZENS of companies like that in my town
No you don't get it
cannot repay your pure beauty
We have Panonija, Slavonija, Lika, Dalmacija, Gorski Kotar and Istra
Sydney homes on average cost a million and Sydney isn't really that great.
Last time it happened in 2017
The USSR could have defeated Germany on their own
Topkek, keep telling yourself your sad stories
So, just because they subjugated a majority of Ossetians, they have a claim to subjugating all of them?
Ummmmm
I just love the amount of non-native languages mentioned here, very amusing
Yes, if they are in Eurovision they are European to me.
I have a couple of friends from subtropical/tropical countries and my envy is immeasurable
“Is you father a glazier” when you stand infront of a TV
Oh my God, this game
This sums up pretty well
Apsolutely, in smaller towns it is completely normal to say hi to everyone on the streets
Call their bluff
If anybody else has a problem, you can go solve your own damn problem
[Atomsko Sklonište - Pomorac sam majko]
Now you know this guy is not sane
You can live there with basic english no problem at all
Dont get me wrong, i like germany as a nation and i have a lot of german friends but i'm just not used to your mentality
In my experience, price and ease of travel frequently outweigh speed when considering the mode of transportation
Smooth spanish braille signs is a good band name
Not top tier, but solid middle of the road European chocolate which puts it solidly in the global top 25%
I myself have learned a bit of Slovenian just for fun and to get around when visiting
We have that
But at a glance it works out for
**Germans**: if old then they can be seen on a beach, always (and i mean always) on a chair or something like that, under an umbrella, very red and sun burnt
It's that or a stinky alley
were huge rednecks and also they armed plenty of criminals to fight for them, and whole nation followed them and commanded them
Saying stuff like "oh you're really clean for someone from a thrid world country"
Just (the name of the ten) + i (and in Serbo-Croatian) + (digit)
"Yeah, just another Tuesday, why do you ask
Just yesterday we had a debate on our sub about it
Also probably a couple of albanians.
other slavic languages have it for sure, but i like how there are 3 different words for "where" in croatian
I would say Rijeka since the other cities on the coast suffered from the lack of tourists and Rijeka isn't really a tourist city
Bigger cities and places on the coast have tourism as a fall back, these are stuck
It broke my heart when people approached him and asked if he wanted an ambulance (as he was seriously hurt) after which he replied he doesnt want one as he is unable to afford it
I live in Ireland but i am from BiH/Cro
It's the most pragmatic solution, yes.
Blame Russia for it
also, i'm talking about grown ass men, kids in school probably care about their phones
How so they keep the paint on the walls so clean white
5 km which is pretty shallow, which means that it was felt a lot more
Seems to me it is a defining moment for *the world*, not only France
Russia/USSR did not wage a war against Baltic independence, that's my point, there were only sporadic massacres by the KGB and police, not full-scale military campaigns.
There is a spin off after the new testament called game of thrones
or shares the waters with us
Is this attempt to say something and place /s at end so it appears people actually say this?
Is it not a country
The overall average iv'e seen regular folk earning is usually at around 500-600 euros a month back home, with the next tier being at 600-750
* Tourists are overcharged a lot of things
as an amputee I can say that that's not fun
Yet I've had amazing ćevapčići at little hole-in-the-wall places.
Both langaugaes are widely taught in schools and used to communicate with tourists during summer season
Not German, but I may have a solution to this
What was your country's historical moment that was so ridiculous you couldn't believe it when you heard about it
Also, living in the far eastern parts I can actually see the entire mountain and at the edge of my neighbourhood you can really have a wonderful view of it
If you have rather great number asylum appliers from couple of countries year after year, and almost all of them are denied, then there should at least be some sort of mechanism to thwart that kind of behaviour.
Well Space is oddly connected to all of them.
Tbh we also have veterans here but we don't make such a big deal out of it
Iskreno prvi put cujem za tipa, nije naveden pod clanove dregera ali kad njega guglam pise da je jedan od osnivaca, sta god to bilo
That’s just communists bull crap tbh
It is also a result feom way back when Bulgars concured Serbia in 10
Slovenc je tat :D
I personally dont use anything for thousands (maybe space if its illegible)
Also canceling mandatory military service for every male citizen.
The most problematic would be finding out if someone has a j in the name or not, eg Mija or Mia, Andreja or Andrea, Marijo or Mario
Well, not exactly a loophole in the strict sense, but its a "fun" thing in croatia that gets mentioned every time someone big gets sentenced
This might be a bit too far but in dalmatian dialetct you can almost have a conversation with only a,e,i,o,u.
Sry I'm on a horrible mobile connection.
Do not, my friends, become addicted to Euro.
fucksake i'm stupid
We also eat soup every day here in Croatia
Disclaimer: I regard celebrities only as persons who are famous because they are famous, ie
It is already in production, even if there are delays, it matters little, since the US and the rest do not even have a fifth generation tank scheduled.
Most European countries that aren't paying enough are so small that even if they hit 2% it wouldn't make much of a difference, stop pretending that hitting 2% will solve everything.
Fusce rhoncus massa ut odio pretium, quis semper erat fringilla
Zagreb wouldn't change at all
Rome as well
That one day we'll be as prosperous as Switzerland
Such a peaceful town
It's almost exactly the same thing as with the US, the Pandora's box has been opened and there is no closing it.
I didn't say that I need to bow down to "gay people", I said to "you people" meaning people such as yourself who are advocating their rights by throwing hate at anyone whose opinions and stances do not mirror your own
TIL
Reading this makes me want to work at ESA even more
Like any large gatherings of people, trash will be left on the floor, to further hurt the environment
In Croatian you can also say *lako*.
I'd kill her right then and there
I recommend [Čudesna šuma] one of my favourites while growing up
this is the end”
Plus, when I say settled there I mean it in a 'planned' sense, like when Hungarians settled in the Pannonian basin i.e. when a large group of people with the same ethnic identity settle somewhere in a relatively short period of time
Yeah, damn those riots and devastation in Tokyo.
100 kn normal restaurant meal for one (drink, fries, grilled meat, cake), food for a nice meal for 4 at home (meat potatoes, veggies)
That something someone paid by Soros would say...
Absolute brainlets
We had a similar situation a few weeks ago where the opposition leader refused to participate
Our first president, Franjo Tuđman, ruled throughout the 90s and abused his wide-ranging powers
That's inhumane
At least we're not bored, eh
We will gladly steal Cockta from slovenians ;)
It was originally supposed to be like that, but Ljudevit Gaj finally agreed to the Shtokavian because it was closer to what most other South Slavs spoke.
This happens because the only condition for getting a pension like that is to have two eye witnesses, you can see how this might work
Like in your country, the virtue signaling tards are the loudest, doesnt mean its all we have.
The whole world is slowly going towards legalizing weed but you guys want to go in the opposite direction and ban everything that's bad for you
History, cousine, coast(*cough, cough*), culture, we are both Slavs
We were under nazi rule which obviously left quite an impact on us.
HDZ is anti-HDZ if you compare their rhetoric to what they actually do, but that's another subject.
Worried myself that wouldn't be able to find anyone, because really wanted to see some examples on croatian
I... I... I get unlimited data for that price
I wonder if the lunacy will ever get toned down and I end up seeing an actual leftist in the White House
Travelling is for the off season
How is this going to be good for Croatian shitty economy?
It weirds me out not putting it in the fridge
"Why aren't you thanking us for all the good we did?" "Why are you blaming us for all the things our ancestors allegedly did?"
000
Sam nastavite
On the other hand we also had a [prime minister] who was Croatian Canadian (born in Zagreb though), not even elected but agreed upon by a coalition, his struggle with language and his gaffes were often joked about (he started his mandate by saying "he will serve the buildings" instead of citizens - *građevine/građani*; and once for a punchline in a speech he obviously google-translated word by word "keep calm and govern on" with "*ostati mirni i vladaju na*" which made absolutely no sense) but I wouldn't say he was disliked for it
yeah but US will be droping theirs soon so it will be only EU but not all members are for new sanctions
But how would the rising price of oil help your average Russian, if all the oil has been stolen by the "fine capitalists"?
You don't get to cry for being an imprisoned nation while imprisoning another one yourself
all in all, quite a few options to say I don't care without saying the exact words
From burek and cevapi, to sarma and rakija
That person is either very, very dumb or is being bribed.
Even foreign, license made products
What if you're a younger son who married an only daughter, do you take your father in law's slava since nobody's there to inherit his
Why should I care about people that don't want to live in their own cultures, and would run away if something went "bad" in Europe and leave again?
For Croatia, the lowest point ever was definitely 2006 when we sent Severina with the utter trash of a song called [Moja štikla]
We also say monkey or "at"
It played a large role during our national revival in era of national awakenings in form of literary and cultural works
Except Chetnik war crimes from WW2 were outright ignored in Yugoslav history books and idea of Greater Serbia was never properly suppressed.
For current Periscope streams:
Did he care for basic human right- right to live while killing all those innocent people
That’s what I was told in calculus class, but I think the dot is the only decimal separator in mathematics, so that’s the reason our teacher used dots
Very true
We’d also be eyeing the cute Irish and smirking at England knowing how we did during the World Cup
It means River
rub - edge, brim;
I simply do not see an event in which RS is being surprised and occupied, by Croatia especially, in which Serbia does not intervene.
Morbi sit amet libero tortor
at the time I was working in the middle east for a major IT corporation from the USA, 90%+ of employees that were muslims were actually supportive and/or with the what did they expect (approving tone) attitude for those killings
Hands down *unsavoury* Germany in UMC
I used to like KFC as a kid, but nowdays they suck
[NBC live]
Kill the Saudis clean their cities.
Split: Dioclecians palace
"Rz" is like Croatian "Ž". Same thing
[insert meme]
It looks like it was made in MS paint
All our economic advantage was erased, and we were even reduced back to the seventies
It's horrible enough that we are losing one of architectural and history jewels of Europe right in front of our eyes
I initially read the other one as "overcucumbered" and thought it was just a silly in-game expression until I saw it in another game and read it properly, haha
During summer, some parts of Croatia have more Germans than Croats
well the first one usually leads to the second one
And was matriarch
You don't win war only on land, you need to win in on all 3 fronts and western allies only did it
In an ideal situation, a constitutional monarch is a living, breathing avatar of both the state and the nation, embodying centuries or millenia of history and tradition
can confirm
I thought people from adriatic (especially northern where there's more italian influence) know about their pasta and respect the sanctity of it
Which kinda proves that the goal was ethnic cleansing.
> small mistakes in a foreign language cause 3 kids
I just think that people are overreacting
The exact border might be debatable further north, but there, it's about as clear as it gets.
In the moment when eartquake hit, my only thought was “ok
Yup Sirnica is Bosnian
5, that's what our own institute has measured
Petersburg
Does this make the leavers separatist, and in turn, Farage their leader?
Haha Jbg eto sad znamo oboje da ima vise naziva za to
I love it when people that never came close to my country start telling me about how was it to live in it and what it was
I eat minced meat at home but if I pay restaurant prices I won't pay for overhyped minced meat over gill served with raw onion and spoon of ajvar along side
This is honestly tragic, Turkey is truly going in the same direction like many other Middle Eastern countries.
**Contemporary**
I think officially there is no line in regular letters
When it comes to domestic policies, that's America's issue
In what damn fantasy world do you live in ?
Believe it or not there was not a small number of creatures looking more or less like that one in the photo who came to Croatia to kill and loot during early stages of war.
Do colonies of Austria-Hungary count?
The right wing HDZ get so many donations from people in Australia, Canada and the US.
Are you crazy or trolling, or both?
I used to collect those stickers as a kid...never seen the cartoon though (Croatia) :D
We don't use it in a dying scenario, but in my area people often say "zagristi govno" (to bite the shit) when we have to swallow our pride and do something we are not proud of
Ahh good old fashioned Western xenophobia
Oh yes,us lot left in here are having such a great time
That's a good Winnie the Pooh
A life in a small box without human contact would be much more effective.
Support is for common sense
i don't think i know anyone who knows the lyircs from this song
We basically learn how to draw blueprints, how to work with breadboards etc
I personally did the following, I waited for my trial period to end and got the full contract on unspecified time period
But i was history nerd especially ww2
If 20% voted for him, and 20% for Hillary, that means that more then half of the population didn't vote
Tfw you live in Split and it could probably also hit here since the effects of the earthquake are spreading
i only remember hearing there were protests in serbia and bulgaria(idk if those are still happening)
I do believe actors, musicians and etc
However they eat late in the evening, portion sizes in a hotel were top notch ([like french would say] they like basketball, this is actually experience from Zagreb
was he part of a cell
Oh, I even heard that countries like Denmark, Norway, and Sweden are communist
Only 50 % of every country suck.
(Domobrani were the regular army of the ww2 nazi puppet state, and were generally considered useless in combat
But there are d3finetly better places too like all the islands thet exist, Lika and Gorski Kotar mountains, Zadar is very nice and Šibemik too
Croatia uses nuclear energy too, not sure why it can't be seen on the graph
Honestly, the tourists are missing out
You are supposedly fighting for gay people while simultanouesly displaying the hate that the very gay people are opressed by; Judgemental, prejudicial hate towards a group of people, which in your case is the people of Croatia
Congrats people, your idiotic lack of self restraint has made us lose the right to make fun of the Yanks
The measures concern human rights activists, who argue that stripping citizenship could be counterproductive or produce stateless people (though in most cases the suspect tends to be a dual national).
The idea that things like wealth are a product of a superior culture are little more than wishful thinking as it allows us to imagine that we could never be poor as it is in our nature to be rich and successful
Absence of nationalism and religion in public life, a secular republic and equality before the law
I wouldn't go so far as to take away their voting rights immediately after they leave, but for example my uncle moved to Canada 30 years ago, he has no plans to ever return here, and yet he still votes for who'll run the country.
In first class, elementary school
Because my friends dont even have time for home work sometimes
at 13 C I'll wear a thin jacket
Build like it was before(instead of wood use metal so no more fires),destroying a iconic church for Muh creativity and progress is just retarded
How tf do you guys say tjeralica
Zlatni rat beach in Croatia, before and after the latest storm in Dalmatia
And some in Turkey still deny that the genocide even happened....
Because they were three dominant religions in the ex-Yu area, it was also quite normal to hear of an atheist child, whose parents came from two different religions
r/AccidentalRenaissance in the upper right corner
I think you got it all wrong...
We don't really know where the word for our country and people comes from and what does it mean
>*I often dream of huge numb buildings*
It's been around 7.5 to Euro for years.
hearing Germans about visiting Poland and France is always mixed bag :D
Bosnia: Watching horrors with my cousin
In ullamcorper mauris dapibus velit sodales, in ullamcorper augue posuere
Lol, thats reddit in a nutshell.
That is the major flaw of Reddit for me
Depends on your countries law, check it.
Lots of Bosnian Serbs are Serbian citizens
Reason is cause everything is cheaper there
Yes, Croatian is already dying out and I believe that it will be replaced by English or that it will be heavily Anglicized
Kneževi Vinogradi-Croatian/Herzegszollos- Hungarian
Yeah, also continentality, oceanity, temperature inversion, etc.
Go bald dude it will suit you better
Oh look,it's fucking nowhere
I would call the first one even pretty
so there were two stacks
2/11 of our MEPs left the EU parliament a few months ago, one is now PM and the other is FM, so the new ones replaced them and I don't even know what they look like.
Then, I expect most would end up paying more, USA shoulders a disproportionate cost of NATO spending, while I don't think the same would happen in EU (or at least, not in the same measure).
Wheat Gives Birth = Žitorađa
“Break it, its not your fathers” when you slam something accidently and someone tells you mockingly that you threw or shut something too hard
I thought it was more like 70-80%
weird
Nullam nec sapien nec orci finibus auctor vulputate at quam
With luck and proper use of missile defense and first strikes Russia could only lose as low as 60% of it's population, US and EU lose at minimum 70% of population, EU alone is basically 100% due to the small land area and huge concentration of people
Its mostly popular on the coast while most people in the central Croatia never heard of it
Class aptent taciti sociosqu ad litora torquent per conubia nostra, per inceptos himenaeos
Tesla himself wasn't interested in this Us vs Them mojo, but since that goes against the flag-waving narrative...
but where would we go skiing when the winter comes
Unless the kid is overweight, cardiovascular risk only starts to increase around mid-20s
Domovinski pokret - far right, assembled around famous folk singer, mostly famous for their anti-communist, anti-Serbian, anti-gay rhetoric
Blackface is not controversial topic at all, and it's commonly seen in carnival season and in nativity plays (Caspar)
I'll edit my comment above, sorry
the first meme I saw said something about building a guillotine and I thought it was a joke, but this is turning out to be the 2nd French Revolution
There is a reason why the foreskin exists it isn't useless
Also, Baba Roga was a thing, which was used to scare children
I have to disagree
Did someone assign people to sectors or did they just handle the papers to the crowd
When Christians kill we don't say they're Christian.
"Duga" means both rainbow and long (female adjective)
Don't forget how Bandić handled the terrible earthquake that struck Zagreb this march
It's not only terribly unfair, it's outright stupid for the exact same reason flat out stopping women from doing certain jobs was stupid
See bottom right, this is standard German cards deck
It's common for Bosnians to say that we are uncultured savages for calling it Burek sa sirom
Not recognising Armenian genocide being one of them
" when making these assesments
Kind of and kind of not cause he took the Ragusa Republic down
Serbia will have it much easier because the EU want to keep them away from Russia.
We had a similar situation a few weeks ago where the opposition leader refused to participate
To each his own, but i was fucking ecstatic when i heard it's back.
if they're fat AND tattooed then they're germans for sure
I've been to Hungary several times, and I have some friends there, and I like it there - it's still a similar culture, cuisine, prices etc
UK can't blame EU for problems that led to Brexit, says Juncker
Yeah but you can be middle class and still live in a concrete commie building, in the Ex-Yu commie blocks are a sign of quality ( big wide streets, lots of parks, comfy buildings
Thats to true god dammit
There were some nasty stuff said about Croatia in English media and insults were thrown at our team
I cannot find any reliable source that this insignia is still used today (granted I haven't exactly tried too hard).
Yes, sometimes people don't even understand each other
The best solution would be stopping climate change
I wish the majority, which isn't buying the whole coronavirus show, could give them guys a place to be in so they don't bother us with playing into the covid situation in which they believe in, and the majority does not
It simply does not work, because if they're attacking you, they don't believe you, which means you have to nuke them and then they nuke you back.
Not to mention it at least officially served as the main excuse for the Serbians to start the war
Only if it is nationalist and identitarian in nature.
What everyone seems to forget is that the U.S. is a huge federal republic, with enormous differences between states
If you wanna see more on the subject, there is a popular Serbian movie called *Parada* (The Parade) released in 2011
This is opposite of tragic
Really ?
I feel for both girls
I live on the 6th floor
If it's in person, far away from europe then it usually ended with them saying "aaa, davor suker, really good". In the last 10ish years davor šuker was changed for luka modrić.
I hate the entire idea of "respecting veterans", but I didn't know that
I can bet that people in Spain still vote depending on whether their ancestors were republican or monarchist
Otherwise, we call the bowl školjka (seashell), and the room toalet (toilet) or WC
They're mostly small villages with old townfolk because everyone from there is migrating to the more developed regions
Sure, it is a very niche example, but I am fairly certain you will agree that having a sudden influx of labourers from Africa during the 1950s is vastly different to having generations of people move due to effects of colonialism and slavery
At the same time, Kristina, Katarina or Mirjana, which are more traditional names are getting rare
Every male kid wanted to probably
Very similar
Maybe [Istria]
I know what they are implying, but its not a genuine concern.
I mostly follow ours, but also this year I've been closely following the Belarus protests
And Stefan uses something similar to parachute, so
It's funny to me that you can even combine the suffixes for more names
The FBI was convinced that there is another Tito
A side note, many English speakers will say "**there's** less people in the room", at least Americans will
Being from northern Croatia, I feel the same as Slovenia
Fun fact back at you: something similar happened here in the end, too.
what kind of flags are those
I’ve never really heard of reporters here being biased
Those are just normal windows to me, funny how the guy in the video finds them so amazing
Zagreb has something for everyone and has a really nice vibe when you think about it
Three is more common
In felis tellus, rhoncus id felis vitae, ultrices tristique lorem
For artists that are still alive and popular, I would recommend Gibonni
You'd be surprised how much croatians want to consider themselves close to Italy
imagine having the balls to take candid photos of a probably very pissed stalin
yes he was for sure, but insane, that is a reach, I've been thinking habsburgs were rulers for some time and some of them were quite insanse
Longest fortification system in the world after the Chinese Great wall is in Ston
Not a good example on the whole, but I've heard Antony Hopkins's Romanian at the beginning of 1992 Dracula is pretty good
I also had to look up what it is, it's also a translation of our currency, kuna
It would be interesting to see the public opinion ...
No but as someone working in a field where everything is in english and it is de facto lingua franca, looking for terms in native language is such a pain
Hey
Don't forget the communists in Istria
Reserve whatever you want man,as long as noone already did.
KRAUT
I'd say in Croatia every city and town that is not on te coastline and isn't Zagreb is underrated like Varaždin, Osijek, Sisak and Vinkovci being examples but Osijek mostly since it has a swamp nature reserve a few kilometers from there, the tallest concathedral after the Zagreb cathedral was shortened, beatiful river with a path along it,  a cool bridge, the best cuisine in Croatia(arguable but true) and generally a beatiful Austro-Hungarian city with an old town fort(Tvrđa) in the center near the river
Zagreb, my hometown, is a nice mix of an old city core and brutal suburbian socialist architecture.
There were also Domobrani in Austria-Hungary, those were the Croatian units of the army
Someone would have the mad cow disease, and they would be ew to touch
Tnx im Croatian lol thats why i wanna visit Poland
Chetniks are the same for Croats.
I’m having panic attack just thinking about it
"Život je pun uspona i Padova je grad u Italiji
Vas dvojica - the two of you (guys)
More often than not you eat it with a spoon
I could agree that in Bosnia burek is only with meat, but in Croatia it can be with anything because burek is a Turkish dish which came to Croatia through Kosovars and Ottomans
Možemo - new political party, formed by former green activist, focus their efforts on fighting corruption in our capital
You don't have to think anymore, now you know it is true
We also have brown bears and wolves, but idk what was the last time someone got attacked by them
I never understood that
As you can guess, Zagreb has all the same stereotypes as other disproportionately larger cities get (think London and Paris), coupled with specifically northern Croatian stereotypes (cold, introverted, stingy, arrogant etc), even though well over half of Zagreb isn't even originally from northern Croatia
In day to day speech most people will follow SVO order which seems to be most natural one, but if you choose to change the order in one sentence you don't have to keep doing that
Just boring
Dubrovnik as an independent city-state at a time
Because their languages are extremely similar to English
That being said I could probably recognise a few of them if I hear them
Regarding your people and cultural sites being in danger, i find that hard to believe
Like final fantasy always stays japanes and english sub
It should definitely be legal as a controlled substance in a shape of perscription drug, but alcohol has virtually the same effect as cannabis (in layman's terms, lowers mental ability, can be bad for the body), so I would legalize recreational use for people older than 21.
"Ko pod drugim jamu kopa, sam u nju upada" is my personal favourite
Yes, of course, but they don't get used in day to day life
At least we don't have to pay Italians to protect our airspace.
For comparison, take what we know of heart conditions and what we know/understand in regards to the human brain.
Really
Tnx im Croatian lol thats why i wanna visit Poland
I basically just copied the title of the article
As far as I can tell he's this sub's Outrageously Murican Mascot.
You, sir, are full of shit
Most of inland Croatia is 100-200 m (not the hills, of course)
We all have multiple identities
Croatia (100k ish people)
Sobjeski from school
Depends on where you stand
Government run artificial breeding matrixes when
Maybe the only option that could be perceived as good is Germany/Switzerland/Fennoscandia
I feel like everyone in Slavonia, Srijem and Bosnia jokes about Herzegovina
Each European country has their own universal healthcare and the quality varies massively
The Reverse Culture Shock After Leaving Croatia
We laughed it off in the end
They said I could become anything so I became a suitcase
To be paid as much as a mechanic who did 3 years of highschool
As much as it's interesting it's also a bit sad at the moments
Weather nazis were good or bad
You're also correct that it would be political suicide even to suggest such a thing
Its monkey (not even translated)
Well, why not just make a new sub, r/askworldwide and then implement the rules you'd want
We have "typical" translation errors in restaurant menus
Cavoglave - patriotic song from Croatian homeland war with Serbia
Olive oil is great, but if you need to produce a lot of food with high caloric intake to survive, olive oil is useless
Of course the Soviet occupation was terrible for Poland socially and economically
Last but not least the most interesting one:
muh body isn't ready for liberation.
Here in Croatia, I can honestly say that I have never in my life, literally never, seen a Roma working at a job.
Big badda-boom
And it's all so diverse
Then short mention of several germanic tribes, vikings, etc
They want more autonomy and be more noticed and special
It does bring higher paying jobs to a country.
actually googled it now, and [you'd be surprised]#International_broadcasters)
For example lets use Bordeaux
Except a lot of those ""veterans"" are rarely real veterans
And our tears will be salty as a sea.
Their inediate goals are to spread the Islamic caliphate to all the lands ever held by Muslims, which include Iran, India, the Balkans, most of Iberia, Sicily, N.
So, the word private was not only applied to personal property, but you had some privately owned sector in the economy
ko se se mača laća la cucaracha
First name + Last name
Condescending - snishodljiv
Call it what you want, fucking magicians at work all over the place.
You want to speak but you sound like Russian that tries to speak English
"Monkey" used to be more popular before, now "at" is used
I dont think that theres big difference between young people indulging in alcohol anywhere
Also running red lights is pretty GTA-realistic
NOT EVEN CLOSE lol
UK, USA and some others use smaller scale
Until many years from now when kosovo starts the proccess of joining the union themselves
Bit ce interesantno kad to stupi na snagu
Just like Nazis and Japs before WW2?
And as for Austrian rule, we look back at it fondly NOW, back in the day we couldn't wait to break free from it
The UK spent far, far more on an Empire that gave back far less than the EU
Of course, the Constitution is shitting about the secular state, but who cares
As a fellow Slavonian I can confirm that I have never ever heard that phrase
We were generally between meh and pretty terrible for years now
anyways, i feel like a phone is a way of showing off while here it's considered as a helpful gadget and nothing else
Bruh why is this on r/europe lmao
Still, fascinating to learn that
I remember one time, She claimed to me that Austerlitz, with modern day borders, was in Austria
Metastases for Croatia
He lacks basic manners
Actually I just checked it out and it seems that the Constitutional court of Bosnia and Herzegovina finally came around to officially insist on banning the death penalty in RS
Croatian -ić / -ović
Unless you of course think that calls for boycotts validate sanctions
As it was spelled that way before in our language cause our written characters (sounds) are modeled after written Czech
High school kids - boys, to be more exact - wear it on a semi-regular basis.
Bijelo Dugme-Đurđevdan, Lipe Cvatu
7m people
How diverse Croatia is for having such a small land area and population
Yeah or an inefficient attack like using a truck, right?
They also love attention when they are drunk so that's why
Bahahhahahahahahhahaha
What makes it even worse that the guy leading the whole thing (Emerik Derenčin) could've just ambushed the Turks and be done with it, but he was like "Nah, that's not honorable"
Charles II on the other hand
Turnes out, the Phoenecians used to do exactly the same thing, so it is a 3000-4000 yr old tradition
prove all the europhiles wrong.
On this day 28 years ago, the fiercest battle Europe has seen since World War II ended with the fall of Vukovar
Yeah that surprised me too
I'd take it
The other reply said it all, a city state which lasted 500 years and only brought down because of the Habsburgs who used the opportunity to take it after the Napoleonic wars
But we aren't laughing anymore
Or, it's possible that because things are fine people are actually satisfied with the way everything stands.
It would be stupid to repeat myself if we are communicating in a written form
Look at these virgins being healthy
Slavic countries (+/- Serbia and Russia) usually get along with each other.
They say there is simply no money so you have to wait for years for them to pick you.
There are diffences within the major groups, but they're mostly surface level
Well
It begs the question, what on earth did you think you were doing when you took the time to write that comment
Light supper followed with glass or two of wine mixed with water
OK, I'll start with Navihanke
For instance, there is a tweet that says "Greetings from the capitol of Herzegovina"
in Croatia we often do autopsies, by law on new hospital patients who die within 24 hours
You had a formidable navy back then with my home town as it's main port
This is the first time that no far-right party has been elected in the parliament, so they are probably planning to separate and create their own party.
I think it only got more popular during socialism tbh
Croatia
Also, glina in Croatian litteraly means clay
It's not marriage unless it's a man and a woman
So, we're back to a regular insanity dosage as of January
EDIT:typo
However, a state doesn't need to be a "nation state" necessarily
O easy to say for someone who's country wasn't influenced by those events but the reality is it forced some smaller countries to examine their positions and give up their independence by taking another foreign king just to stay safe which later led to instability and thus set ground for world war 1
Guess I'll eat pizza for lunch today :D
He also became president only by the fact that people were so fed up with Boris Tadic they could've chosen anyone.
Because that's exactly what i said
No, yougoslav
Hasn’t Ukraine been chummy lately with Croatia
Thankfully, we are one of the post-communist countries where they have no influence.
the poorest of the bunch but by far the most generous
How accurate it is ?
To je isto rakija - baza je lozovača, jedino ima više aroma, nije samo od jednog voća
Coming from you, my understanding tells me that "homophobia" doesn't really mean homophobia but merely people who don't hold the same view as yourself on the topic
We always managed to hold the front against the Turks and Poland saved Austrias ass during the 2nd Siege of Vienna.
What are good neighbors for
Isn't that because the Socialists jump over to the conservatives in the run-off's?
I mean
Well I guess rev up those monarchies and make Versailles great again.
In Croatia we call you "Češka". So, female form of the word
Let's go
Sit on a beach drinking colored drinks with little umbrellas
etc
If you wanna learn it for free though, it's pretty feasible but you're gonna have to go ham with approaching and befriending new people until you find someone willing to teach
-[Hymn to the freedom] - de facto the second anthem of Croatia and the anthem of Dubrovnik.
TIL that Rusyn =\= Russian, thanks I always thought otherwise
I'm fine with this redesign [i'm also currently living in Finland so this post is perfect]
Had the nation remained intact,
Yoyoyoyo
[Well, time to gather up for a sacrifice.]
Croatia Speaking
Yeah, if you dont count sharia police, child mariages, women getting treated like animals, pedo rings, wellfare overspending and the muslim problem of not integrating in the countries they immigrate in.
Its big
Well, we had people thrown out carried by arms and legs, phsyical fights, people bringing plane toys just to wind up other representatives, shouting, the few that actually come to the parliament sessions just look at their phones
(Mind you I still think the umlauts look lamest.)
For some reason "worrying results" sounds much worse than "bad results" to me
A quick land grab in the Baltic's and suddenly Europe has a choice.
There is this man who died months ago, he's from south of Croatia and every Croat knows about him, but i would like everyone to know what a good singer that guy was
Alright slovenians, this is bigger than us both, lets merge our euros and kunas and buy it
And if you think this is crazy wait till you hear how we celebrate his death and that special time when he left a cave 3 days later
I love beaches, nature
Even more importantly, you need people who are likely to vote.
Together, they hold 2/3 of our parliament
My skin flares up when I drink it
The polls didn't show that 90% of Britons wanted to stay in the EU, they showed numbers in the low 50% range.
The same as in English, Sveto Rimsko Carstvo
I'm just trying to say how sad I am that it turns out that in fact no country on Earth is actually "rich" when you look at the normal folk who work for a salary)
Maybe because we are both mediterranean countries but the people, the food, the vine, the feeling, resembles Croatia a lot
Picture of Cairo :
I feel this question is so unfair considering how old some countries are and then there's us
How do you determine male dominated countries?
Emigration, especially among young people, is high
Have a downvote
I'm getting a feeling that you kinda feel bad for him
Young people with high education, that know languages are leaving more and more.
Dubrovnik: Game of Thrones
My number 1 priority is stopping global warming
Oh look at that
Slovenian is closer to 70%. I have a really hard time with spoken Bulgarian but written is pretty inteligible
The bride taking the name of the groom?
You voted to keep an election system in place that let the Conservatives win a majority of seats with only 37% of the vote.
I'm just interested in line of reasoning where being part of Yugoslavia for 70 years, which left almost no traces, except maybe in socialist architecture - and even that isn't part of "Balkan image" - matters more than 1000 years in Holy Roman Empire.
Slovenia, the country that's more Austrian than parts of Austria.
My God
Morbi purus lorem, porttitor ut massa feugiat, tempus scelerisque mi
Otherwise it's just going to be Macron giving some Hakuna Matata speech and there will be no societal changes
Resources on Earth are getting exhausted every day, and it's only a matter of time before some conflicts start, we can only hope we will find alternative solutions
I think in Croatia schools teaches quite negative about crusaders.
It did, until central government fall apart in mid 80's.
Yeah, no shit we can't win 4v6 when your retarded ass is trying to ruin us
Aha, mi kazemo vol
Few days ago a **white** **christian** **mentally ill** 19-year old in Germany killed a kid and a woman, and hanged kids guts around the room.
And all the numbers are done in this way
That's a rather scary attitude.
College of Winterhold, summer edition
A lot of medicine-related job titles are "borrowed" from Greek and Latin (stomatolog, pulmolog, oftalmolog, pedijatar, ...)
Because he lacked money for repairs, he took away Easter holiday salaries from city-owned companies and kindergardens and transfered them to the disaster fund without informing them
That's why I used the wording of: big countries, small countries, stink eye.
There are also other interesting characteristics in the Croatian language, but this was the first one to come to my mind
Dont go driving in bosnia then mate, there are whole cars and washing machines in ther rivers just dumped near a road, people are really disgusting here in southeast europe
Considering that the results are same regardless of country, culture, societal structure, race or religion...
We could've frozen it at any point and said "we have enough" but then what are you going to do
Few months ago I went on a Street view walk around Italy looking for those exact places where they were found and executed
BiH is a lot more complicated, through the Dayton agreement it was made as a federation of three peoples(Croats, Bosnians and Serbs)/ two states(Republika Srbska and Federaton of Bosnia and Hercegovina)
You gonna love it
Conservative values and growing economy
I will try to explain
Yes, I don't see what's there to lose.
Greece Passes Austerity 2017 Budget, Eyes 2.7 Percent Growth
Not me but my mom fled from Bosina durning war and she never went back
what countries do you think won't make this video?
Nooo it's not his first term
Jer ja sam iz Slavonije
6 restaurants in Zagreb, 1 in Zadar, 1 in Split
The biggest difference in Europe is that you'll pass through a couple of different dialect areas, a completely different climate in the opposite ends of the country and a completely different culture from where you started
Češko = Czech (something), Česi = the Czechs (people), Češka = Czechia/Czech Republic (we always called it Češka, regardless of the Republic-whatever's).
Maybe
Wearinh a hat or a tshirt, or anything else, with the flag is seen as not so sofisticated
Montenegro: Thank you for creating Euro Neuro and Balkan Boj
I'm getting tired of this early Spring-type winter!
A lot of Pizza and Kebab
and i got this feeling just by seeing shit on reddit and nothing else so maybe i'm way off
"We are just now talking about the wolf and here the wolf comes at the door" used when you almost seem to have summoned someone/something by talking about them
Its monkey (not even translated)
I wonder what's their statistics on road accidents considering they have 150km roads total out of which 60km is paved.
>I think the general perception about this theme is screwed, Italy (including the south) has a low [murder rate] (0,67 over 100
Erdogan really managed to fuck up Turkey.
If you walk barefoot, you'll get pneumonia.
Yes
That's inhumane
At the same time, Kristina, Katarina or Mirjana, which are more traditional names are getting rare
The nickname is over 6 times longer than the name
Uff, you do not want to go down that road
Still, Turkey seems to be having bombing every week, it already hurt their tourism last season, and I don't think next one is going to be better.
If S-500 gets actual anti-ICBM capabilities and you manage to knock out half the subs, they pretty much have no deterrent.
Ottoman Empire
Not my country but about one we used to be part of
A photo of [Zagreb] from the cathedral tower.
Our professor gave us the rules of spelling French on day one and I seldom ever made mistakes
We have Panonija, Slavonija, Lika, Dalmacija, Gorski Kotar and Istra
That is not a pro-Nazi regime symbol lol.
Even if the bike lanes exist, it is probably not intended for bikes (high roadsides etc
They don't have their country and they live in Europe
ljubomoran/jealous is for romantic relationships mostly and zavidan/envious is more general and used more often
The building was leaning like crazy
In the Balkans we use kurac, pička materina and other stronger cuss words
Oh, I heard about that, how Swedes don't check for UFO's but Russian submarines.
Neki od vas ste u redu, nemojte doć u školu sutra
We'd lose in tourism tho because austrians would get the sea and all the germans would probably wanna go there instead of here but fuck it
It just occurred to me that Serb rhymes with herb.
Not surprisingly, since it was filmed while the war was still going on, so there was no historical perspective on the events yet.
Don't know any for taking a shit but for taking a pee we say *Idem kokotu pustiti krv* - I'll go spill the rooster's blood
Some interesting tidbits include:
Zadar man is our Florida man iirc
It will reflect badly on the childs development gay's aren't capable of having kids so I don't think they should raise one as it gives kids the wrong idea of what is normal just like you can never connect two same magnetic poles some things shouldnt bee
Well we slavs understand each other very much but which one is easier to read than listen to
* Cod wars
Order changing is usually used to emphasize something
I don't know how it is in Ireland and the UK but these conflicts have usually more to do with nationalistic stuff.
when we enter you are going to be the worst EU economy (if we ever get in at all).
I would say its pretty safe
Seems to be increasing in crime recently
Take this fucking map of yours and change Croatia from "less developed" to "idiotically underdeveloped" right now
Your own government said as much
Well sort of, there are parts of my country that are very poorly populated , but I think that you can't get more isolated then an hour ride
There are also other reasons, why Croats like Ukraine
And why exactly Hungary, Bulgaria and Poland out of all countries have been singled out?
If it's online then it goes something like this:
We enjoyed the spotlight, the celebration with [Schulz] was epic.
It's weird in our language and it's word for word translation from English
I live in Zagreb, and I think that [this song] would fit perfectly as a silent backing track for it, and the bonus is that the people who wrote the sing are from Zagreb as well
As a nation, no, not really
While I agree with you, I believe the stabilization wouldn't take more than a few years.
i'd go fucking crazy if i lived there
I’m in love with Heidelberg
shortly after they made them city care
They look fine compared to communist brutalism
Most of the slavic languages from our perspective would be in ekavian form with just 'e' not 'ije'/'i'.
Hooray, finally a major country in the world that's not
r/oldje
Shortly after the reunification ...
Is that just beacuse of the economy or something else
Think of it this way, if I say for example: "Grandma killed grandpa" (Baka je ubila djeda), the emphasis is on the killer, but if I put Grandpa first in the sentence then we are finding out the victim
There are a lot of Cedevita copies you can find in stores
The people wanted an unified federation with the states on equal terms to each other.
Croatia - Italy
The sea should be the one afraid [of the dutch]
Will anybody do fucking Croatia one
I don't know, it seems like you are opposing him, not physically, but with your idea.
I tend to use dots for decimals, simply because it's easy to confuse commas when listing numbers with decimals
My birthtown Vinkovci (Cibalae) was founded by Romans and seems to be the oldest continually habitated town in Europe
There is a difference between "your sea" and "sea you would like to have".
but I think some is also the cringe-factor, or even the "aww that's so adorably wrong" factor.
The "fun" stuff about inflection languages
On one hand one could argue that it was evident at the time the plans were being drawn up that Germany was done.
Hard or soft Čokolino
I see you are an idiot with fucked up reading skills.
Tunis will gladly join this noble cause, happy raiding neighbour!
An 8-day forecast isn’t really accurate so don’t panic just yet
And where are those tree-building things
Using "sumljam" instead of "sumnjam". While sumnjati means to doubt something
I rly don’t know
"Hi"
In croatian several words for different sized hammers are čekić (chekich) and bat
OP, post this to /r/PhotoshopBattles
We are so progresive
Yeah, and I don't see how, they are usually depressing people to just be around.
If you knew anything about Austrian banks in ex-Yugoslav countries you wouldn't say this .... hint, they were corrupt as fuck, just check Hypo Alpe Adria case
Fuck that peace
you always have to strike the right balance in the parliament, for me that is centre left to left so if you have a center right or right party as the rulling one you have to have tough opposition which are Social democrats and some opposition like the communists so the main right or center right wing party doesn't go all coo coo on the ideological issues because they won't be willing to allow the communist party to become even more popular
5 strong
* Osijek: the closest thing to a city Slavonija has
I'm from Slavonija and we don't say that here
People will naturally talk in English with him, and about topics which are familiar to him.
Cheese spread, polony and cheese (gouda)
I have been an atheist most of life.
why u made one
They're mostly really bad, mainly because a lot of wordplay,puns and jokes don't work in Croatian, and it's hard to translate them
Thanks for burek
Truth be told, I never flew with croatia arilines
I feel like everyone in Slavonia, Srijem and Bosnia jokes about Herzegovina
Croatia part of glorious Papal Empire!
I believe most Croats would say Aleksandar I.
"verati" is an old word for "to climb" so I assume that's where the word comes from
Honestly, if they were deciding on something like Brexit it would be a shitshow
Made me better understand and dislike nazis more than before.
Interesting
Pack your shit up guys, we have a winner
However, it doesn't take many cases for the disease to spread rapidly if left unchecked
why does it look like dinarids mountain chain are the highest mountains, and Alps are barely noticable against all the other scattered mountains
Buy I bet most people would choose Austria
I like Krka more than Plitvice lakes, that wooden path over the shallow crystal clear water which looks like fish are swimming in air below you and lush rainforest-like green canopy above looks really alien...
] Some of them go so far as to even masquerade as [traffic signs
We've really gotten on the train of hating police, like the American puppets we are, eh
And wtf is wrong with the Netherlands?
Trst za siromašne
>trying to erase communist traditions
It is here as well
i mean they're all over the place, hard to keep up
I went and it was good dk wtf they are talking about, it was clean and didnt smell bad
I dont think it was without scaffolding since independence
Its actually not another story since selling it to people would have been hardest part if it werent for serbian rearmament.
Vukovar remained in Serb hands until 1998, when it was peacefully reintegrated into Croatia with the signing of the Erdut Agreement
Donec justo risus, rutrum at sem non, sagittis aliquet dolor
But that principle obviously doesn't apply when other member countries have a problem
Same here
factories make 2 types of the same brands.
Yamakasi
I was at the border of the earthquake so I just felt it a little bit
**Serbia -** This has to be said, when compared to Serbians, our sense of humour sounds like a tired dry boomer who is done with life
Why is it called Stalinism
"Dobro znaš da sam gospodin
Wondering for what they use the drones
Incredibly inaccurate, actually
People put all kinds of things in it, so you can often see chicken legs just kinda poking out of a jelly soup
Why the fuck is Myanmar using imperial system
That is, you say that it's wrong to hate countries for their former policies, which is the argument of those that were occupied by Ottomans.
Yes, č and ć are pronounced like "ch" - difference is that č is harder and ć softer, but it is often indistinguishable in conversation
How do you spell Schraube in your dialect
A few years ago a "reverse" [monument] was made
and in Croatia the only thing we heard in the news about Germany is how a young man stabbed and killed a 9-year-old boy, braging about it online, and that there's a police manhunt after him...
3 os seriously
This is a bit confusing
Croatia is number one in kidney transplants
The dumbest thing croatians did was settle here in the 7th century because we should have fucking gone somewhere away from balkans
In Croatian we call them 'knedle' but are predominantly made with plums
Really stabbing
but where would we go skiing when the winter comes
The entirety of [Dubrovnik]
I think it would be much better to name it after one of our many scientists like Faust Vrančić. Anyways I agree with you that the current name sucks
Some Christian group spent millions and millions during the biggest economic crisis our country had to make a referendum to put the definition of marriage as a heterosexual relationship in the constitution.
Why cant we be normal like the rest of europe
k=towards
There is just a group of Czech tourists who are rather adventurous and know-it-alls at the same time.
"Sh-ch-y" I think
I don't know what is this power of IKEA, I even regularly see cars from Serbia and Montenegro at Zagreb's IKEA...
Here we think the ''uneducated'' are the ones who are not speaking your dialect lol
Valiant effort, have my upvote.
Croatia checking in
I continued sleeping, we aren't even near the place where earthquake took place, Hungary is closer to the eartquake than I am
Check out [pictures]#&gid=5477447&pid=5477403) from Vranjic (near Split) this morning.
Literature goes on in croatian, everyday communication goes on
Which, I mean, seems a bit high...
Szekesfehervar (Stolni Biograd, Stuhlweißenburg)
" To which Michaux replied: "Who is the police officer here
sOveReiGntY
Your farmers have it rather rough.
Hungary: you're kinda mysterious to us, but you've actually contributed to our culture and economy throughout history (same with Austria, Italy and France, even Czech Republic/Bohemia to an extent)
So no hard feels for the 2018 semi finals
Example:
Far right guys are ready to fight and that's a bit more important than some other stuff.
Those Slovenians, better than us in everything
I'm in Zagreb, and we don't have them so many here
Chat rooms were the biggest and only fad, i remember going to microsoft chatroom which looked like a comic book, was a really cool design
Calling it water, kinda diminishes it's importance
Completely agree with everything except the UN part.
Indeed, Orthodox Croatians
No it isn't.  The name "Scott" would in Serbian be pronounced *skaat* (like the *ska* in the music band "Ska-P", with a short *t* at the end)
If the poll asked “other than English” the number would be far lower for everyone
In your case, it's a RAID - **R**edundant **A**rray of **I**ntrusive **D**ames.
calling janissaries loyal is like calling child suicide bombers today loyal.
It is not unusual to see [males holding hands] and so on.
"Well I better get going"
Contrary to popular belief, WWI wasn't set in stone, and without this event, it is quite possible that it wouldn't happen at all
There's a reason why our healthcare specialists are sought after in the EU.
Džon mejd hiz vej tu ej tevrn tru d dark forest, onli tu fajnd aut dat hi forgot d mani
Well, old-sounding are probably male names ending with -slav or -mir, and depending on preceding word they can vary from popular (Tomislav, Miroslav, Krešimir, Branimir) to archaic (Držislav, Višeslav, Vojnomir, Trpimir)
I've been reading lately about the Brabant murders and the pedophile scandals of the 90's. What the fuck Belgium ?
Fuck that
Much easier
So let's force countries like Ireland and Luxembourg and what-not to change so that poor Germany and France aren't losing any more tax money
Good ole' gerrymandering, the official voting system of the GOP since 1854
It's *those guys* from Vladivostok...
In Croatia, people still live in Emperor Diocletian’s Palace
Especially those who don't live in the capital, but come here to study, most of them find jobs and permanently remain here
Daesh is an acronym for the Arabic phrase al-Dawla al-Islamiya al-Iraq al-Sham (Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant).
The famous musketeer D'artagnan died at the siege of Maastricht in 1673
You mean five heads heh
Unfortunately, night clubs are also pushing cajke even here in Croatia
Would love to visit a few places or take a long trip to see it all for myself.
There are multiple big bakery companies that are thankfully very cheap, but unfortunately their bread is equally shit
If Turkey endangered americans you'd have to avoid Twitter and Reddit for weeks if you wanted to take a break from the outrage
Getting your ass kicked once doesn't qualify you as a boxer.
The third one is on my request and it should mean "i piss on your mother's grave". It's "kushen su ema hauale".
I actually liked it quite a lot.
Yes, with the same level of success as your guys
Europe is a collection of various nations, various cultures and languages.
We had right on a basis of self-determination as we lived in our nation-state, had historical territory and were republic
I'm not sure about the 'a' though.
it's only to get to maximum B1 level imho
You are just salty that we suck :D
Nah, it's actually the opposite
In the same vein, I love the lack of articles and not having to think about whether the "the" before "subject" in the above paragraph is sufficient or maybe "predicate" is missing one of its own
At least as far as those records go.
I already stated once my very controversial opinion on Poland (I dislike the country) and I was very much downvoted
Slovenia looks a bit worrying as well
> What’s the actual reason that the rule has to be “man and woman only”?
Now am back home and still always greet the driver
I like the way you can turn one word type into another and just mash words together to make a new one
PS I know only one Miodrag who is neither mio (kind) or drag (nice)
Tbh I don't know and I'm from there
Either Serbia, Bosnia, Slovenia
È un'emozioneeee, che cresce piano pianooo
And then we are the Serbs without a sense of humor...
Finally Croatia in the top 10 for something useful :)
Is gibraltar strait still open
Lucky Baltic
Yeah, same here
In a nutshell, as much as they are same or similar, we cannot hide where do we come from when we start to speak
McDonald's - 'Megić' or 'Mek'
I said they are centre-right but they dont seem to sanction nazi revisionism.
Germans destroyed most of the Soviet air-force, infantry and tanks didn't have ammunition, there was no food, trucks, etc
We stayed in the cars for a while
[Bosnia enters with another contender]
The Catholic church in Croatia is simply more influential than in most other countries.
France and Germany team up to push through EU public prosecutor’s office
Commander: "Tank be serious"
Correct me if I'm wrong but a United EU wouldn't be forcing a common pan-European language on everyone
Ok Croatia and Serbia, calm down
then look at Poland, what a big peace of nothing :(
At least that was the case in my school.
it's not like I was surprised by your president
Does that count ?
Still rooky numbers
Netherlands got all of their Serbs from the colonies
Russia's military is built and maintained wholly within Russia.
technically
They are not that hard to integrate, there is already 4.5 million muslims in germany.
If you keep the religions freedom we maybe be cool with it
It's 2 extremes
Serbs call us Croats German puppets.
In croatia, i see lots of people with dogs, since they are more handy for hunting, running and sniffing out stuff in the countryside, and i think the fact so many people have dogs in the countryside gave people a trust for dogs, so there’s lots in cities too
Slavonia is usually ignored by tourist since our coastline is much more attractive, but it's actually really beautiful with lots of places that are worth a visit
“Ni ga” translates to “He isn’t here (or there)”
Not Reddit per se, but I’ve noticed a similair thing on several discord servera I use
Hahah But students aren't immune to it
Think McDonalds speed but homecooked quality dishes
Yea thats basically the main drink in Croatia as well
Honestly idk how people can *not* write in cursive
Sure my reddit kid, because I totally proposed the same solution
Yes, yes, but you're an honorary Slav anyways!
Dubrovnik, now best known for being Kings Landing and a popular tourist spot, has very rich and interesting history
Can't wait to hear all the tourists try to pronounce Franjo Tuđman.
Great we can take Constantinople back :)
One 15 year old girl unfortunately died today, very sad :(
I understand its hard to be dying micro nations who have never been comparable to Russia
My friend frrom minecraft is also Polish and lives in the UK
I agree its really funny who EU is turning into a new warmonger now US and Russia are a threat.
Minister of defence angry, throws the toy from the reps hand and wants to fight but others stop him
Yes, the island of Korčula sells a lot of merchandise based on that theory.
Only good thing about this is that I tested my reflexes
You usually use this method when you're in school doing some grammar tasks and you need to determine the gender, you ask yourself what "this" would you use so that you surely determine the gender
Maybe I'm wrong, but I think we had the longest European continuous lasting state/country entity from (before) 835
Your wrong Nazi swastika is different as its tilted just a simple Google search would show you the difference between swastika as Hindu symbol and Nazi swastika....
If you think those examples are ugly I got news for you, buddy
In 1991 Croatia had 4
Bulja ( sleng ) means head in Croatia, but ass in Serbia
Btw, i have never heard someone use žili as a verb
By that logic, there's a very simple solution to solve all of humanity's problems - just kill everybody
I was living 10 years in the middle east and my sources are muslim colleagues / friends / strangers that directly shared their thoughts with me + semi regular lecturing about the world that should be lived and experienced as quran dictates
This is a joke video or western propaganda to make it seem like Russia has some shit propaganda.
I would like to see this in some kind of relative percentage form (i.e.
Saying something is "sranje" is always a bad thing
Yeah, it's somewhere on the level of Serbian "Do đavola" or Croatian "K vragu". Something you'd hear in local soap opera where all characters speak perfect official version of the language and have flawless diction
It was not only reserved for services but also existed in production
IMO, and not to offend Turks here but, I believe strongly(from what I gathered so far) that Turkey is heading into the Serbia-Kosovo situation, you cannot solve such an ethnic problem with mere governmental policies.
You need plenty of oxygen in your brain in order to realize that next-to-no-one ever agreed with anyone just because the other person thought they are wrong
This isn't WW2 where the army with more men wins.
I mean Magyar hussars are kind of a no brainer, but I was trying to connect the dots on that Napoleon quote
I would like to go mostly because of food and architecture, but I think I'll wait a few years when it, hopefully, becomes safer.
more money into the hands of corrupted government makes it even worst
I don't see how you're getting that from this image.
Historically under heavy Austrian influence, architecture and dialect have many resemblance to German language and the way the buildings look
And for most of the country (excluding strict centre of capital or posh touristy/historic locations) it gets you at least that and probably more
Before that Austria was just one of many German states and pretty much all Austrians considered themselves Germans
**Slovenia and Hungary** \- I always respected how, in terms of politics, they seemed to have their stuff together way more than us
Though colloquially they're often "Švabe" (from Swabians).
With the bull the city was exempt from standard feudal practices and prospered as small center of merchants and craftsmen
You could do a bit of research on this topic as it is fascinating one (at least to me) and it shows how much politics plays a role in everyday life
ah i see
Extreme leftists and those who directly benefited from his reign do
Yes they say that one stronger earthquake will come in an hour
Then there's the bit where you're actually running a business rather than just getting a paycheck
did it include MEPs being [physically carried out] of the parliament chamber?
Overall, probably Bandić, the mayor of Zagreb
Montenegro is far ahead and Serbian playing with Moscow won't help them.
I was totally cheering for belgium
Adam has, how it often happens today, sinned out of pity for his wife.
There is no obligation to change it to red.
also, čvarci, pancerota, prikle, off the top of my head
Though, they can be overwhelmingly manipulative when they want views
Eh, if a football match is going on and you say something insulting about one of the clubs, then you might as well be signing your death warrant.
^/s
Topkek, keep telling yourself your sad stories
sta znaci vo
Both have downsides that, for me, are worse than that 20 days of mild inconvenience twice a year
Yes
) that is sold to tourists since its a direct translation of croatian term (ručni rad)
Well, you also knew he was Slovene before you heard him speak.
Even belgium and netherlands arent very famous for good weather
That's true, it does
Woah wtf
For 100 you can order a jumbo pizza and buy 6 liters of coca
These are the ones I can think of right now
People get confused with it as they don't know if you are expecting the meaningless ''I'm fine, and how are you?'' answer or something more.
People might not know this but Dubrovnik, Croatia was actually Kings Landing from the popular tv show called Game of Seats or something like that
Have you ever felt afraid or ashamed because of yours nationality?
It's admirable, but it's not realistic.
Karfiol - karfiol
And with good reason - someone might point out that even the poorest European is rather well off compared to a person living in Africa in, for example, a former colony of a European power
Here's a reason, at least for Croatia:
I think Ottomans impaled people vertically while Vlad did it transversally
Croatian, maths and a foreign language are mandatory, and you can choose other subjects depending on the faculty that you're applying for and what it wants
Check [this list] for Croatia, it has food from all the regions, so you have light Sea food, Heavy, greasy for people from cold areas, classic continental, and everything in between
I once went to school and a fox was walking with me for a good 100 meters
what really grinds my gears is how many people just decide to park their car in one of the fucking lanes and it's so widespread it's unbelievable
Also there are a lot of situation in which tourists were injured and they also received care immidately without big bills
Just your classic Baba Roga (Grandma with horns ^sounds ^way ^better ^than ^horny ^grandma )
I have read [his book] and he pretty much admits that.
Young hearts be free tonight...
We'd then kick the ball as hard as we could, while usually doing our best to hit the middle area under the ass, hoping that the ball will strike the nuts
Even they knew Anatolia can't into Europe
I would live 500 meters north of the french border
We've loaned those words from you - paradajz, palačinka, krafna (all singular)
I don't know, he was kind of important back then.
You do realize there was a very serious movement trying to kick Greece out of the EU or at least the Eurozone.
I highly doubt they aren't
Here in Croatia we have the town of Slavonski Brod on the river Sava
The weird thing is, none of those sounded weird (well, not so much) until you translated them
Prague's stunning Christmas markets a sight to behold
You know what
Bosnia was there before the ottomans came
They managed to conquer big parts of Croatia but not for a long time and they never managed to conquer all of it.
Tbf most of these countries have long-lasting and ongoing internal problems and the least of their worries is the diplomatic relation with a new far-away politically insignificant European country
Also, forget about mountain climbing
) the government decided to introduce a law which took over the company from its owner and gave it to hastily made "comission" to implement whatever necessary to continue with work and find solution with creditors and debtors
That's still just one beer per day per capita
-Listen you, band of serbian volunteer guerillas,
Big difference
Attacks shall continue and with each new attack, Israelification of Europe shall continue.
My friends and I don't like it
You won't. It is all about the money that the company cares
Sea border
Ju tink ju ken get avej vit sejin det šit tu mi ovr d intrnet
Do you also refer to your parents as "stari/stara"? It's a normal thing here
Not just travel, it was the best passport in the world at that time, it gave you access to both west and east, i dont know if any country had that
People are donating their stuff they've got from their ex's, each item has a story that is displayed along the item itself
It was Nazi abomination that Croats don’t recognize
I had a conversation some weeks ago with a friend of mine who is a hardened nationalist.
I know a bunch of people named Dugi, Mrki, Crni, etc
Depends on your definition
And the ASOIAF story itself is perhaps a bit closer to traditional-male-space/topics, *I think*.
Now she did something
i see a lot of things wrong with gun culture, i don't like it and i prefer not to turn into another usa where every other guy has a gun around his waist
It was a limited market, but unlike the so-called Eastern Bloc, it was a market
Any simulation would only be as accurate as our understanding of how a dog works.
The company itself was made by a South African and are currently looking to expand their manufacture in a lot of other countries
All have the same meaning in Croatian, except footing
You're basically forced in to doing guesswork and unless you're simulating something in the real world in order to make predictions, you can't even really verify your guesswork.
Faschiertes - faširano
that get's blamed for not doing anything, but when it tries to do something it gets blocked.
There are a lot of ads in newspaper for this and there are TV shows every night (after 23:00h) on local TV channels.
When you say Slavic you can count Balkans out because germany is the light at the end of the tunnel for us
It was at a depth of 2
France, a Catholic country, was against Austria and Spain, also Catholic countries, while supporting the Netherlands, a Protestant country.
I mean there's the occasional dog or cat, but not muxh
Oh, I will delete mine then as well.
The unemployment rates even among 2nd generation migrants are quite high, let alone the other usual suspects.
Denmark: Bonus for antibiotic-free pigs
Thanks for being a bright example of how we can better arrange our country and society
If however, Scotland votes to stay again, it would still maintain access to the EU market and many of the rights enjoyed by EU citizens
Serbian, in other hand, would be 101% (Anđelina Đoli)
" from the Nikola Šubić Zrinski opera sounds better and more bombastic, as well as more patriotic
It wasn't just 'their' country.
BiH: Feed me more čevapi
This is how retarded media/politics is now yes.
I like normal cut of meat over grill, or if minced it has to be lamb or veil in some sauce
[This photo] went around the world after Croatia beat England and qualified for the World Cup final, a huge sports achievement for a small country like Croatia
koji je boje pepela; siv, sivoplav [sinje more])
In some countries no need but Italians are well know for refusing to learn English properly
So sad that they cancelled that large scale couples waltz that was talked about years ago.
There are ship lines from Venice to Istria (region where Rovinj is).
What is this Hitler 101
Though of course it falls into the usual European pitfall of not explaining itself very well
Normal people are not like that nor do the listen to turbo folk
So if a Pole who works there and pays the taxes and contributes to NHS gets sick, he should, as a non British citizen, do what?
Heard Airbnb is taking all the apartments so locals have to pay crazy money.
It is good to support national brands, though
I'm glad for France, but I'm also glad for us
I hope that clarifies it for you
3.9 and it just keeps getting lower
O wait you are telling me big countries control the EU no..
I cant see anything and its dark, and noone behind the pairlament anymore...
Fish sausages would be invented by Slavonians in Dalmatia
Ah, back when we at the Mediterranean still experienced proper winters.
It leans slightly more toward green olives but barely from what I see
This idiot should not be allowed to work as a principal.
Croatians too
I'm not really sure about that
The most I've played with was slightly over 50.
How do you see minor fascist elements in Croatian society?
He ended up getting a lot of votes
But here we are, 70 years later you lament not being conquered by people who wanted to eradicate or enslave your ancestors, if not culturally, then phisically.
The USA has nearly 7000 of them, it would be easier getting a couple theirs in some kind of NATO trade.
[This comment] "explaining" how Putin is Melania Trump's *madelaine* which prompted reminiscence of hard childhood in nightmarish communist wasteland
Pretty much the best Croatian export.
We burn a bloke called Fasnik
They want to “save the planet” doing absolutely nothing and sacrificing nothing
You're not the only ones, mate
Poland has neutral growth so no, that isn't going to happen
easy to read once you know the alfabet, however verb aspects and cases will make you wish you weren't born
Also I though Murcia wasn't nearly as big
Yes, but in Latin and/or Greek.
HRT - national TV and radio, claims to be unbiased
Where's the bit where foreign minister Dacic says that it's logical that Croatia is not arming itself to bomb Vienna and Budapest, but Belgrade :'D
Build like it was before(instead of wood use metal so no more fires),destroying a iconic church for Muh creativity and progress is just retarded
We said fuck you multiple times
Left wing ones are the worst
[Old National and university library in Zagreb, now State Archives]
And if you were doing any of that, you may have a point.
"There's more than one way to skin a cat".
1) It's the automation that increased productivity, humans aren't pouring coffee or hammering nails any faster than they were 60 years ago
No one really truly believes Trump is a bad guy, but since everyone hates him facts aren't important anymore.
Josip Jelačić, ban of Croatia in the mid-19th century
Sweden is recycling so much trash, it's running out
\+ Kazakhstan, Pakistan, Afghanistan.
Images:
[Why, the invasion of Africa of course!]
God I've never seen a dirtier capital city
In the summer there's that wooden path with green canopy above and shallow crystal clear water below and fish swimming, it looks really alien
How else do you meet people outside school/job
I mean I thought our island of Brač (pop ~14,000, 400km^2) was decently populated and then I read somewhere that Malta has a population of more than 500,000 on an area of a bit more than 300km^2
Looking at you Slavonski brod, Sisak
What I meant is that, in case that the usage of guns would be so widespread it would cause an atmosphere of violence, I am pretty sure most of our countries would agree to ban/heavily restrict their usage
So the average is 800 something euros, but the average Joe receives maybe 450 or so
Maybe its helping him hold those papers
Poor people
German, most of the people learn German as second foreign language in school
is that like smaller Russia
Can't help myself, them brown stains remind me of nutella spreading.
So you can make a sentence "Gore gore gore gore" which means "The hills up there burn worse".
If i had enough money that i dont need to worry about it for the rest of my life i'd probably move to mauritius or something like that
Metamorphosis is mandatory reading in our highschools
It's also better than the Serbian standard because we write foreign names like they're originally spelled
Some of them from Dalmatia don't even understand that today they would be in Italy, not Croatia.
But, why would sniper unit take SS symbol?
He may just pretend to be one idk.
Similar here, although *3 days* is very often replaced with *3 hours*
[Atomsko Sklonište - Pomorac sam majko]
5 magnitude aftershock in Croatian Parliament today
completely agree
Rijeka is the ugliest town in Croatia imo
It's a protest to get the government to do something
Mwahahaa, you have the "Julian Alps", we have the "Dinaric Alps".
Croatia, too
Its almost funny, but its very annoying/enraging
I also had to look up what it is, it's also a translation of our currency, kuna
Tbh i dont remember anything else, there were only chatrooms and napster (later came limewire and few others), and ICQ which was something like steam friends list, minus all the games
Horvatia
It's petty either way and I doubt that it really "had to go". It's not like Hungary has a lot of democratic traditions to which it can return to anyway
I mean croatia and serbia have shit amount of unregistered weapons on both sides and never heard of incident similar to stabbing
As we're speaking, I am wearing a "denim manufacturing company USA" shirt
That would mean Serbia and Albania are brother countries
And we're already semi-federal in many ways
...THAT much
The definitions of Europe's regions are really not strict enough.
I had a blast in Austria, can't really see how it can get better.
Also worth mentioning people don't pick their subjects in high school here.
and books are in English mostly so...
To us, everything is pronounced much softer
We call you Mađarska so it doesn't sound that stupid to me
Etiam facilisis nisi ut lectus ultricies, nec consequat nulla viverra
In Croatia, we watch re-runs of Home Alone, Ben-Hur and The Ten Commandments
Everyone hears those differences I wrote here
Croatia and Serbia still neighbour's. Truly meant to be
**Montenegro** \- Absolute masters of not giving a fuck
Basicly the same thing just we had 2 shifts cuz there were too many kids so it started at 08:00 and 14:00 sometimes ealier I had to take a bus there 25 km
Not really, but, sadly, there are still Croatians who associate with the idea of Nazism
The whole flag is ugly but it is also revered
We also have special 25kn coins that *are* quite rare
And this is why I am always calling Ljubljana Yugo-Amsterdam
Shit, I wish I had a biorhythm like that
The Yugoslav army came out of the Partisans
They are product of Habsburg/Ottoman empires
It takes 5+ hours for 1
Homemade food in someone's home, at least a while back when i visited it
Is this legit an earthquake
the running joke in croatia is about czech people getting lost on a mountain in flip flops and/or at sea on an air mattress
If you offered me 4 choices for kosilo, i would have no idea what that means
KURAC
The main reason modern Turkey has its current borders is the Turkish army and Ataturk winning the Turkish independence war.
Dude he was the leader of a death squad paramilitary group that massacred their way through Croatia and Bosnia
Some parts of the country are similar to Italy
That's some Cold war bullshit, but nowadays they don't even care for pretense to use for example a proxy and the president of the United States gloats publicly on social media
All of the sources cited by this guy are questionable at best.
It's not funny anymore
Last year, as a part of Croatia's big reform of education system, they printed a new set of textbooks for schools, with QR codes for interactive learning
>Ok, well, it's time to go back to the drawing board and come up with new protocols and systems which circumvent this bullshit
The EU seems to want the UK to sign its name to a bill for nothing in return
Yeah cpncetration camp can refer to both internemant camps and death camps
Unfortunately yes
When you guys pronounce your 'r's it sounds like you're trying to gather saliva in your mouth for a nasty spit
it's ok, we can all have different opinions on the matter
Although there are a few locations in my city (such as an abandoned factory complex or illegal shacks city) where i wouldnt consider myself safe or comfortable at night
There has to be something interesting about UK besides this brexit crap.
That is, if he does not die before the execution of his sentence, or even the sentencing itself like Milosevic did.
My parents used to go to Italy or Bosnia to buy stuff, but that was 15 years ago
In Zagreb, you call them ‘brate’, which means brother
S**pain**
I think "Kovač" or "Kovačević" is "Smith". You know blacksmith=kovač.
It's frustrating to see terrorism as the most frequent concern among US responses.
UK, USA and some others use smaller scale
What is the Netherlands one about
France and Germany are kinda role models for me
Radislav and Branislav also exist, we just need a Slavislav now :P
We're actually a surprisingly safe region, Croatia and Slovenia being among the safest countries in the EU
Well I will have to do someting while waiting for the Mingplosion.
in my region
Nullam id vulputate est, sit amet tempus odio
Class aptent taciti sociosqu ad litora torquent per conubia nostra, per inceptos himenaeos
Then again, Trump isn't exactly strong at home.
Oh there are plenty of them
France opens new Lascaux prehistoric art cave replica
"Croatia
But we're turning into a prejudiced society acting like that
with my friends and we commented that in spite of 3-0 loss your players played like it's 30th min and 1-0 for spain
Solar - somewhere in northern Adriatic
That reminds me of a movie ...
It wasn't just luck, you know
Condescending - snishodljiv
I mean it is so simple and effective ...
-ić  diminutive (little someone)
It's a global race and it's not to the bottom but rather an equilibrium - a fair tax rate for public services
You lose some social cohesion, have to have arguments about free speech, secularism, womens rights and gay rights all over again and for what
Not saying that these are all socialist countries hut but a lot of them have socialist elements
Then the 2nd thing: i was born and live in switzerland
The benefit is that the notions of "union and equality" become less *empty posturing* written in some promotional pamphlet written in Bruxelles, as far as the non-Western EU is concerned.
if i may ask how big is the difference in a language
Northern part of it is
My grandfather and all of his brothers served in WW2 but most of them didn’t see combat
Jesus, I'm so bloody sad now
God, I love Slavic languages and our culture hahaha
[That one] was result of meltdown in coalition that started with an affair about transparency surrounding sale of our national oil company to Hungarian MOL
i actually really like belgrade except the traffic
You've basically described Croatia and our diaspora
Born in communism, 5 years of war in 1990's, great depression, covid19 pandemic and now earthquake
Ok, I know where you're from now."
Everything, including Tesco, was open.
Don’t change a thing
>  Serbs may not have started the war
All we know is that it became a tradition before the destruction
Awww Slovenia ️
I'd like a game set during Dutch golden age
it’s like the tourist town of Croatia heh
figures
Why do they care so much about belarus
They are not innocent by any means.
A sto se dijela parade tice
Ali slazem se
I like all, but Ukraine has a special place in my heart and as it turns out many other Croats feel the same️
Our last government collapsed 4 months ago, after only 6 months, because the first vice president of the government was in a conflict of interest.
Well shes german
I could agree that in Bosnia burek is only with meat, but in Croatia it can be with anything because burek is a Turkish dish which came to Croatia through Kosovars and Ottomans
Pistols and old bolt rifles, and no support
But since the inception of the Kuna, HNB never did anything with it, always kept it "stable" (following bigger currencies), even during this latest crisis that started in 2008 and just recently left us.
When they arrived in Paris in their full uniform, French fell in love
It does (not like ill, but more like something which hurts, like bolan zub, meaning aching tooth) but it's rarely used like that.
Perhaps if I find a video comparing them side by side I might notice
I wouldn't mind another Austria-Hungary if it was called Austria-Hungary-Croatia
.....I've already explained the situation when it comes to the common customer, and how market chains are using (abusing) it for their profit.
Rijeka
Yeah, you made it, good for you
" but the 'li' is often dropped in conversation
I think everyone hates the guy
It's all heresay for now, but it seems young males 18 + years old, females only voluntary.
Played water polo
If you want to keep people out, the only viable approach is to treat everyone with equal suspicion.
I can't find the info
But yeah, it seems strange to go by "student assessments" as you say.
EU has more people though
In Croatia, there’s always a friend in some rural town with a tractor willing to help you out
Nosorog - in croatian
If all you have is a defense, the enemy will try.
True, however, it was during the [Medieval Warm Period] when temperatures were high all over the place, so, you never know.
I visited Finland on a student exchange last year and we I played this with my host
I would cycle but my bike was stolen.
We have good players, but the manager is just doing bad job
Istria don't get any ideas
I thought this was supposed to be the names of the cities in their native language.
ah shit, I can't believe we've done this
[Christoph Waltz explanation] that you were talking about.
We should be triggered Poland !
That thing is another level
However, they are all part of common cultural sphere and this kind of architecture is direct continuation from before Venice existed (Illyrian-Venetian-Greek cultural sphere which extended to both coasts, then Roman and "Byzantine", followed by Venetetian dominion during the reneissance).
The story is also very dependent on the old style humor which can be a turn off for some
Maybe not everybody knows all of these, but anyone who knows just a bit about our history has heard of them:
But my grandma wants me to eat too much food, that's true
So they "make themselves blonde again" by dyeing their hair, sometimes just highlights (which is partially related to why I see more female than male blondes).
È un'emozioneeee, che cresce piano pianooo
Uh, I looked it up and you are correct.
Culture
Bosnia would like to have a word
My point is they're not fleeing war as much as they're fleeing living conditions they're not happy with.
Make the best out of a crappy situation.
I have no idea what to say
If it’s a friend, you just say “Halo” (Hello) If it’s someone from a professional environment you say “Dobar dan” (Good day) If it’s a stranger, you say “Dobar dan, tko ste vi
When I say willingness, I mean simply countries choosing freely whether they want to participate in for example the EU-army and such.
Yes, we got a lot of words from Austria
[Don't forget when you marched into Anatolia and "liberated" a lot of it]
I'm just trying to say how sad I am that it turns out that in fact no country on Earth is actually "rich" when you look at the normal folk who work for a salary)
I'm fine with saying that for Vukovar, but not for Bosnia for example.
Serbia- I guess this is not that good of an idea
In Dalmatia, we will never call the sea water when refering to it though we all know that it is tehnically water
its not about coverage nobody will wage a war for another country
Donec id nisi placerat ipsum scelerisque hendrerit
Fuck him, he is the biggest reason for the suffering in the balkans after the WW1.
But have you seen a man eat his own head
Kebab is overrated
The closest I've ever heard along those lines was  "Kao da čitam Kineski" (As if I were reading Chinese) or just simply "Ma, Kineski" (Bah, Chinese)
That's 10 hours
The "Marriage is the partnership of which to raise a family is the goal
Jako dobra
The UK is an enemy you just love to hate.
You either need something that can cut through the door (i.e. plasma cutter), or has enough force to crack through the concrete walls
Dont you guys like not have ID because it infringes on a small percentage of the population's "freedom". You have the social security thingy right
You can't ignore international politics in this day and age
Hey, we have huncut (in some places funcut or vuncut) as well
I didnt know that, that's sweet
It looked like [this] you could choose the facial expression as you type
What are you going on about for fucks sake
I rarely see any other type of window
So I don't know how you possibly could think that your S9 is better
Kneževi vinogradi literally means prince's vineyard or duke's vineyard(Knez meaning duke but we can go with prince too and Kneževi is the same word but as an adjective) and Miholjac means st
It is true that national TV broadcasts Star Trek reruns and the fact that we had some really good magazines, but I don't think they are popular outside the biggest cities
" while I'm at the beach makes my eyes roll and I wanna punch someone
I just love the city and at first glance it looked to me like he was being a troll.
Last summer I visited Austria as a part of one ecological project regarding renewable energy sources and waste management.
But, this sound as if write someone who is had brain stroke
A few other cities were granted Golden Bulls at the time aswell
what did you expect from incel losers?
I'm talking proportionally and how much effort is going into modernization.
Or maybe you should consider [brain development] since the feeling of pain depends on the level of neural migration?
I was in the English CS:GO voice chat and I spoke Croatian language as I was talking with my brother and no one else and they were making fun of our language saying stuff like: "their language is stupid" or "I would kill myself if I spoke their language" me and my brother just stopped and said "we also speak English you idiots" at the same time
"Pušiš ko Turčin" - "You smoke like a Turk"
• kite - dicks
Well limited to a reasonable end, I think regulating licenses like the Czech republic is very reasonable.
To whoever insults our Czech bros: be careful, we know places where not even Croatian Mountain Service can find you :)
Can confirm this
The word for tie came from the word for Croats
Also, to be honest, we are not a rich nation and thus is our welfare small.
Those are rooky numbers
Vienna, Budapest, Madrid, Copenhagen, Prague, Barcelona (not a capital but still), Venice (from a tourist point of view at least)
But they are not in the EU sadly
Bottom line is, we are in this shit together
There's a permanent rotation going on where two countries send 4 jets each and troops to support them and they stay for four months and then leave again until they're up again.
They are seperated by river Sava
Equalising Croatian and Serbian language
We don't accept shithole countries
Wow, this surprised me, and I see here a few countries don't have ID's. We have them here since I can remember
This sounds oddly, soul-crushingly familiar
This new arrangement, which confined the throat but very slightly, was at first termed a Croat, since corrupted to Cravat
There is no dancing in couples in Serbia
Member the time when Kerum placed his Mercedes Maybach behind a window so people can look at it in awe and admire
Hint: It is
Bilijarda   - 1
If i only knew i'd learn more phrases
Generally they are viewed as poor simpletons by the stereotype
I recently discovered that party-breaker (or partibrejker) isn't used in english
It's not marriage unless it's a man and a woman
But also, it's going to be hilarious seeing him deal with this kind of setting
Of course it didn't happened over the night.
You pretty much answered your own question Sir.
No, they're not
I was never so scared in my life
I really think that the quality of life, especially for kids is better in croatia than in a bunch of other more developed west european countries
Remove the barriers
My guess is that it's coming from the fact that Serbs commited genocide in the 90's.
Ćevapi isn't restaurant food, never understood it
Funny enough, it's Bosnia that was the original separatist entity.
Truth be told, there is no best way to transcribe [ʋ] in English with English.
This is tragic
Pretty sure it made the queen immortal
And I think Catholicism is generally more down with alcohol and holiday celebrations
Slava Ukrajini
They don't demand Spanish citizenship though
We have 3 main dialects: Kajkavian, Čakavian and Štokavian.
Jokes on you, our capital has 799,565 people on 641 km^2, administration has 2642 employed.
Well, most
"Točan ko Švicarski sat" - "As precise as a Swiss watch" it means that you are right on time
"people must trust us" speech deserves an honourable mention
eh i ja sam mislio da je dio dijalekta, profesorica iz hr nas sada muci s time pa moramo znat
Even being a few degrees off optimal sees a very relevant drop off in efficiency, to the point where it's recommended you adjust the angle at least twice a year.
- *Ma zaboli me - It hurts me*
You won't find a positive article about anything relating to Croatia there, ever.
Other cities inland also nothing special and I can't put Zagreb since the earthquake damage still exists
Now they'll continue to reproduce at higher rates than us
The word for tie came from the word for Croats
no articles and if it did have some it woulde come naturally simple becuse its my native language i mean if you get good enough in english you stop worrying about articles and they start coming natrually
Croatia has obligation to take care of 50% of nuclear waste (when the plant shuts down)
It is like the person who killed your parents and raped your sister was in front of you in the line in the grocery store and you have no right nor proof to do the same back
Would be cool to check out etruscans to the north as well and see what carthage was actually like
In the former Yugoslavian countries, there are close business ties between them due to the fact that there is practically no language barrier.
Is it a problem for veterinary worker aswell do you need to have something to cover or are there no problems at all
but, on the other hand, the plan is to visit island next spring, we gonna go camping around your little island
Since I already learned so much of the grammar and vocabulary, all I'd need is to just rehearse all if it
Europe needs to standardise weapon systems.
I'm pretty sure that a war will start because of it at some point
Australians were always known for being lovers
That's a mispronunciation then
We don't want to encroach on your "sovereignty".
Two dead as tornado strikes quake-hit Italy
Anyone got the rest
Most Croats don't have a problem accepting that Tesla was a Serb (most of us don't even care), but most Serbs seem to have a problem accepting where exactly was he born.
people are fucking stupid
[NSFW] [I think it might be this]
Given that the EU has a combined military budget of several times that of Russia
That's the similarity
Yeah, before all the special effect and 3D...
Hebrew, (European) Spanish and for some weird reason, Latvian
- Nikola Šubić Zrinski (the defender of Sziget against Ottomans)
It is produced in Slovenia but is widely consumed in the Balkans
Look, if all we need to do to get the band back together is to let you guys name it, that's perfectly fine with us.
How is he seen in modern Ukraine ?
I would say less dialects but als9 because it is a little easier to pronounce like in Croatian you wpuld say rijeka(river) and in Serbian reka also meaning river it is all about the ije and je in words like in Croatian snijeg(snow) in Serbian sneg also meaning snow
If he's alive somewhere, hopefully he dies the most painful way possible
It's nice
You either die a hero or live long enough to see yourself become the villain
I forgot to tag the photos when I was making the gallery and when I realized it, it was too late and it refused to update the tags when I tried to put the names in.
Under 20 kinda sucks, and this is by far my least favourite season
* Dubrovnik: hostile service industry that requires your firstborn for at most a shit burger
We were generally between meh and pretty terrible for years now
Currently our leading party is center right( strong pro EU and NATO, they are even pro abortion) but, as I said, they turn a blind eye on nationalists and they let them do whatever they want because it is a part of their electoral body.
I don't know anyone below 40 who doesn't speak English or German to some degree and I get to meet a lot of people
Specially with Croatian and its dialects.
Maybe Spotify is ''European'' but it's very much oriented on the USA, considering they refuse to provide service for over half of their own continent
But it doesn't come up in a conversation very often.
Dakota not being able to competitively produce sugar happened under a different system.
Because in Sweden, the salary for a radiologist is probably as much as 3-5 times larger than in Croatia
IIRC There was not one death due to the change
I’m pretty sure that’s CSGO Map
There is even a cool video about the [topic]
Don't we all hate politics
-ov  possesive (of someone)
>joke was Ursula von der Leyen
Like I said, I understand completely
[Front side]
Meaning, the same house that my neighbor built would cost 5x more today, while paychecks didn't grow at the same rate.
Ajoj
I remember seeing a map of Tito busts in Croatia and all of them were in Istria
Yet nationalism is the main pillar of their political platform.
Children also usually dress up for school and they go trick or treating after it.
There is this man who died months ago, he's from south of Croatia and every Croat knows about him, but i would like everyone to know what a good singer that guy was
Stay strong
Lebowski
So Russians are actually exposing commies in USA?
The Republic of Croatia is a unitary and indivisible democratic and social state
Belka is more likely the white one
Venice (only relevant to the coast)
Austrians too
Nah, Slovenia will most definitely block us
IMO Katica and Slavica are not "ancient" sounding like Beowulf but more along the lines "someone born between 1880 and 1960" lol
No single letter names
And a lot of them speak ''Serbo-Croatian''.
1 question why do you have so much airaoft guns in san marino
Lots of bloodshed
"Oh, you mean Yugoslavia
Al su snijezi, al su labudovi
Jadna klima, priroda onako lijepa ali dosadna
What I do know is that everyone says that there are more benefits to the Euro
Ive heard hungarian, french, turkish or chinese, but never spanish
Not Serbian, but [this] is catchy as fuck
We have that
Now, it's true the politicians like to stir up shit, and the 90s were a bad period, but the connections between our countries remain strong and if a Bosnian, Croat and Serb met somewhere in Western Europe, it's much more likely they would befriend each other than people of other nationalities, and help out each other
Lmao when I was in Chezcia I was saying 'hvala' (how we say thank you), just assumed it was at least similar so people would understand it
Just a few weeks ago our president visited a war commemoration event in Dubrovnik where she distributed Serbian chocolates to the children.
New apartment buildings look more socialist than those built 40 years ago
Okay I really wanna know how French people pronounce Panzerkampfwagen lmao
Time to vote Monarchist
Here, at least in Croatia, the people who start talking to you in public transportation or in public(in general) usually have a loose screw.
Slavonski Brod (Croatia) and Brod (B&H)
I didn't know there was a competition.
Not to say that this is very common and to blindly trust everyone.
What does that have to do with anything?
Oh my God, lucky you
I despise this book and find it boring af
[There are alternative sides around that debate.]
And the only country in Ex-Yu I sort-of visited is BiH, I totally suuuuuuck ;_;
I guess people here mostly eat normal white bread as it's the cheapest and most versatile, but you can also find ciabatta, baguettes (or any corn flour bread), focaccias (more seldom though) and no yeast bread - usually we would buy it at the Dolac farmers' market on saturday morning for the weekend
A scholar of Islamist extremism makes a prediction: Europe’s problem will get worse
Except now it is actually happening, entire factories are being replaced by robots, even in China, let alone Europe.
Yes I am :)
That's a bit morbid
I think this is the official answer of every Croat
Maecenas quis turpis mi
I fucking love our Europe
Classic answer, both have nothing to do with the Croatian liberation.
In Flames - Jotun
Ović and ević is two suffixes I think, where usually slavic patronymics with ov and ev got a south slavic addition
I guess it's fine if he's using the paper for Dutch which he presumably doesn't know (and it's a nice touch anyways), but English at least should only get the occasional glance at the paper...
It is now one of the most developed regions of Croatia, but it was always underdeveloped and very poor throughout its history.
So roughly, they controlled half of Balkans at the time
don't do that
I kinda know what he ment but stil
That's the whole beauty
As does rit
This
in general, I read in a previous comment of yours you mentioned Tesla was Serbian and the comment (with the "lol" at the end) seemed more like a provocation than an attempt of a reasonable discussion with valid arguments
I dont think we have "native language" name
Well it's more sorting then recycling.
we have "3 i po" (3 and a half, "po" shortened from pola, meaning half) and pola 3 meaning half 3
Who the fuck thinks that in Europe, except perhaps some Turkish immigrants in Germany
The little drunken tail looks more adorable than some little hat or...
He uses the slogan "Za Dom - Spremni" in his music
[CBS live]
Its christmas why the fuck do we need to talk about politics today
Flew with Aegean few times
Who knows
I wonder what will Croatia look like :D
be it one glass or one liter, then they have a nap for hour or two and then drink some more,  Some older people drink hard liquor (rakija) before breakfast because it is good for metabolism
0, first was 5
East slavic languages are I think easier for us to understand tho at least for me
While there's only one version of MezzoMix, there's lemon flavour, sugarfree and sugarfree + caffeine free Schwip-Schwap
So american racist who comes to european sub and talks how bad it is in Europe based on yellow journalism without actually ever stepping foot in Europe?
Because for example, new minimal wage in switzerland will put you in like top 10% earners in most of eastern europe
Just can't take a proper shit in Croatia without bribing some government rat.
I think the intent is more up for debate in this case.
Absolutely
It's surprising we don't like Turks with the amount of Turkish tv shows we have
Yugoton project - Malcziki (album is a collaboration between various polish artists to make their version of Yugoslavian rock hits)
For Zagreb, I guess the historical landmark is the cathedral (the cathedral honestly can’t catch a break: it was ruined in 1880 after an earthquake, and this past Sunday one of its spires fell apart after an earthquake)
I never would’ve guessed that we would build a rivalry with England
You see, Yugoslavian Federal Presidency aka Yugoslavian government (the state itself) had no real power anymore in 80s. Power was in federative rep
But the thing is, reviewing scientific studies from reliable can show you previous experiences with the crops, and it makes highly educated people reach an informed decision.
Yeah but it slowly ramped up...
going by the name Duchy, later Kingdom of Croatia
Closing cafes
I am actually curious, how did you witness the Yugoslav war
Many people left Zagreb since this morning so there is a possibility for spreading corona even more
The government is too stupid to use EU funds, I am telling you seriously that no citizen knows how to use EU funds.
From small arms like Berreta to anti-tank weapons (AT-4) or even planes (Harrier, but it is being phased out for F 35).
Zagreb isn't less developed
I recall one of his presidential rallies when he said, and I quote: "The world is laughing at us, folks
Anyways, that was NOT a good way to start the day
10000% biscuits
I agree
-aaaa, croazia
we will even make sarma only using rice
) that is sold to tourists since its a direct translation of croatian term (ručni rad)
Technically a prince consort as it seems
We don’t hate him particularly, I mean there’s many, many others in our history we could hate more, but in the end he was a dictator and we are not crazy about Yugoslavia now because of recent history
[This photo] went around the world after Croatia beat England and qualified for the World Cup final, a huge sports achievement for a small country like Croatia
And even then we'll still be hearing about it
Zagorje: the part north of Zagreb, close to Slovenia.
Slovenians
Tens, if not hundreds of thousands of people went missing, some of them were found in ireland, germany and other similar countries but the huge majority will never return or be found
Hungary- this would be silly
How do you define whether something is alive, where is the scientific evidence?
Georgia is also Gruzija in Croatian
I have tonnes of them at home, I could photograph them if you want
I initially read the other one as "overcucumbered" and thought it was just a silly in-game expression until I saw it in another game and read it properly, haha
Somehow, I don't think it was unintentional
could be because during my schooling in germany we talked about that one the most, being over germany, so i just assumed it's the biggest one
the EU army will be literally Hitler etc...
Most people would rather do something to get more stuff rather than do "leisure". Entire human civilization has been developed in this manner: need food to live, get better at making food
Dubrovnik (small city in the southern Croatia, former Ragusa Republic) completely banned slavery in 1416
But we aren't southern Europe :'(
Why do Europeans obsess over the US
It should be ije
I am attending a technical school in Osijek so 90% of the time I am surrounded by people who want to be "like everybody else" and are not that interested in geeky things
Go home and die peacefully and know that we’ll just use the money that we’re saving by not treating you on someone younger with another disease
We mostly buy our phones and service plans separately
He just holds the latest patent, first records show it was  [Leonardo da Vinci] and after that second was Faust Vrancic (Fausto Veranzio) from Sibenik, then Venetian republic
s=with
You can't have exact representation in any reasonably sized legislative body.
Can you make a good steak
but i'm guessing the tornados which completely destroy houses aren't that common otherwise people wouldn't live there
I've heard this before, but I can't believe it, the tips are already in the price
How different are his political views then Merkels ?
Are you talking about Kozari Bok
] Some of them go so far as to even masquerade as [traffic signs
Croatians too
We're in this together
>What if family isn’t my goal with my wife
Glorious Poles, Ukrainians and Croats making a last stand against the january hordes!
we pop out like popcorn
hmm, maybe riots had something to do with it
It is only controversial with Serbs
Oliver Dragojević: Cesarica
For Croatia(these hit Serbia and Bosnia more) the 2014 floods were ravaging for the southern Slavonia region which was completely flooded
Yes its people from Istria and Dalmatia(can understand them more then Istrians) we speak Croatian but bro its hard to understand them
should've been this "Marriage is the partnership of two people which are capable of bearing children". And no that doesn't exclude infertile people or the like, but is simply meant to mean all legal acknowledgements of the relationship of a couple consisting of a man and a woman
Also we are thought in school that Napoleon said "give me 100000 croats and I'll conquer the world" but as far as I know the evidence for that is flimsy and sources are questionable
Not because of that, it was decided that it will stay this way.
Share the Mud = Deliblato
I wish we had some laid back politicians like this
But a lot of it is dead because of Yugoslavia
Macedonia is also a good friend of ours
If these polls were public, many of those who would want to ban immigration would probably reverse their opinions out of fear of social isolation.
[Here is some footage] that I always found disturbing, but it best demonstrates not just the destruction of the city, but the civilians killed and thousands forced into exile at gunpoint
It's just more profitable and easier there, as they have some (weird and fucked up) laws that make it work flawlessly
Planners invited sociologists to give their opinion
Again, if you wanna go down that path then you should ban everything that's bad for you, starting with obesity
As an exclamation point how shit have we become that you're passing us on some EU statistics (especially GDP per capita)
Sed interdum, lorem a efficitur convallis, dolor ipsum eleifend arcu, sodales dapibus lacus urna eu urna
Ok I can see that being a bit of a culture shock
So, been to 4 hotels, I think that at most places for lunch and dinner we were served this as first course.
Dont curse it you might start shaking too
Therefore, if I want be precise I say gymnasium (always in a context when it's known where I'm from so that it can be checked), otherwise I use secondary education or high school (as it's something that most people understand even if it's not the same)
Nullam nec sapien nec orci finibus auctor vulputate at quam
American living in Croatia, showing mainly the diferrences between USA nad Croatia/Balkans - [
Himna Slobode was better
They were never a separate ethnic group.
ova stolica (this chair)-feminine
Agadmator, and I don’t even care about chess that much
Other race would blow heads
Tito or Pavelić
When it comes to videosex, [this one]
Croatia was not free during Nazi rule nor do we recognize that abomination
You're not taking this seriously do you ?
We are not friends we are BROTHERS
Reaction to 3
Weren't majority of Serbs against in 90's too?
Actually, it should be much higher than 5%.
Read the article
Lol, look, a polish person complaining about the lack of vowels
Understanding the Snooper’s Charter [33c3]
[link]
Personally I cannot fathom not learning a foreign language in school, it's a norm here
If we don't deal with it, we're done for
Also, no one uses "sranje", it's like something you'd say infront of your boss or grandma and no eyebrows would be raised
I think Zagreb had potential to become like it however 20 years of systematic neglecting and criminal activites has destroyed the city on top with recent earthquakes
Would Satan come and collect all souls?
Careful what you answer because i've acquired a particular set of skills that make me a nightmare for people who eat bread with pasta
Nope
The cost is already too big to pay
Turkey the only country above the replacement rate
Anyone from Monaco here
Also I can understand almost half of eastern slavic languages (russian, ukrainian) while west slavic less
Our journalism is sad
We were dying laughing the whole evening until the winner was announced
US GDP is inflated to a degree compared to other developed countries because of difference in how things are priced.
Those are just the two I could remember and search for off the top of my head.
For example lets use Bordeaux
They only add up to about 3 billion.
Ez vi spik aj am kontekting maj sikret netvork of spajs akros di JUESEJ end jur AJPI iz biing trejsd rajt nav so ju betr priper for d storm megot
The fact that they demanded the passage trough another nations land by their army is proof that they hadn't considered this deal to pass at all (especially considering the reasons which led to WW1).
So we decided it would be so fun to find the dumbest song, the one with zero chance to win, and call and vote for that song
But the point is, at least you guys have a metro
This only stops the real victims (Syrians) from getting help.
Petersburg (formerly called Leningrad?) was a seat of power for a long time, that's where the Ermitage is and the Winter Palace which was bombarded by the Aurora warship during the October revolution I think.
"Oh
*Side-note: it's fun seeing Mongolia just chilling in the middle of all that red/purple/whatever the bad color is on a particular map.
Sretan rodendan(kinda),(If you understood what I said)
Food must be lit doe
Though calling someone an Ustaša or a "komunjara" isn't an insult that's used outside of political contexts
I really think that the quality of life, especially for kids is better in croatia than in a bunch of other more developed west european countries
i kako ljudi bacio smeće svugdje.
Looks like map-maker forgot us again :<
Sorry about "free to leave after 21 years" part
Fortunately in the last couple of years we've had a couple of really good small bakery businesses open up close to the center of Zagreb, so now that I'm home I can finally enjoy some good family backed bread
Part of Austria-Hungary
I said before since USA is going retarded
Yes, they ruled over us, but they were good to us
Austria-Hungary they gave us railroads :D
Dino Dvornik-Afrika
Same here
officialy turbofolk sounds bad in every language.
I wonder
Malmo is now the rape capital of Europe and, some argue, even the rape capital of perhaps the world.
not likely but they might have the same roots, ogledalo comes from the verb gledati (look) which comes from russian gljadét
Because if they didn't eventually war would be in front of their homes.
wake up the right is winning because people are fed up with your Im always right attitude.
Yap, but the same boss
So at least they're not blind to the dangers of reliance on mining, more like using it for a head-start.
BiH is a lot more complicated, through the Dayton agreement it was made as a federation of three peoples(Croats, Bosnians and Serbs)/ two states(Republika Srbska and Federaton of Bosnia and Hercegovina)
crazy
I told her that those people were stupid and then argued with her for the entire class
As communists
If for whatever reason I became interested in Spanish I could learn to speak fluently just like that, no problem
Huh
A train from my city to other city around 20 ish km is 15 kuna or around 2 euro
Jalta, jalta i pjesma Neka cijeli ovaj svijet, moraš znati za to
Haluk Levent
I know maybe a handfull of them, and all of them are 70+.
I like our current weird shape, but if there is a better shape to be created by merging with someone, I'm open to it.
All silver, all gold, all human lives
You forgot the devil's triangle of europe - croatia, serbia, b&h, montenegro
You eat what ever the fuck you get because you are starving.
Reee, he was ours
Are you glad that you live in the EU
They farthest they went in Croatia, after they burned half of Hungary and raised Zagreb to the ground, is Trogir
Its not that important
I visited Do once and can confirm that "anyone who tries speaking Danish needs all available encouragement" is definitely a mood
Uneven terrain shortens the field of sight and make the traffic less predictable and more prone to accidents
Other than Tvrđa Osijek has a hanging bridge which has lights at night and the main square and the town itself has old style Austro-Hungarian architecture and buildings
I've never seen any in inland Croatia, but they're all over the coast
>trying to erase communist traditions
I've lived here for 27 years and have never seen a nazi or anyone walking around with nazi symbols.
I wouldn't wonder if someone on Canary islands also won't come out on 35 degrees temp
We sing it very often, and Serbs dont like it
You do realize they beat Russia and were just miles away from Paris by that point?
They're culturally and ethnically European
( Who didnt hide is a donkey)
Precisely, even though me is more dear swearword "fuck your dog mother". It seems me as if English lacks adequate swearwords
Could just be because everyone smokes and sends their kids to school with a cauldron full of moussaka.
Because women have to be front line soldiers?
In Istria, they say fratello/fra too
It symbolizes the victory over Turks.
What are some of your countires translations of popular characters or names that might seem strange/weird/unnecessary
When buying stuff at the butcher or cold cuts/cheese we usually say the weight in "deka" as well
Because the right side was built with different kind of stone and is always falling apart, and instead of taking the whole tower down and start anew, the church likes to leech off the money needed for 'renovation' for 50 years now
I am away from home for almost 10 years, but I am still evidented like I am living with my parents
Wait, what
Just a warning, jakubmarian maps have been repeatedly debunked as presenting faulty data.
It is the smallest one and usually now spoken with only older people
As someone else pointed out "America" **the continent** had thousands of years of history with empires, religions, literature
Wingsuit Flying Over the Heart of Croatia
Da, da, kuzim taj dio
A city I currently live has a Roman palace in it's center and couple of Roman aqueduct ruins laying around
You've basically described Croatia and our diaspora
though I must say there might be a little less of them this year
Aliquam viverra tristique auctor
I don't know
Of course there are big companies that create it legally, but most of the time it's too weak and lack flavour, it's not traditional so to say
How is uk so low
I know a number of people of moderate opinions who like Tito
Yes
A black man because the white man could be Croatian.
My point is just that the reason for the intervention was definitely not a stupid airbase.
Apsolutely, in smaller towns it is completely normal to say hi to everyone on the streets
you know Slavs didn't migrate from Africa.
They are the same as the British media
If you compare people with similar backgrounds in similar situations in different countries around Europe, you find a bunch of similar people
However, in the beginning, before those territories were lost, many Croats supported the collaboration with Germany because of the tensions with the Serbs and the Serbian king inside the Kingdom of Yugoslavia who were supporting the ideas greater Serbia.
i always had fun while hanging with germans
The homes cost too much because of the baby boomers.
Glad you liked Umag I went there too and it was a fun time
That’s the line
Our swear words
They are the reason why Europe is as peaceful as it is today.
Like 90% are mandatory
I'd say even less than that
If I had to choose something from Slovenia though, it would definitely be Škocjan caves
European capital of culture, beautiful (tough it needs renovation) city centre, port area, university, unique topography
So you can get only fine without record, but it's not defined how much is personal use, so that is up to judge.
Example: they where campaigning for our army to buy unarmed planes because they are cheaper then armed ones
I wonder if Vucic will kiss the Croatian flag
Wonder if my son could be the king one day too.
Cedevita is absolute masterrace drink, I regularly pimp it to my friends here in the UK, so far 100% satisfaction rates across all cultures that have tasted it, especially in the summer
The unknown relationship between Texas and Belgium
For me it's the fact that the same letter can be pronounced in X ways depending on the word
Who votes for him
so let me guess this straight you have zero proof of it but in your own eyes EU is a saint ?
Hm,  if you wanted to  I could give you 100 + rock songs from Croatia, but  none of them quite have something to do with Croatia in a musical sense (and if they do chances are they aren't that popular)
This winter doesnt count
[Digital version of the Jelačić's flag]
The best one so far lol
” - from a poem called Opomena (Warning), by Antun Branko Šimić
I can buy 30-35 square meter apartment, hopefully there will be some leftover for taxes, stamps and fees
One of the pigs saw the bucket and started chasing Jakub
Last year she seems to have cheated on him so he killed all her kids when he came back
He used all sorts of inconsistent numbers at random.
I can buy 30-35 square meter apartment, hopefully there will be some leftover for taxes, stamps and fees
What exactly was a bigoted lie there
I've never met anyone in my life who eats bread with pasta
My god, such a badass language and badass names
Well iPhone is much more expensive here, and it's just a phone
When I was growing up I thought that was a normal amount of poles to keep the traffic normal and safe
At first I just saw "Czech journalist" and "-15 degrees C" and thought, "oh god, another one went to the Tatras in flip-flops
When I googled etymology of the word šalabahter, šalabakter was written in parentheses next to it
lol
Priests, often openly pro-Nazi, are employed in schools and hospitals
Croatian borders kinda look like a bird stretching it's wings and I love it
After Ögedei's death, the Mongols were plagued with poor leaders though.
My Great-Grandfather fought in WW1
I assume you want the lyrics to be in separate lines?
>Who decided that
Serbian becouse the whole world is Serbia
Stille Willem
Old city centres are typically too crowded to allow space and infrastructure needed for such buildings, and, especcially if only a single building is done it strongly affects the panorama of the city
It reflects our state of spirit and dark future ahead of us
Milijun      - 1
Lmao Croatian party got like 0,1%
The photos on the walls are from the previous generations that finished the same HS
Have you never been to Sisak or Beli Manastir
We are often not featured despite being in EU
When you click you can see the change user flair option
The top 7 out of 8 countries on Earth by organ donation rates are in Europe, 6 of those are in the EU
Only the western and southern coastal Anatolia was under Roman control or rule during the Republic.
Other race would blow heads
The EU is an idealistic project rooted in humanism, Yugoslavia was rooted in totalitarianism
This is r/askEurope
hoho, Mlinar in Zagreb is making burek with orange and its fucking amazing
Also Czechoslovakia was never formally occupied ( and it wasn't communist even until 1948 ) by the USSR until 1968, unlike Romania, Bulgaria, Hungary which were considered enemy nations in the peace negotiations afterwards.
We don't have Polish amount of churches
Kad guglam lyricse pjesme lijepo pise da on pjeva taj dio sto opet ne znaci da je jedan od clanova jer je puno gostujucih na stvari ali da, bio si u pravu
Other accents are from the mountains and they are mostly mixed and the northernmost part speaks its own language
It's not a word I ever heard used, but the online dictionary has jednoobrazan as uniform, homogenous (so a bit similar meaning to your jednoličnij).
>stop making it be a media thing
Im just happy that my family is ok and hause is still ok as well but lots of people lost their home today
A conservative goverment wouldn't be letting in migrants like that
Props on getting your citizenship
> you're labeled big evil bureaucrat European Union
The other way is to learn "bo". Its only used in istria and it means "i dont know". You pronounce it quick and fast, like in "turBO". Whenever someone asks you something you just say "bo" and go away, you'll be safe
Water is bad, air is awful and it is in the poorest county
~~They're arabs or arabians, i forget which one is which
Dude he was the leader of a death squad paramilitary group that massacred their way through Croatia and Bosnia
Croatian is much more precise than the other two you mentioned
Croatia
It makes sunsets look even more beautiful
Which you kind of have to be to strem it on facebook.
In countries where are big differences between regions, especially ethnical and economical, you need a strong centralized government.
Above heart, there is fish running for food.
I personally really enjoy them and my favourite Cevapi place is Hrga grill
Pffff, there's only one correct answer to this question
Maybe they just thought you can speak it
Note: I don't hold any grudges against nations from this list that still exist, I believe Croatia has like pretty good relations with most of our neighbours
• more - sea
Because Russian ones can nuke the shit out of Washington.
I guess
The people exercise the power through the election of representatives and through direct decision-making
English is one of the official languages of the EU and it will stay official after Brexit, because of Ireland and Malta.
You're the one missing the point.
Even if you ignore other means of propulsion boat is still keeping you dry and safe.
It's not the rule, it's what I think should be the definition
It has a good beat to it and I like listening to it when working/studying
... yet
Edit - because my grammar was all over the place
Also it has a lot of medical uses
It's not like Croatia wasn't your 'colony' for many centuries
Can't think of any other that is drastically different
No, it is not cause of the cyrillic
Same goes for Macedonian and Bulgarian, although the case-less caveman talk is something that's hard to get used to.
I'm Croatian and I'm 1.75, and I know guys who are shorter than me, even one who is around 1.65, so I think it all depends.
Heard this about pretty much any Slavic country lol
It's COVID and lot of people work from home (what percentage in poland is it, I don't know) but that's one reason probably why they did this
For instance in English Germany is called so because it was Latin for neighbour or Deutschland meaning land of the people
How are your apple pie skills
There's a reason why after WW1 you named your country [German Austria] and the allies forced you to change the name, there's a reason the treaty of Versailles had to forbid you from joining Germany
Ovo bacam na r/mapporn
Croatia enjoys 2715 hours of sunshine per year and the island of Hvar is the sunniest place in Europe
Often, it is not about coffee, you can order a small glass of tap beer, "gemišt" (white wine with sparkling water), Jaegermeister or something stronger
[Really makes you think
you a Serb or Montenegrin
Aus, bei, mit, nach, seit, von, zu :D
Beč is Turkish originally but idk the etymology and Dunaj definitely comes from Danube
It's exceptionally easy and seamless
I think we understand eachother the best
He was quite liked by the Americans and by Roosevelt himself especially
We also eat soup every day here in Croatia
They went out to raid and pillage Turks, Venetians and basically whoever they could to survive
"For the truth about Finland"
We also have [Matica hrvatska]
I don't get why people are opposed to having to show a document when you cross an international border?
If all EU countries go to 2%, why the fuck would they need NATO anyway?
Bandić is the sole reason I miss death penalty
Hah you guys at least seem happy on the outside
Just curious because I'm moving there soon
Had to steal Prekmurje from Slovenia though, sorry Slovenia
I really love vienna, it would totally be a city i could live in if it was closer to the sea
Children still has to be vaccinated againt smallpox in Croatia
Eh, I don't know if it counts, but in Croatia the media goes nuts a couple of time per year about some damn stork that flies over and nests with the (supposedly) same female every year
Here in croatia beef is everytjing from older cow and it's not that popular
"We". You surely are a valuable contribution with that kind of worldview
The reason for the difference of Hrvatska and Croatia is because the Latin language didn't have the H, so they wrote Hrvat as Crvat, as the C sound was the closest they could get to the H. Then that eventually evolved to Croat
Ha, we almost share word for that in Croatian, "kuverta" meaning "envelope". Is it the same in Spanish
Spansko selo
idk maybe this can help you bro
Oči, uši, usta i nos
Also, those are all male names, women usually don't get a nickname via their surname, don't know why tho
We adopted the Italian version with Italian names (Tristine version is the most popular here)
The song we voted for as a joke- won and went to the Eurovision
In fact, I believe it would be an insult to them to even propose such a thing
Also why would you even get money from an ATM abroad, usually the best option is to buy currency at home
I think we've overtaken you in the latest report
They would get either shot on the spot or suffer the same fate
I always love to do cliff diving from there
Serbia is "pillar of stability on the balkans" my ass.
I would be pissed beyond measure if I were in your shoes and some other country enters the EU e.g. Montenegro and gets the green light to enter the Schengen
In order to prevent people destroying or damaging other people's cars, they removed any canton/regional association from the plates
Google (even in the background) collects tons of data about road conditions, individual driving habits, predicts future conditions and it can suggest or divert the drivers to a less congested route
Why don’t we use it
there's an option for 2 hours rental (or 4
idk maybe this can help you bro
> We are not and will never be at a point when "pornstar" is a normal occupation with no stigma attached
I love their gun policy, cities and mountains
- King Petar Krešimir IV
Oh God
You have to understand people especially now will find fascism in everything they are becoming like russians.
Meet Milan Bandić, our immortal and undefeated 30-year-reigning grand master of corruption, mayor of Zagreb, our capital
That clusterf**k has little to do with Islam in itself.
Then this [dude] who turned into a vampire
If the goal of the EU is prosperity and unity for the whole of Europe, it's not like we can leave the UK as some kind of a pariah on the outskirts forever, and that's before you consider the awkwardness with Ireland and Northern Ireland.
In new Croatian translation of Tolkien's Lord of the Rings, "Baggins" will be literally translated as "Torbar" (one who makes and/or sells bags)
O7 everyone's a hero O7
Those come from the EU, not Germany.
And in the end, the governments of all the other participants were in a similar situation, bellicose-yet-dreading-war
Not Zagreb, but Osijek had a woman called Paulina Hermann, colloquially known as "Mačkamama" ("Catmother") due to her love for cats and the amount of cats she had.
It is necessary to stress Romanias case.
Yamakasi
Edit: interestingly enough, all of them are split with Bosnia and on the rivers Sava and Una
The Institute of Croatian Language and Linguistics is the central national scientific institution for the research of the Croatian language and general linguistics
You can always come to Croatia which is basically a Czech exclave during summer :)
He speaks like a chicken that is being strangled to death, he's been on many surgeries, he looks 15 years older than he is
Ja to nikad nisam ni vidio ni radio na tome
But workers' rights were more protected than in glorious capitalism.
We Croats tend to make more mistakes as we speak softly and our "č" is REALLY close to "ć".
Många av immigranterna har smart telefoner och de kan ladda ner duolingo app att lära sig grundläggande svenska.
That explains it, but since all those incidents were part of the whole war thing they seem out of context on the same map as London or Nice attacks.
Well seems about the same as what we have here "palačinke"(palatschinken) judging by looks and recipe.
Sure they can cut trade with Belarus but so can the EU offer trade deals to minimise the impact.
Those aren't ice blocks or they'd have melted by now
You and people who upvoted you are clear in head as glass of orange juice, you read anything in last few years regarding what EU and USA did regarding Crimea?
Croatian government member of EU ?
So he just walked in, not waiting for anyone to answer
Aleksa Veliki
The time to change hearts and minds was over a decade ago.
Historically under heavy Austrian influence, architecture and dialect have many resemblance to German language and the way the buildings look
I also know when and why it was done
Every system has its downsides
EDIT :: first reports of injuries are coming in
I learned mostly just by watching an absurd amount of videos, and school only helped me with maybe grammar (tenses, word forms, etc)
Croatia is one of the smallest countries in europe but still a guy speaking only chaikavian dialect would not understand a guy speaking kaikavian
Ingrid's speech may be the most famous, but our former minister of defence Damir Krstičević is also famous for his amazing English skills:
>I’m not so keen to alternatives
Well, on my uni in medicine field you need certain score that is calculated by the Q and IF of journal you pzblish in
In span of less than two weeks temperature has gone from nice 16° to 8°, even 3° in the morning and late at night and it will not go back up for the next 5 months
Add to that some rakija maybe and a slowly cooked stew/sauce like pasticada dish and you'd get the Croatia smell
Government run artificial breeding matrixes when
They even started opening Korean hostels.
That is the only one I have ever seen in my country
[A tie
Thanks for being voice of reason
I can't even recite my own nations anthem let alone other nations anthems
My uncle lives in a top floor flat in a pretty old building near the center of Zagreb
Tuga and Buga don't count do they
Also, i have no idea how i still remember all of those
Greenland would be a far better option, only 60k people there and millions of square km.
We dont want you to start yet another war :) /s
The guy that drove the truck in to the crowd in Berlin was a member of a cell which had a Serb who converted to islam as a member.
And you don't know what's going to happen there regarding their politics
"We may be stupid but the Croats voted for HDZ again ..."
Isto
I understand that, I'm just saying I think it's unfortunate.
In Croatian dragon and kite are both "Zmaj". Pretty sure it's like that in Serbian, but feel free to correct me
Very bravely killing unarmed civilians.
I won't lie, at first I thought you were lying but then I've seen it
They recently made some advancements and seem to have an intention of escalating it further in hopes of destroying Trump's efforts to drop sanctions on Russia.
really friendly while they're still half conscious but that must be the drugs
I love beaches, but I prefer them quiet and secluded
No, it shouldn't you mfing warmonger
all that trust worthy considering the leaderships all three countries have currently
Have you never been to Sisak or Beli Manastir
That's a mispronunciation then
(I am using celebrities as examples because I don't want to post pictures of random people here)
Fun weeks ahead for the chronically ill
Not in detail, more like a general synopsis
Australians were always known for being lovers
Usually, the higher the population density the shittier your life will be, for various reasons(depending on the source);
Nah we're good
Throw grenade, chase the gang trough the spring
My wheellock pistol is made in UK.
Yes, absolutely
Only thing that happens a lot is that people get nicknames based on their surname rather than their name
What inspires you to learn my language
Oh yeah, comparing a F22 a 21st century jet to a 1960s jet)))
For all their talk of class and privilege, their leaders leave citizens to the wolves while getting a private guard with uzis
Serbia is still so retro...move on guys, move on finally.
Haven't been there personally, but lots of people I know go to Cyprus during winter months for the same reason
You're correct in principal, but wrong on a few details.
Give us a list of all those who voted for this shitty bill to pass and we'll do our best to remove them from positions of power
I dont know what to tell you about the south of france, maybe it'd be better than now
Washington has denounced Harald Bluetooth: "It's time I told the world of your sins."
I like how your police drive AR 159 <3
The word for "word" in European languages
Top 40 doesn't have a single Slovene song.
Small, cosy, beautiful and you can feel the history in the air
I know a lot of people who don't like this dish, but I absolutely adore blood sausages (krvavice), especially with baked or mashed potatoes and sauerkraut
r/italy always trying to claim r/croatia.
Then came the communism, killed a bunch of people who were killing a bunch of people, and for all it's faults, it was better than before.
Again hot places like Dubai, India and such
Slavs were in Eastern Europe at the time.
Conflict rates drop to zero
Now am back home and still always greet the driver
Try to not get anschlussed this time.
Don't forget water polo
Like I said, they would have tied up an Allied army, nothing more.
For example: I know many people who would say that they believe in some kind of god and thats it.
Hahah
We are that good
Doesn't seem like a fair trade at all.
Thanks, I will be in Walle and I've already been warned of that place hahaha
Sretan Božić! :)
I wasn't even aware of the large price difference then
Then there was the "magic circle". A group would approach an individual and one person would tap him on the shoulder, and then we'd punch and kick him until he names the person that tapped him
Spot on
Are you saying that Croatia is Italy
I mean, you were part of the roman empire and a majority of your country is christian, sounds pretty european to me
Better choice of restaurants
labudovi već bi poletjeli
Every year i see that picture of that dog who is getting saluted on his way to euthanasia, every year the same pictures
I eat minced meat at home but if I pay restaurant prices I won't pay for overhyped minced meat over gill served with raw onion and spoon of ajvar along side
What about quality of life
He left in spite of everyone in his party wanting him to stay and no one calling for his resignation.
I live in a capital, so it's not exactly a matter of knowing all the neighbours
Isn’t there a stereotype that we drink a lot of coffee and smoke cigarettes
The first song that comes to my mind however is [Kletva Kralja Zvonimira] (King Zvonimir's curse) from Marko Perković Thompson
I overslept thinking it was a dream
An individual has no reason to care about nationwide birthrate statistics,
Nah, they'd drain Adriatic and plant tulips there instead.
At least late 8th century - 1102
We came from today's Poland to today's Croatia at the invitation of the Byzantine emperor Heraclius and defeated the Avars who were the enemies to Byzantine cities on the coast...
I think EU army would be a good first step towards fostering a sense of shared destiny but that alone is something that would take years and it's only the first step.
How is your country doing
Somebody hasn't checked the news lately
Nobody is born a nationalist, a racist or a homophobe
That thing is another level
Well, the Scots are an Irish tribe anyway so why not :)
A bit of good news: apparently, [structure is saved
In Zagreb where I study heat tolerance is pretty similair but the reason why Zagreb has 10 times shittier wheater is colder half of the year
Thank you so much
You keep defenses fit by having an army ready for invading.
But, yes, it would be more accurate to list him under Croatia.
They have their own political party that's a member of the European free alliance
When that scenes play on the screen I'm laughing so hard
Legalized in the early 1950s when the communists came, never really made illegal after that and it sort of just became part of society.
Not only split in two, but one one hand joined with Italy and on the other in a huge mix of austria-hungary-slovakia-croatia and romania.
Bilijarda   - 1
I'm not the best italian speaker in the world but i think it should be "Gli Galli" if it's il gallo for singular.
I'm getting real tired of playing against you
TUDUDUDUDU, NEMA NAM POMOCIIIIII
Even people with steady income jobs move away simply because of salary/work conditions
Well how you're supposed to pay bills on time when they don't even arrive on time
They're doing
[And another one with seasonal greetings]
I really like  the german flag where you  put the eagle in the middle, makes it feel more german
Even Italy had a different name once, before unification it was called Talijanska (collectively, as land of Italians), after unification we switched to Italija.
Whereas cyclone brings warmer weather (still below 0°C) and ice rain/snow.
c) one of the first states to [ban the slave trade in modern times]
But yeah the breakup has been even worse for Central Asia, Moldova, Ukraine etc
We don't really compare ourselves to the countries that are much larger than us, but the ones that are similar.
They are not natural but still interesting
It's a concern, sure, but there are more immediately tangible issues at hand.
Was she not in power when Germany accepted millions of refugees, did she not try to force migrant quotas on every member of the union?
Idoli- Odbrana i Poslednji Dani
In the eyes of europhiles they see their EU as something that is good and strong at the same time but let's face it half of Europe or even more doesn't believe in the idea of EU the sooner US dismantles it the better it's too centralized and wants to be USE
Oh, don't be fooled for a second.
Edit: spelling
i live about 1 to 2 hours away from zagreb, people say shit went wild but i slept through the whole thing :c
I don't agree with some things going on there, and I was unfortunately living in a very stereotypical conservative town where I was constantly shit on for not being American
There was also a scare about making zimnica, which is a tradition where at the end of summer, most of the vegetables are stored in special way in jars with vinegar that are sealed and then they are ready for consumption anytime during winter
Church has hold over many things in Croatia, heck, they are even exempt from determined dates of relaxing the coronavirus measures, state is powerlees against them, many priests have been conducting masses despite the ban, and when police and journalists showed up they were attacked and hurt both by people and the priest
It doesn't mean I'm right, nor does it mean that I'm wrong
'' mi scusi '' sounds like '' take me from behind '' in our language
Except you're wrong, just ask if any engineers use linux that can't use SolidWorks or any vfx company(yes Maya works on linux but you aren't using just Maya you're using 10 programs in pipeline and if just one doesn't have linux support your fucked) or if any game development uses it(same thing as vfx), its fucking dumb and so are linux elitists.
Because over 90% of it's citizens are Albanians ?
Edit: I forgot you guys use very similar alphabet like we do and read the letters the same way
Let's play the Scandinavian game: spot the sun
Remember when you thought Bush was bad
Croatia has obligation to take care of 50% of nuclear waste (when the plant shuts down)
I had really hoped this was some Onion type article
perkele
Priests, often openly pro-Nazi, are employed in schools and hospitals
Croatian here
happy croat-slovene noises
lol
Well, technically, only one has double last name; the second one has a nickname, and the third one has two first names
Example: James(Croatian) Đejms(Serbian)
Also, sligtly connected to that, their movie culture trumps ours I would say any day
No, but she has a [niece] that a lot of people confuse for her daughter.
Yeah I heard you guys take ferries to Estonia for cheaper alcohol
Slovenia is small
I'll go with Vatican once again
Well thank you for making me feel nice for 2 seconds
And what do you mean tried to start shit with you
Most of Africa is still crawling out of the hole, with just a few exceptions.
"Gore gore gore gore"
Too many stuck up profesors tbh would just sit at desk and show you PDF
I'm truly interested, can Serbians (or any other nationality from Balkan) understand Dalmatian dialect something like [this] Or something from Međimurje like [this] tho I guess some Slovenians can understand Međimurski better than some Croatians
Maybe Trump gave Vučić something else besides a pen and keys
Tko se nije skrio, magarac je bio
Everyone's shouting all the time
Sometimes the Zagorski accent as well, which works better for a farmer/hillbilly type of character
Aldi Süd has indisputably a better logo
It has snowed and it melted the very next day
Could it be that it is artificially created language?
Eather in Croatia, we consider it a normal thing to do
You can't have a civilised conversation
He made some terrible decision, especially by the end of the war, which led to a lot of deaths
Not true, we never had a fu manchu mustache leader.
>Forgot to add, these are all normally said in a very slurred manner, like the rest of our language, unless you're in Croatian class lol
It was from some app my wife had which followed her pregnancy or something
**¯\\\_\(ツ\)\_/¯**
70 years is a long period, but still.
Three main dialects and each with probably hundreds of regional variants
The main riff has a lot of similarities with traditional croatian folk songs and it keeps a very "national" vibe
Im still bus guy since my country is not very reliable in railways department
I mean, the only thing we learn about is
Ali naposljetku je ministar zdravstva, na pitanje tko je odgovoran za smrt velikog broja članova staračkog doma u Splitu, gdje je bilo puno sumnjivih radnji, rekao "meni se čini da je kriv virus". A ravnatelj doma na poziciju postavljen po stranačkoj liniji
In feugiat accumsan risus at ornare
Sounds better than "welp that person just went into nothingness". As an agnostic, I don't mind people believing in the afterlife, but what triggers me is the "what can you do, that's life, it had to be that way". The amount of people who believe in destiny is ridiculous
Russia because of it's famous history and similar culture to Croatian.
Someone made a deliberate decision to remove a person from a photo.
Spain 6
In Croatia there's a stereotype that you guys like to go hiking in flip flops, due to incidents where tourists go hiking wearing flip flops and inevitably have to be rescued
locked since theres no huge benifit in leaveing it unlocked and no huge down side to locking it
Does anything come out of it
Now I wonder what they originally wrote
I'd say Bednjanski "mangles" vowels (compared to the regular Croatian) in the way similar to how Bavarian or Austrian does compared to regular German
If grown ass people wanna smoke let them fucking smoke, who are you to tell them if they can or can't do it
That sentiment is usually very prevalent among our diaspora because their ancestors had to run away after the WW2 (Argentina, Australia, Canada) and the ones who used to be a part of Croatia back then (Bosnian Croats).
>Andrzej Duda says that LGBT 'ideology' worse than communism
It's a rational language to learn because there's a fuckton of them and very few of you Danish people and us, and they have a huge influence over Europe that is only going to increase in the coming decades
Yeah like they are just dialects of it
2 hours later at dinner, waiter overhears us talking, says hello, asks how things are going, what brings us here
So what is your talent
But this won’t stop until something changes
>She's also one of the biggest stars in Croatia and there is even a porn about her
I love beaches, but I prefer them quiet and secluded
Southeastern Europe is just a new name for the Balkans, which kinda works the same as Eastern Europe in the way its perceived
No shit, they all came here to us for a little dip in the sea
and think about archaic words and you can get the meaning
Both
Too much paperwork, large fees and rules..
Cooperating despite differences is a lot harder when cultures are very different from each other and it introduces problems that didnt exist before
This is just sad
Here alcohol is lifestyle
Croatian here, ashamed of the same thing (we allied with Germany in both world wars and shared their Nazi policies)
fun
Everyone knows 'everytime we touch'
Also I'm not very knowledgeable about poetry so please take this with a grain of salt
Yeah, you shouldn't look down on people, but defending this desperation industry
Most of Vukovar was ethnically cleansed of its non-Serb population and became part of the self-declared Republic of Serbian Krajina
Was there a high chance of a highly nationalist government rising in Germany
Morbi sit amet libero tortor
I live on the 6th floor
Croatia confirmed Western
EU if it doesnt want more migrants crossing the mediterranean should for once put its differences with Russia aside and work together in stabilizing libya
Praise the Void
What you're referring to is Paris proper which has 2
Croat here, could understand most of it.
Just because you dislike something doesn't make it okay to want to ignore that something
In a country just above 4 million population
Here, it’s generally accepted you say “Bok” (a greeting) to someone if you’re passing them, with not many other people in sight
Saint Alexander Schomrell who was part of the White Rose resistance against nazi Germany.
Why can't they find a pretty one ??
Oh yeah sobody has to clean that up just beacouse you couldn't wait
Wanna trade it for Trieste
**Serbian**: usually come in groups of 2 families or solo if they have a family member living in the area
It is even more of a shame that the conspiracy wave of the 1980s took on the Templars and now swarms of people believe utter bullshit about Templars, like they worshiped some goat God and were a part of the pre-Illuminati.
Somehow, I don't think it was unintentional
Probably Americans brate
Why Is Sweden Destroying 96 Powerful Fighter Jets That Could Deter Russia?
Which is nothing to sneeze at apparently, the only improvements stronger than that are "0.006", belonging to Russia and Italy.
Everytime a factory shuts down their workers protests a bit and that's pretty much it
Commission is legally bound to act on it, otherwise it would be in violation of TFEU and whole thing would be brought before the Court of Justice of the European Union.
So the examples have nothing to do with anything?
Similar story happened to me, but much worse and a little less likely to happen considering there aren't many people from Croatia elsewhere (ok except Germany)
You can go there with bus (few days ago new bus line started for airport).
All of them it is
It would be totally pointless
A set of federalized states is more centralized than the same states remaining completely independent of each other.
We don't wear these in Croatia much...
Also, forget about mountain climbing
hearing Germans about visiting Poland and France is always mixed bag :D
Sabaton doesnt know that
So you like oversleeping more of the daylight so you can have night come sooner
Germany to offer 'voluntary return' incentives for asylum seekers
Just because of our neighbour countries wanting to get in, but we kinda have to agree to that, but we don't, it's all very confusing
We came from Croats being fascist to fascism denial in Serbia.
If you're lucky, they won't be competing with existing members of the workforce.
Ukranian is pretty easy along with Russian and Belarusian I would rather read
k=towards
Because I can imagine that the hardest part of it would be avoiding the Yugoslav navy patrol
In Croatia, atheists have to financially support the Catholic Church via taxes that bring up to 150 million euros a year
It's not always easy explaining medieval feudal concepts when we're more or less used to how modern states work, and 19th century and how people were trying to reform feudalism was often messy
''How do you say _____ in Serbo-Croatian?''
you truly justify the claim now
Atleast we would save Hungary from Orban
Bohemia, Low Countries, Slovenia, northern Italy, Burgundy
Some of us are irritated by the closed ecosystem
People usually wouldn't even try dialect with foreigners (on purpose)
C'mon, how many Hungarians ever lived in any coastline tows of Croatia
They voted for them
Reddit is conservative as hell
Depends, how is Trieste these days?
That thing is on another level
I'm not saying that the katana is a better sword, I'm most certainly no expert, but clearly this test is no indicator of which sword is better.
They don't share with the commons.
Do you use some form of vešmašina (Waschmaschine) or flajšmašina (Fleischmaschine)
Lets go with "Aren't you Southern Serbs
People are not religious, don't believe in god, but many believe in "some" higher life force or spirits
Depends on your definition
I told her that those people were stupid and then argued with her for the entire class
They managed to create it, just not in every country
The Institute of Croatian Language and Linguistics is the central national scientific institution for the research of the Croatian language and general linguistics
A lot of Croats are regulars on Sziget festival, or flying from/to Budapest Liszt Ferenc
Its apparent that people within cant work together so i will and has to divide
Yes, of course, but they don't get used in day to day life
My village - > my region - > my country - > Europe
Someone told me they also used Rollers to squish people too but idk
Absolutely perfect combo
I've been reading lately about the Brabant murders and the pedophile scandals of the 90's. What the fuck Belgium ?
experienced nuclear fusion
I also know God save the Queen, the German, Serbian, Polish and Italian anthems and some more
The story was completely blown out of proportion and the chocolate war is still going on.
Mine
This says a lot because I have noticed a lot of Brits are more cat people than dog people
Now we need for Twitter to do the same
The government sets any condition it wants
Keeping things the same is harder still.
Da ti bubrege otpuše
Also I don't think it is the best idea to have foreign troops on our land, no matter the NATO because alliances can break over time and we might not keep our "good" relations with USA
Wow, that's interesting
Zi ye later
>I’m saying that it’s ingrained enough that it’s not a “new”
Best you can do is tell if someone is more southern or northern European looking, but even then, there's a bunch of Italians with light hair and eyes, and I've seen Scottish and Irish people who look stereotypically Spanish (think Pierce Brosnan, Sean Connery and Colin Farrell)
In most places yes but I believe some places have pretty bad infrastructure so tap water isn't exactly drinking water
It will be hard during the war.
I'm proud of my Serbian heritage and my Croatian motherland.
As in, the churches are full for Christmas and Easter, and nearly everyone would like to marry in a fancy one - [not that I blame them tbh,] it's so much nicer than the clinical state office.
In Croatian:
The British did the same mistake you did IMO.
Its big
We have it in Croatia and we recycle up to 95% of all bottles because of it
Struck me as something you don't see that often in these parts
It's the opposite with English, pretty much everything I watch/read/listen is in English
(Eg hungary is stronger than uk)
I’m having panic attack just thinking about it
Neutrality, Euroskepticism, Recognition of Palestine, etc
Aliquam viverra tristique auctor
[Tomislav Horvatincic (results on Croatian)] local crook and businessman who has friends among politicians, killed older Italian couple with his boat
&#x200B;
why do so many european countries have either crosses on flags or lines for flags ?
Croatian national thetre (HNK)
He posts in /r/The_Europe what did you expect?
Please let me know where you're moving next if you ever decide to leave Italy
Please
In fact, one of the first countries in the world to officially recognise the independence of America was a then city-state of Dubrovnik
Or will you be nice like Mexico was and pay for the wall building from your own budget?
Seeing people laughing about it on facebook makes me wanna punch them through the screen
This guy has more of "gas chamber" than "aryan" look.
Wasn't there a big country that was pretty much against every measure in that direction?
Aj vil vajp ju d fak aut vit presižn d lajks of vič hez nevr bin sin bifor on dis ert mark maj fakin vords
A Slovenian telling people of Croatian wines?
And yet from what i heard at least they're becoming more and more assimilated, learning the language etc.
Honestly fuck Nutella and Coca Cola anyway, I'm not touching that sugary shit with a ten foot pole.
It depends on the professor tho
I was shocked about it
This is how I view the situation, coming from a fairly liberal family and school, but someone older than me might disagree
This is r/europe, not r/spain
Why didn't he go for being a comedian?
No way
It doesn't match for us, off by 20 million as far as I can tell.
So in Croatia it's just travanj, srpanj, rujan and prosinac?
It's not that hard for these people to learn English
Is nazi salute illegal in switzerland or is this a problem because they were members of the military ?
Here's the good part - **around 6000 tablets they bought didn't have cameras
I've heard of Davey Crockett and his trademark gun and hat.
I am definitely moving after college
On this day 80 years ago Germany and the USSR signed the Molotov-Ribbentrop Pact
This guy is really scared of water, flair checks out
sorry Belgium
Shit, I wish I had a biorhythm like that
I wouldn't even give them the option of a test because they still might pass it
>The Republic of Croatia is a unitary and indivisible democratic and social state
You think Poland will take over Germany in importance
This is not about that form of machoism is it?
Because they don't want to say that they speak Croatian or Serbian.
Fusce velit sapien, mollis vel euismod ac, pellentesque quis tellus
When they arrived in Paris in their full uniform, French fell in love
Incredible
One of the reps decide to gift prime minister and minister of a defence toy planes to replace the one from Israel
Maybe a year younger if you go for vocational 3 year high school and now want to go to uni anyway
Trust me, you dont want that
"Come on kill us already"
This is the board of directors, not the stewards
There are no clubs that I know of either
Oh yeah, I saw that
Usually if you see a restaurant in the main street in city centre it's usually a trap
3 fucking months on depleted supplies and constantly losing men
its not, by by by Earth, but its by, by humans
I guess drinking for all of the Balkans but for Croatia it is name days whom are already mentioned and maybe our style of eating, we usually eat bread with everything and always have soups before the main meals
Zadar man is our Florida man iirc
We are quite experienced in crashing Jets.
Soaring like the Hindenburg....
Not just into the 3 really differing dialects but also on a city to city level
Or says burek wit cheese
Funny, there is also a story that a saying exists from 30 years war that goes along these lines "God save us from plague, famine and Croats", according to some it was engraved somewhere in Aachen after the sacking of Magdeburg
Almost all Europeans look the same unless you compare people on the oposite sides of the continent (like Portugal and Finland or Ireland and Greece), but even then you can never know for sure when looking at individuals.
Yea I agree with you
That's absolutely true, but it is still a lot nearer to a solution than outright denying the science
The urban Zagreb way of speaking (Zagreboi here)
37,587 per square kilometer on average
Well here the first grade is like you and about 25-30 classmates and then the eighth grade is like you and 13-18 classmates
Whereas if a person has a criminal record, his vote is worth less, like for example 0.5 people.
Helping to preserve Austria-Hungary would also be a massive benefit
Serbia
Made by IPSOS one of the most renown survey companies, I don't know why you would dismiss it as useless
According to our facts this video is the best so far.
Once you join Russia, you never leave Russia
Sometimes when whatching british series, white people look the same stereotip is noticable for me, LOL
maximum: Ema Lorena Franić Stanić
Arriving ?
Maybe we just have bootleg stuff over here so I didn't taste the real deal, idk
Edit - because my grammar was all over the place
Here is the link to one of his songs
Conversely, you won't notice the borders of Malta, Luxembourg, Armenia, Slovenia or Faroe islands unless you're actively searching for them on the map since their land size is much smaller
I'm not taking either side here, I'm just pointing out that recently "police bad" posts skyrocket to hot without much effort
I do remember when I was 11 year old and in shelter due to Serbian airplanes and shellings.
Thats what I mean
Vause Bosnia is controversial as only one part of Bosnia is considering us as brothers
- *(Ne) Briga me - I worry (not is implied)*
Translation:
That being said, what we usually dont do is drive extra long distances to work, we usually prefer just to move closer
It's not offensive, we have a square in the centre of Zagreb that is named after him.
Live masses, religious talk shows, even the news sometimes make specials.
Only 48 are permanently inhabited and there is one island group which is a national park, doe it's still not as visited as it should be.
An extremely varied and beautiful landscape and culture with the Mediterranean, Central European, Eastern European and Middle Eastern influence
Most marriages never recover after losing a child and therefore other kids suffer too
we converted to Christianity :(
Sure, but very few people like waiting and if you would also obscure the amount of time they have to wait, that's torture
Što je slatka
You are literally asking to be annexed right now
Imagine if Burgenland joined Croatia
They couldn't get that name in the first place because they were not a [republic in the SFRY]#Federal_subjects).
Man that would be awesome
I remember i really liked the Ice&Fire one
Noone is crazier than Stalin
Is it a ferry with cars or something more like a speedboat?
You must admit, "Franjo Tuđman" just rolls off the tongue.
> You’re telling me what the rule is, I’m asking you why the rule is
I'm European and I don't fear Breitbart instead I welcome it as it this needed in Europe's news climate which is too liberal/leftist and biased.
I must say that it's probably overrated, but I had a great time there acting like I was a part of the Austrian Aristocracy in the 19th century
Zagreb Cathedral (the tallest building)
You seem sceptical about magic.
Insert <Hurr durr politburo take potato, such is life.
How can anyone prefer that over EU?
In Croatia tap water is perfectly safe to drink
The French anthem is kind of a symbol of revolution and such so we know i. Other ones that I know are British, Russian, Spanish(I could recognise it but not sing), Serbian, German and Ukranian (cuz I wondered but same as Spanish tho only recognisable)
fewer and less
And as for Austrian rule, we look back at it fondly NOW, back in the day we couldn't wait to break free from it
Vause Bosnia is controversial as only one part of Bosnia is considering us as brothers
F is for friend is the true fun
Honest question, not trying to stir shit:
Sometimes I forget how many russians you have
Especially after [this scandal]
If I had to guess I'd say some with good sense of orientation when they managed to find their way there
I found it later on to be a stupid translation, probably though up by some older generations, that even people form the UK (where grammar schools are from) don't necessarily get due to their education system beigh wildly different
>Why is family the goal
My eyes thank you
Also you have an incredibly beautiful country
there's a lot of IT graduates from Bangladesh
Strange, one would think that after two very important and massive losses in 2008 and 2018 the average British person would know the Croatia NT very well
Unfortunately yes
I love this one
>*Their appearance so sudden*
There are so many dialects in Croatia, and a lot of them that people from different regions wouldn't understand
We had a lot of immigrants who were hurt illegaly crossing our country and they received instant care without any payment
How France’s Fight With Islam Became a Bestseller
I think that do wear less makeup tha Serbian women, which are also pretty, but they have stronger Turbofolk (trashy faux folk music and scene) culture that is like 'more the better' , and unnatural look is what they are going for
Pršut is love, Pršut is life
Doe we don't really have friends
past tenses
Sve pet
They are free to move in and out at any time.
The lands they ruled reached from Serbia (no Vojvodina then) to southwards
yeah, i fucking hate the wind as well
S.A.R.S.
There are thousands of people who cant have kids and want to adopt
Ukraine/Russia issue, France revelation, Hungary, immigrants flooding bos/serb, it ain't looking good
We had a lot of old spies from Yugoslavia stay and help with raising the nation state to where it is.
The internet is not really a good space to make an opinion on them IMO although you can find many nice Serbs here on r/europe.
It is, of course, a bit more complicated than this but narrows down to Russian or European path of Ukraine.
We have the same jokes about bosnians
Wasnt it legal in Yugoslavia
Breakfast, old bread and milk, and maybe wine
Narod ostvaruje vlast izborom svojih predstavnika i neposrednim odlučivanjem
Why do they care so much about belarus
Theres also quite distinction between alcoholics and before mentioned healthy life style
We stoped Climate Change
GIVE US INA BACK YOU DICKHEADS (just kidding, happy new year).
We also make zserbo and it's not the same.
An average person from norway could work for 3 months there and then move to Bosnia for the rest of the year and live off it.
The EU doesn't really care about your system of government as long as your country more or less follows the EU's strategic goals
There are more examples, but this has to be the worst
says guy who posts in t_D and politics
high commissioner for refugees, around 180,000 migrants have arrived in Italy by sea over the past year using the central Mediterranean migration route from North Africa.
> it's still not such a deal as it is in USA
FFS, who finds Hebdo's work funny?
There was more stuff like that just trying to make us hungarians
It is not the country's fault
And what do you mean tried to start shit with you
The people at the airport were very nice, nothing to complain about.
I think they had a whole list for each country and picked the funniest ones
While America **the country (USA)** and the territory it covers really didn't.
Of course not, and neither does oil and gas that Germany gets from that great eastern democracy, Russia
Before entering EU we baked (Distilled) Rakia in much larger quantities than now, it was made both for personal consumption and sale to those in close proximity to us, and it was something about which you could brag about, now taxes are too high for it, so less and less people do it, you even have to pay taxes even if you only have the necessary equipment and you didn't distill it that year, so most people sold their equipment, while other's that continue to distill it, do so in hiding
In Dalmatia word for Scissors is "[nožice]žice)"
Or something in regards to pasta and Italians being triggered at heathens who put ketchup on it?
What is a male dominated country?
We're simply not wired for being satisfied, yet easily get complacent.
It's kinda ironic, everything that you consider bad is at leat 10 times worse in Balkan's, so even these thing that are bad to you, seem like utopia for us, just yesterday I talked with a friend how our bureaucreacy is slow compared to German, and also recently there was a talk how in Germany you can start in low wage job, but if you show that you can work and are willing to work you can easily get a raise or even go upwards in jobs, while here where you start, you'll most likely stay, and only chance of your minimal wage rising is if goverment increases minimal wage, something which happens rarely and only in very small incremental values
I would lay on the tiles of my floor in order to get cooled down by them, and then I'd eventually fall asleep after like 30 minutes or an hour of trying to accept the heat
It is basic declension
Somebody hasn't checked the news lately
Did you actually bother reading what I wrote.
"Europa regina", a depiction of Europe as a queen in Sebastian Münster's "Cosmographia", 1570
So let me get this straight because i never understood it properly:
I think it mostly comes from such names being "long" when compared to most names that are popular now, or still popular such as Luka, Filip, Marko, Tin, Leo, Ivan
Nice city too as I heard
